Featured Trending Recent Nav Button IN Edition Choose Edition: IndiaUnited StatesUnited KingdomDeutschlandAustraliaIndonesiaMalaysiaSingaporePolandNordicNederlandFrance SIGN IN / CREATE ACCOUNT Hi, Log Out EventsBi intelligence India InsiderTechCareersFinance StrategyLifeHP Elite LoungeNewAllUS EDITION Business InsiderBusiness Insider India InsiderTrending in IndiaNEWStartupsNEWExclusivesNEW Emotional Modi addressing current money crisis says, “They may not ... These 13 movies had editing errors that you might have missed last ... Not just India, people staying in Singapore and Dubai are facing tr... How to change black money to white? These hoarders are finding indi... Not just India, people staying in Singapore and Dubai are facing tr... Trump plans to immediately deport or jail 2 to 3 million immigrants... T-Hub is building the world’s largest startup incubator facility in... On its first anniversary, T-Hub, India’s largest incubator for star... This is what India's business leaders are saying about Modi's decis... T-Hub is building the world’s largest startup incubator facility in... On its first anniversary, T-Hub, India’s largest incubator for star... EXCLUSIVE: Your Uber, Ola rides could get much more expensive if it... TechEcommerceNEWEnterpriseScienceVideosNEW Snapchat just moved its Spectacles vending machine to a new locatio... Trump's $25 billion wall would be impossible to build, according to... Mark Zuckerberg: We will rid site of fake news, but 'Identifying th... Who won the festive season sale war between Flipkart and Amazon? This startup is everything someone getting married will ever need Snapdeal is moving its employees to this co-working setup On its first anniversary, T-Hub, India’s largest incubator for star... This start up dealing in preowned cars, choppers and yachts has an ... Paytm is just nailing the offline market with its recent acquisitio... The scientific reasons why we eat dessert last 8 terrifying ways the world could actually end Americans are so afraid of government conspiracies they'll even bel... These futuristic floating underwater tunnels could drastically impr... The 7 best science movies and shows on Netflix Scientists figured out how long it’s okay to keep eye contact with ... CareersEducationPersonal FinanceSmall BusinessVideosNEW 4 things you should know before you work abroad T-Hub is building the world’s largest startup incubator facility in... 15 important jobs women have yet to hold in the US A New York elementary school has correctly predicted every presiden... An elementary school teacher argues the profession deserves more pa... This admissions essay about growing up in one of America's 'snobbie... You may soon be doing #Paytmkaro to book unreserved railway tickets TCS won't suffer because of Tata's boardroom battle No crisis for small change: RBI assures The Invisible Hand Cyrus Mistry to remain Chairman of Tata Steel: Report This gaming company is creating mobile games for cricketers like Vi... FORMER WALL STREET EXEC: The right way to invest in the chaos after... Here’s the difference between a button-up and a button-down shirt This is exactly what a hiring manager scans for when reviewing resu... FinanceMarketsYour MoneyWealth AdvisorVideosNEW I learned the meditation technique taking over Wall Street and now ... The 7 biggest threats Trump poses to the environment Goodbye, globalization Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos is suddenly making nice with Trump - there's ... One of Trump's major economic polices could lead to a 'global reces... Not just India, people staying in Singapore and Dubai are facing tr... You may soon be doing #Paytmkaro to book unreserved railway tickets TCS won't suffer because of Tata's boardroom battle No crisis for small change: RBI assures What makes Deepika Padukone India's Wonder Woman This chart will scare anyone worried about the world 'turning Japan... Warren Buffett just turned 86 - here are 14 stunning facts about hi... Animated map reveals who would win the election if only certain dem... 11 details you may have missed on episode 6 of 'Westworld' Here's why Tuesday at 2:30 p.m. ET is the perfect time to buy airli... StrategyAdvertisingRetailSmall BusinessVideosNEW This powerful essay about a painful childhood memory got a student ... 9 tricks for getting people to do what you want A former Harvard admissions interviewer shares the 4 skills everyon... Facebook just bought a tool that publishers use to dominate social ... The 10 things in advertising you need to know today This is what it's like to buy Snapchat's new Spectacles glasses San Francisco just took an unprecedented stand against soda - and i... Adidas and Under Armour are locked in a bitter battle to be Nike's ... Gift cards are a $10 billion waste of money and you should never bu... The Invisible Hand Cyrus Mistry to remain Chairman of Tata Steel: Report This gaming company is creating mobile games for cricketers like Vi... FORMER WALL STREET EXEC: The right way to invest in the chaos after... Here’s the difference between a button-up and a button-down shirt This is exactly what a hiring manager scans for when reviewing resu... LifeTravelNEWFoodNEWEntertainmentVideosNEW Magnus Carlsen is trying to avoid expectations at the World Chess C... See inside the $5.3 million Washington, DC, home that the Obamas wi... How to pick the perfect watch for the office and the weekend 180 countries in 15 months: This 27-year old woman would give you s... The ultimate guide to travel on a tigh-budget Zostel's new hostel in Udaipur will make you want to travel there r... Zomato is planning aggressively, looking to venture into cloud kitc... This ‘hotel for dogs’ will keep your pet while you go on a holiday.... Tea shops are redefining the concept of tea-breaks for corporates b... A New York elementary school has correctly predicted every presiden... An elementary school teacher argues the profession deserves more pa... This admissions essay about growing up in one of America's 'snobbie... Tesla is finally addressing its single biggest problem as a company These new seats show just how much America's airlines have changed The 8 most high-tech SUVs on the market 4 things you should know before you work abroad T-Hub is building the world’s largest startup incubator facility in... 15 important jobs women have yet to hold in the US 'Doctor Strange' continues its dominance at the box office 'SNL' host Dave Chappelle and surprise guest Chris Rock give their ... 'I'm going to give him a chance': Dave Chappelle weighs in on Trump... How to pick the perfect watch for the office and the weekend The best wines under $25 according to a top sommelier A regular guy tries the trendy barre class that women are obsessed ... EntertainmentSportsVideosNEW 'Doctor Strange' continues its dominance at the box office 'SNL' host Dave Chappelle and surprise guest Chris Rock give their ... 'I'm going to give him a chance': Dave Chappelle weighs in on Trump... Cowboys beat Steelers in insane finish that features 3 touchdowns i... Chiefs cornerback Marcus Peters comes up with amazing strip to set ... Broncos beat Saints in wild finish after Denver returns a cotrovers... Nintendo's retro console comes out this Friday — here's everything ... Warner Bros. just dropped the second trailer for 'Wonder Woman' and... LL COOL J: The biggest workout mistakes people make at the gym Sections A-Z India InsiderTrending in IndiaStartupsExclusivesTechEcommerceEnterpriseScience FinanceMarketsYour MoneyWealth AdvisorPoliticsMilitary & DefenseLaw & OrderStrategy AdvertisingRetailSmall BusinessCareersLifeEducationTransportationEntertainment SportsTravelFoods About BI AboutBecome an InsiderContact UsTerms of UseBI GlobalAdvertisePrivacy PolicyWrite For Us Follow BI RSSAlertsFacebookGoogle+TwitterAuthorsVideosNEW More :SnapDealiPhone iPhone 7 salesiPhone 7 PlusiPhone 7Mobile This is where you will get iPhone 7, iPhone 7Plus Rs 10,000 cheaper BI India BureauOct 7, 2016, 12.03 PM FacebookLinkedinTwitterGoogle+Reddit Continue reading If you are trying to figure out how to avail discounts on Apple’s new offerings, iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, Snapdeal has some really good news for. Indian marketplace Snapdeal has formed a partnership with American Express and is offering Rs 10,000 off on iPhone7, 7 Plus. Apple’s iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are available in India at a starting price of Rs 60,000 across multiple platforms. This offer is available only for American Express cardholders and will has gone live. Also, the discount can be clubbed with the on-going exchange offers on Snapdeal on phones and zero cost EMIs. "We have entered into a strategic partnership with American Express and are excited to bring yet another much sought after and iconic product to our customers with an attractive offer," said Snapdeal co-founder Rohit Bansal. The latest version of Apple's smartphone would be available on platforms like Flipkart and Tata CliQ as well. Tata CliQ is offering its customers Rs 10,000 deferred cashback with HDFC credit and debit cards (issued in India). The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB storage variants in silver, gold and rose gold colours. The new jet black colour variant will come only in 128GB and 256GB variants. While the 32GB phone will be available for Rs 60,000, the pricing of the other models has not been disclosed. iPhone 7 features a 4.7-inch display with 3D touch, while iPhone 7 Plus has a 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D touch. Both the smartphones are powered by a new quad-core Apple A10 Fusion processor, which it claims is 40 per cent faster than the previous generation. The iOS 10-powered iPhone 7 sports a 12MP iSight camera and 4K video recording. The iPhone 7 Plus has dual 12MP rear cameras -- one wide-angle and a telephoto lens. Follow Business Insider onfacebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow HP Elite Lounge Know how HP clearly sets itself at the top .. HP Elite x2 - Dressed to kill. Creating new.. Entrepreneurs can now maneuver gracefully w.. NASA is using this laptop to power its inno.. More » More from this author Emotional Modi addressing current money crisis say... You may soon be doing #Paytmkaro to book unreserve... TCS won't suffer because of Tata's boardroom battle No crisis for small change: RBI assures TCS, Reliance, Infosys among the top six companies... Related Stories The iPhone 7 Plus has two cameras - here's why The new Portrait mode for the iPhone 7 Plus camera... Here's why telephoto is the most exciting new feat... Airtel Plays Jio, Gives free unlimited voice calli... Portrait mode is boring, and a bad reason to buy a... I just tried the iPhone 7 Plus on the California c... American Express Is Slashing Thousands Of Jobs REPORT: American Express is breaking up with JetBl... More : SnapDealiPhone iPhone 7 salesiPhone 7 PlusiPhone 7deals on iPhones Promoted Stories Understanding Psoriasis: What It Really Looks Like WebMD How to Pack Light for Any Trip Citi Your 401(k) Isn't Growing as Fast as It Should - Here's Why Mint | Future Advisor Proven Weight Loss Results. Unlimited Streaming Beachbody On Demand QUIZ: Can We Guess Your Highest Education Level? Topix Offbeat Mary Ann Was Stunning in the 60s.. But What She Looks Like.. Definition Comments () Characters Remaining: 3000 SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION X Sort By:NewestOldestDiscussedUp VotedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Recommended Read Explained: How Modi's move to discontinue Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes will exactly put money launderers in a fix Donald Trump becomes the President, here’s how it will affect India PV Sindhu looks absolutely gorgeous on the cover of this magazine LeEco goes from massive global launch in the U.S. to cost cutting programs in China to India becoming the company’s future, all in three weeks HP Elite Lounge Powered by: hp Know how HP clearly sets itself at the top with these 3 new products with revolutionary design and technology HP Elite x2 - Dressed to kill. Creating new, cutting-edge technology has never been this easy and beautiful More » Buzzing Apple just launched a new way to buy an iPhone for cheap Check out Donald Trump's $100 million personal Boeing airliner Help Mridul fight his ultimate battle! Ad: Milaap 10 types of jobs that will make you most welcome in Canada Not just India, people staying in Singapore and Dubai are facing trouble over Modi’s demonetization Subscribe to latest stories Editor's Pick TechPeople in California are calling for a 'Ca... More from Tech Invest in India's most successful real estate project. Ad: LODHA The Park - Worli, Mumbai Entertainment29 celebrities who love and endorse Donald... More from Entertainment StrategyHow to get a shy person to open up to you ... More from Strategy LifeAdidas is selling shoes made out of the pl... More from Life FinanceThe 11 best countries to move to right now More from Finance PoliticsWhy Trump and Clinton's locations are surr... More from Politics Trending on Social Explained: How Modi's move to discontinue Rs 500 and Rs 100... This is what India's business leaders are saying about Modi... 7 productivity secrets I learned from talking to a time-man... 3 ways a Trump presidency will affect Apple Meet Harish Dhandev, the man who became millionaire just by... AdAge Unicorns #AdAgeUnicorns: Mahesh Murthy to Share His Journey on Nov 16 Five Ways In Which Arnab Goswami Changed Indian Journalism The Little Known Side of Arnab Goswami #AdAgeUnicorns: KV Sridhar’s Most Celebrated Work Huffington Post Mumbai Scientists Have Found A Connection Between Mona Lisa, Lord Shiva And Scarlett Johansson Remembering Abdul Sattar Edhi, Pakistan's Richest Poor Man, And His Extraordinary Legacy In Gujarat's Sodhanpur, 46 Upper Caste Men Allegedly Lynched A Dalit Man Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San Diego More » Samsung may start selling Note 7 from Oct 28 as competition rises from iPhone7 and Pixel Why are Smartphones exploding? here’s how you can prevent yours from blowing up The biggest-ever airwave auction in the country has yielded Rs 53,531 crores on Day 1 TRAI to investigate whether Reliance Jio’s free voice offer is predatory for other telcos The biggest airwave auction that will offer very high data speed starts today  Samsung gives Apple a reason to cheer as it delays Galaxy Note 7’s launch in India You can pre-order your iPhone 7 and 7 Plus on Flipkart from tonight Apple had patented a technology that locks phones of people while driving Samsung Note 2 catches fire in Chennai-bound flight 1This is where you will get iPhone 7, iPhone 7Plus Rs 10,000 cheaper 2Samsung may start selling Note 7 from Oct 28 as competition rises from iPhone7 and Pixel 3Why are Smartphones exploding? here’s how you can prevent yours from blowing up 4The biggest-ever airwave auction in the country has yielded Rs 53,531 crores on Day 1 5TRAI to investigate whether Reliance Jio’s free voice offer is predatory for other telcos 6The biggest airwave auction that will offer very high data speed starts today 7 Samsung gives Apple a reason to cheer as it delays Galaxy Note 7’s launch in India 8You can pre-order your iPhone 7 and 7 Plus on Flipkart from tonight 9Apple had patented a technology that locks phones of people while driving 10Samsung Note 2 catches fire in Chennai-bound flight About | Business Insider Global | Advertising | Authors | Write for Us | RSS | Terms | Privacy Policy TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. LIFEHACKER Does The Job Title Really Matter?Tricks to Stop Eating When You are FullSave Money and Look Good Doing It With These ... Why You Should Always Carry Cash When You Go ... Read More GIZMODO Acer Switch 12 review: A good and affordable ... Zuckerberg trashes idea of fake news on Faceb... Apple's Airpods may be coming this year after... Why Leonard Cohen was so great Read More TECHRADAR Major layoffs in tech companies in 2016: Is i... Donald Trump’s victory: Tech giants like Appl... ‘How to convert black money to white’ one of ... Xiaomi Mi Max vs. Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Read More ASKMEN A UFC Fighter Trains Two Porn Stars In MMAScience Reveals Why We Can't Get Catchy Songs... CrossFit Champion Ben Smith Has The Fittest F... Kelee Meditation Read More IGN Mirror's Edge and Mirror's Edge Catalyst now ... New Skyrim patch released, some users report ... Deadpool 3 already being planned, may introdu... Steep: Gameplay of all 4 winter sports Read More ADVERTISING AGE Making Celebrities Accountable For Misleading... Facing Backlash, Paytm Removes Ad Regarding G... #AdAgeUnicorns: Mahesh Murthy to Share His Jo... Walmart India Clocks Revenue & Sales Growth Read More PURSUITIST Tassel Hustle: The Celebrity WayHere’s What Adorns the Walls of Elton John’s ... The Making of Hollywood’s Favourite Sunglasse... Breakfast to Dinner: Mumbai in Three Courses Read More HUFFINGTONPOST The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fa... After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watch... Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900Ringing Bells Wants The Government To Invest ... Read More COURSERA Master Business Fundamentals from WhartonLeadership and Business Skill for Immediate I... Take Big Data from University of California S... Take Machine Learning from University of Wash... Read More PCMAG Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles11 Tinder Tips to Help You Find True Love (or... 17 Netflix Tips to Boost Your Binge-WatchingHands On With Snapchat Spectacles Read More ASKMEN A UFC Fighter Trains Two Porn Stars In MMAScience Reveals Why We Can't Get Catchy Songs... CrossFit Champion Ben Smith Has The Fittest F... Kelee Meditation Read More Techspot Nvidia's revenue grew 54% last quarter driven... Instagram CEO reveals live video is making it... Weekend Open Forum: How much SSD space is in ... HTC Bolt with no headphone jack unveiled Read More Copyright @ 2016. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service. Close Menu Login Hi, | Log Out HP Elite LoungeNew India Insider Trending in India Startups Exclusives Tech EcommerceNew Enterprise Science CareersNew Education Personal Finance Small Business Finance Markets Your Money Wealth Advisor Strategy Advertising Retail Small Business LifeNew Travel Food Entertainment Sports Others Politics Military & Defense Law & Order Transportation
Please try again! TECHRADAR.INTechnology Tested LogoutLoginRegister TECHRADAR.INTechnology Tested TECHRADAR.IN Home News Reviews How to Phones Wearables Apps Cameras Laptops TR Pro More TVs Tablets Components Gaming Computing AV Software Web Trending Android Nougat Pokemon Go Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Reliance Jio iPhone 7 Home» news» world of tech» You are here Final verdict: Samsung on the hook to pay Apple millions Damages owed in long-running patent caseBy Lewis Leong | Oct 8, 2016, 04.43 AM IST FacebookLinkedinTwitterGoogle+Reddit Continue reading An Apple patent lawsuit against Samsung that began in 2011 may have finally reached its end. Today, the US Court of Appeals upheld the lawsuit's original 2014 verdict, awarding Apple $120 million (about £96.5 million, AU$158 million) in damages. The dispute all started over Apple's patents for swipe to unlock, autocorrect and quick links feature. Quick links allowed phone numbers and addresses to automatically be turned into links. Ironically, Apple's latest iOS 10 update got rid of slide to unlock. Victory... Today's decision reinstates a victory that was overturned earlier this year by the US Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. In an 8-3 verdict, the court said that the three-judge panel, the same panel that opposed today's verdict, was wrong to throw out the case in February of this year. "The jury verdict on each issue is supported by substantial evidence in the record," said Judge Kimberly Moore in the court document. This decision is an important one, as it sets a precedent for Apple's smartphone patents. Some competitors might have to re-engineer their unlock methods, autocorrect systems and quick links, or risk a costly lawsuit with Apple. ...for now As we've come to expect with these two, the Apple vs Samsung battle isn't over yet. This latest court decision comes less than a week before the US Supreme Court considers Apple's case against Samsung for copying the design of its iPhone. In August, over 100 renowned designers from around the world, including Calvin Klein, Dieter Rams and Alexander Wang, filed an amicus brief in support of Apple. The designers claimed that a product's visual design has "powerful effects on the human mind and decision making processes." The brief cites a 1949 study that showed 99% of Americans could identify a Coca-Cola bottle by its shape alone. Samsung argues that Apple's generic smartphone design shouldn't have been allowed to be patented in the first place. Tech giants including Dell, Facebook, Google and HP argued in favor of Samsung in their own amicus brief. This will be a seminal case, according to The New York Times, as the US Supreme Court hasn't heard a design patent case in over a century. Stay tuned for more on that verdict. iOS 10 tips and tricks Via Bloomberg Tags: world of tech Samsung Phones patent newstrack lawsuit Apple vs Samsung Apple Follow Techradar onfacebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to TechradarWrite for Us More from this author Beyerdynamic DT 1990 Pro V-Moda Forza Project Scorpio: everything we know about Microsoft's 4K-ready Xbox How to watch the 2016 US presidential debates Noontec Zoro II Wireless Related Stories Apple requests Samsung patent retrial over claim for billions, not millions Samsung will make more slim, metal phones to fight back against Apple Apple iPhone VR headset discovered in recent patent This new Apple Watch patent could upgrade your handshake Nvidia picks up patent infringement club, beats Samsung with it Apple files patent for a new ‘paper bag’ Patent row blocking Apple Watch sales in Switzerland Join the discussion with Techradar India Characters Remaining: 3000 Share on Twitter X Sort By:NewestOldestDiscussedUp VotedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Trending on Techradar ‘How to convert black money to white’ one of the most popular searches on Google India Xiaomi Mi Max vs. Lenovo Phab 2 Plus How to photograph the moon: an easy way to shoot moon pictures full of detail Editor's Pick Everything you need to know about the OnePlus 3T and why it’s not the OnePlus 4 Will self-driving cars ever be a mainstream reality? Android snatched 87.5% of the smartphone marketshare in Q3 2016 Gallery Got a new Rs 2000 note? 5 best gadgets you can buy under 2K Comments Top 5 Air Purifiers in India Comments 5 Best Apps of 2016 Comments Why smartphones have become stagnant Comments Subscribe to latest stories Trending on Social Still using your Galaxy Note 7? Here's what Samsung is doing now Trending on Facebook Do the new ₹2000 notes have in-built Nano-GPS chips technology? Trending on Facebook 70 common Windows 10 problems and how to solve them Trending on Facebook AdAge Unicorns #AdAgeUnicorns: Mahesh Murthy to Share His Journey on Nov 16 Five Ways In Which Arnab Goswami Changed Indian Journalism The Little Known Side of Arnab Goswami #AdAgeUnicorns: KV Sridhar’s Most Celebrated Work Promoted Stories Recommended By Colombia Huffington Post The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fans' After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watches Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900 Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San Diego Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Could brainwaves replace your passwords? Symptoms of Parkinson's disease can be detected from keyboard use Race to Mars: Boeing vows to beat Musk to the red planet Bagels and buns: The research that won the 2016 Nobel Prize for Physics explained After the Paralympics comes the tech-fuelled 'Cybathlon' Toyota has created a tiny robot designed to tug at your heartstrings Nobel prize in medicine awarded to Yoshinori Ohsumi for ground-breaking cell repair research The tech of Westworld Mankind vs machine: Can our bodies keep up with the evolution of gadgets? 1Final verdict: Samsung on the hook to pay Apple millions 2Could brainwaves replace your passwords? 3Symptoms of Parkinson's disease can be detected from keyboard use 4Race to Mars: Boeing vows to beat Musk to the red planet 5Bagels and buns: The research that won the 2016 Nobel Prize for Physics explained 6After the Paralympics comes the tech-fuelled 'Cybathlon' 7Toyota has created a tiny robot designed to tug at your heartstrings 8Nobel prize in medicine awarded to Yoshinori Ohsumi for ground-breaking cell repair research 9The tech of Westworld 10Mankind vs machine: Can our bodies keep up with the evolution of gadgets? More from techradar newstrack TRBC Apple Phones Microsoft TRBCFeature phonescarousel Computing Google phonescarousel phonescarousel android gaming Software Samsung Smartphones Wearables galleryarticle Howto iPhone windows 10 Internet Tablets Sony laptops video phonescarousel IOS Apps Facebook security world of tech audio visual LG Amazon TRBCExtra Netflix Streaming iPad Connect with Us About us Privacy Contact Us Authors Terms of Use & Greivance Policy TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. BUSINESS INSIDER Emotional Modi addresses current money crisis... Not just India, people staying in Singapore ... These 13 movies had editing errors that you m... Here’s why most ATMs are out of cash and woul... Read More LIFEHACKER Does The Job Title Really Matter?Tricks to Stop Eating When You are FullSave Money and Look Good Doing It With These ... Why You Should Always Carry Cash When You Go ... Read More GIZMODO Acer Switch 12 review: A good and affordable ... Zuckerberg trashes idea of fake news on Faceb... Apple's Airpods may be coming this year after... Why Leonard Cohen was so great Read More ASKMEN A UFC Fighter Trains Two Porn Stars In MMAScience Reveals Why We Can't Get Catchy Songs... CrossFit Champion Ben Smith Has The Fittest F... Kelee Meditation Read More IGN Mirror's Edge and Mirror's Edge Catalyst now ... New Skyrim patch released, some users report ... Deadpool 3 already being planned, may introdu... Steep: Gameplay of all 4 winter sports Read More ADVERTISING AGE Making Celebrities Accountable For Misleading... Facing Backlash, Paytm Removes Ad Regarding G... #AdAgeUnicorns: Mahesh Murthy to Share His Jo... Walmart India Clocks Revenue & Sales Growth Read More PURSUITIST Tassel Hustle: The Celebrity WayHere’s What Adorns the Walls of Elton John’s ... The Making of Hollywood’s Favourite Sunglasse... Breakfast to Dinner: Mumbai in Three Courses Read More HUFFINGTONPOST The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fa... After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watch... Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900Ringing Bells Wants The Government To Invest ... Read More COURSERA Master Business Fundamentals from WhartonLeadership and Business Skill for Immediate I... Take Big Data from University of California S... Take Machine Learning from University of Wash... Read More PCMAG Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles11 Tinder Tips to Help You Find True Love (or... 17 Netflix Tips to Boost Your Binge-WatchingHands On With Snapchat Spectacles Read More Techspot Nvidia's revenue grew 54% last quarter driven... Instagram CEO reveals live video is making it... Weekend Open Forum: How much SSD space is in ... HTC Bolt with no headphone jack unveiled Read More IGN Mirror's Edge and Mirror's Edge Catalyst now ... New Skyrim patch released, some users report ... Deadpool 3 already being planned, may introdu... Steep: Gameplay of all 4 winter sports Read More Copyright @ 2016. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service. x Subscribe for latest stories
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Contact SFGate Customer Support Submissions & Tips Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants News Bay Area & State Education Traffic Nation World Politics Crime Election Results Obituaries Smell the Truth Peaceful, positive protesters decry Trump in SF, Oakland The 6 most surprising things from Donald Trump's '60 Minutes' Crowds disrupt traffic in San Francisco following another day of Veterans Day Parade at Fisherman’s Wharf draws thousands Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Warriors overcome sloppy defense in win over Suns 49ers take step forward in last-second loss to Cardinals 49ers’ Jimmie Ward gets Larry Fitzgerald’s admiration, jersey 49ers’ Colin Kaepernick says voting would be hypocritical Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Blizzard plans ‘Overwatch’ league with video game fans This week: Guns, Facebook death scare, Trump’s no-fly zone For sale: old Levi’s, Chipotle burgers, lightly used trade deal Facebook’s domination of social media continues Entertainment The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events Puzzles TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do ‘Loving’ a strong drama about a landmark case The latest from Dear Abby Women a focus of 14th SF South Asian Film Festival Broadway tour’s fresh take on Maria in ‘Music’ Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating The Saratoga opens in the Tenderloin The Mission’s La Victoria plots a bar: Santo Kenzo opens next week in Napa, with menu that starts at $225 Bay Area breweries with the best thirst-quenching tours Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities 14 fresh ways to mix vintage style into a modern home Read a California student's letter to Donald Trump 9 of the weirdest classic Thanksgiving recipes The Chronicle has Baby animals are here to soothe your troubled mind Travel Destination BC Whistler Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Exotic Destinations Snow Rick Steves: Communicate even if you don’t know the lingo Stargazing in Lake County Anderson Marsh: 1 state park preserves 3 histories One day, one place: Lake County’s Kelseyville Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: Remodeled home offers smart and stylish additions There are more rich renters in SF than homeowners Walk-through: Contemporary Victorian in Cole Valley Escape to the Cape without leaving SF with this sunny, shingled Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car An Artfully Performing SUV 1955 Beardmore Taxi A mid-size fuel saving hybrid without a plug Nurse finds adventure in ’66 Porsche Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Know why you need to develop self-awareness Shape up your resume to open more doors of opportunity Know how to ace an executive interview When reading your resume, the first 20 seconds count for Video Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Thomas Lee Matier & Ross C.W Nevius Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler The ultimate NorCal brewery map Top 100 Restaurants Warriors show their style off the court MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/New-FBI-chief-in-S-F-was-key-figure-in-iPhone-9951150.php New FBI chief in S.F. was key figure in iPhone hack Associated Press Published 4:16 pm, Friday, October 7, 2016 Photo: Eric Risberg, Associated Press Image 1of/2 Caption Close Image 1 of 2 FBI Special Agent Jack Bennett is the bureau’s new leader in San Francisco. He is a former drug investigator who developed expertise in technology. FBI Special Agent Jack Bennett is the bureau’s new leader in San Francisco. He is a former drug investigator who developed expertise in technology. Photo: Eric Risberg, Associated Press Image 2 of 2 In this photo taken Tuesday, Sept. 27, 2016, FBI Special Agent Jack Bennett answers a question while posing in one of the bureau's modernized offices in San Francisco. The FBIs new leader in San Francisco is a former drug investigator who developed expertise in technology that put him at the center of the governments effort to unlock an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino shooters. Bennett now has oversight responsibilities for Silicon Valley. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) less In this photo taken Tuesday, Sept. 27, 2016, FBI Special Agent Jack Bennett answers a question while posing in one of the bureau's modernized offices in San Francisco. The FBIs new leader in San Francisco is ... more Photo: Eric Risberg, Associated Press New FBI chief in S.F. was key figure in iPhone hack 1 / 2 Back to Gallery Special Agent Jack Bennett was at the FBI’s computer investigation lab in Quantico, Va., on a Sunday in March when an outside company showed the bureau how it could hack into an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino shooters. The tool would end the FBI’s high-profile fight with Apple over access to the phone, but Bennett said there was no celebration. “There wasn’t high fives, and there weren’t people singing down the hallways,” he recalled. “It was very much business. ‘OK, let’s move forward to the next steps. Let’s get on the phone. What do we need to do to purchase the tool?’” The iPhone fight exposed a rift between the FBI and Silicon Valley technology companies over encryption, and it sparked a debate about the right balance between privacy and national security. Bennett, 52, was a key figure in that battle as head of the bureau’s digital forensics labs, which extract evidence from computers and other devices and were tasked with accessing the San Bernardino shooter’s phone. Bennett is now in charge of the agency’s San Francisco division, where he views his role, in part, as trying to bridge the divide between Silicon Valley and the FBI. He took over as special agent in charge of San Francisco in May after nearly 30 years in law enforcement. He started his career as a narcotics investigator with the Georgia Bureau of Investigation and did a stint with the Drug Enforcement Administration eradicating cocaine smuggling operations in South America. He has investigated child sex crimes and animal rights extremists for the FBI and previously served as an assistant special agent in San Francisco. “The U.S. government sometimes loses sight of what is important to corporations ... and privacy is incredibly important,” Bennett said during a recent interview at his office, where a Thompson submachine gun like the type used by agents in the 1930s sits in a glass display case on a coffee table. Still, he was unapologetic about the bureau’s desire to access the phone. “We were pretty surprised that this turned in such a way that it became this national debate,” Bennett said. “It was never intended to be. ... We were trying to get on one phone because we had 14 murdered people.” The fight between Apple Inc. and the FBI centered on the work-issued iPhone 5C of Syed Rizwan Farook, who with his wife killed 14 people at a 2015 holiday gathering of county workers. The U.S. Justice Department demanded that Apple create software to bypass security features on the phone. Apple CEO Tim Cook said the FBI was asking his company to create a “back door” that could be used to unlock other phones, exposing customer data. Agreeing to the FBI’s demand would set a dangerous precedent that could lead to other calls for Apple’s help to obtain private information, Cook said. Apple vowed to fight a judge’s order granting the FBI’s request. The two sides were gearing up for a court battle when the Justice Department announced in March that it found a way to potentially get into the phone without Apple’s help. News organizations sued the FBI in September to learn who the government paid and how much it spent to hack into the phone. Bennett declined to say who helped the FBI, though he said the business was among a number of U.S. and international companies that approached the bureau with potential solutions. FBI Director James Comey has hinted that the agency paid more than $1 million for the tool. Investigators found nothing of significant value on the phone, Bennett said. He disputed that the FBI was asking Apple for a tool that could access other iPhones, calling it a “one-shot deal.” Bennett’s desire to build a stronger relationship with Silicon Valley companies is laudable, but the two sides might never agree about encryption, said Denelle Dixon-Thayer, chief legal and business officer at Mozilla, which makes the Firefox Web browser. “We can still have some healthy tension,” she said. “I think that’s positive.” Ted Schlein, a venture capitalist with Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers who invests in computer security firms, said Bennett’s technology background could help the bureau make better decisions about what to ask of Silicon Valley companies and how to get their help. Bennett acknowledged technology firms and the FBI might continue to disagree over data access, but said the need for dialogue will remain. “There are absolute, good reasons why companies have concerns about cooperating with the FBI. But there are also opportunities we should be able to talk to each other,” Bennett said. “What’s comfortable for a private corporation that will still provide an investigator the ability to stop or prevent a terrorist attack, a missing child or a national security incident?” Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. ANTI-TRUMP PROTESTS IN BAY AREA Crowds shut down parts of Market Street Peaceful Trump protesters form human chain around Lake Merritt Trump on protests: 'That's only because they don't know me' Conway: It's up to Clinton, Obama to calm Trump protesters Latest News SJ police officers escape injury after suspect opens fire Kaepernick says voting would be hypocritical UC Berkeley police investigate election-related hate crime Warriors overcome sloppy defense in win over Suns Air New Zealand offers election-sick Americans $399 flights Highway 1 reopened at Devil's Slide after fire Suspect in killing of Stanislaus County sheriff deputy in custody Investigation: UC Berkeley professor sexually harassed student Report: Trump unfamiliar with president's duties at Obama meeting 6 most surprising things from Trump's '60 Minutes' interview Trump tells supporters to stop harassment Trump names alt-right media owner to senior White House role Monday's supermoon extra super; closest in nearly 69 years New theory of moon formation proposed Biden memes on Trump give America much-needed laugh Chappelle and Rock give hilarious take on election night 49ers take step forward in last-second loss to Cardinals 49ers CB gets Fitzgerald’s admiration, jersey after tough duel Today's Gate Features Veterans Day Parade in SF draws thousands The lowest-paying college majors Remodeled home offers smart and stylish additions SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Your pearly whites will glow with this high-tech electric... Enjoy the taste of summer year round with this smokeless... Most Popular 1 Joe Biden memes are giving America a much needed laugh 2 Report: Trump was unfamiliar with the scope of the president's... 3 Hillary Clinton's lead in popular vote could grow to more than... 4 Peaceful, positive protesters decry Trump in SF, Oakland 5 Crowds disrupt traffic in San Francisco following another day... 6 Forget Canada, Air New Zealand is offering election-sick... 7 49ers take step forward in last-second loss to Cardinals 8 The Latest: Trump has phone conversation with China's leader 9 Trump names Priebus, Bannon to senior White House roles 10 Kellyanne Conway: It's up to Clinton, Obama to calm anti-Trump... View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Member Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Slashdot Stories Firehose All Popular Polls Deals Submit Search Slashdot Login or Sign up Topics: Devices Build Entertainment Technology Open Source Science YRO Follow us: RSS Facebook Google+ Twitter Newsletter Slashdot is powered by your submissions, so send in your scoop   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close binspamdupenotthebestofftopicslownewsdaystalestupid freshfunnyinsightfulinterestingmaybe offtopicflamebaittrollredundantoverrated insightfulinterestinginformativefunnyunderrated descriptive typodupeerror Check out the new SourceForge HTML5 internet speed test! No Flash necessary and runs on all devices. × 86611477 story A French Company is Suing Apple To Open the iPhone To Rival Browsing Engines (recode.net) 72 Posted by msmash on Friday October 07, 2016 @06:00PM from the lawsuit-calling dept. A French maker of open-source software said Friday it is suing Apple in an effort to get the company to make iOS more supportive of Web standards. Nexedi is suing Apple under French law in hopes it can force Apple to allow rival browsing engines onto the iPhone. From a report on Recode:Although Apple allows rival browser apps, such as Google's Chrome, on to the iPhone, the'y all have to use Apple's Web rendering engine. That means the ability to draw on the latest Web standards is is limited to whatever Apple decides to include. That means some newer technologies, like the WebM video standard and the WebRTC protocol for real-time communications, can't be made to work in an iOS browser even though they work in nearly all other browsers. "We hope [this lawsuit] will help Apple to sooner support the latest Web and HTML5 standards on its iOS platform -- the operating system used by all iPhones," Nexedi said in a blog post, which also explains the more granular details of how technology works and what needs to change, in their estimation. apple html5 lawsuit ← Related Links → FBI Looks Into Unlocking Minnesota Mall Stabber's iPhone Class Action Lawsuit Grows Over iPhone 6 Plus 'Touch Disease' Law-Defying Transistor Smashes Industry 'Limit', Measures Just 1nm This discussion has been archived. No new comments can be posted. A French Company is Suing Apple To Open the iPhone To Rival Browsing Engines More Login A French Company is Suing Apple To Open the iPhone To Rival Browsing Engines Archived Discussion Load All Comments  Full  Abbreviated  Hidden /Sea Score: 5 4 3 2 1 0 -1 More Login   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close Close Search 72 Comments Log In/Create an Account Comments Filter: All Insightful Informative Interesting Funny The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. Why should they? (Score:3, Insightful) by Anonymous Coward writes: on Friday October 07, 2016 @06:11PM (#53035149) Just because you want another poorly coded standard as a way to track people, and allow exploit code to run? No thanks. Share twitter facebook linkedin Re:Why should they? (Score:5, Insightful) by Anonymous Coward writes: on Friday October 07, 2016 @06:27PM (#53035197) Safari is holding the web back much like IE6 did when Microsoft refused to upgrade it. Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Re:Why should they? (Score:4, Informative) by Anonymous Coward writes: on Friday October 07, 2016 @06:46PM (#53035281) The latest version of Safari (10) is 100% compliant with ES6. Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re:Why should they? (Score:5, Insightful) by Impy the Impiuos Imp ( 442658 ) writes: on Friday October 07, 2016 @07:57PM (#53035561) Journal Then don't buy Apple. Buy Android, like I did. Dang, people. Freedom isn't hard to understand. Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:2) by leptons ( 891340 ) writes: This isn't about buying an iOS device vs. buying an Apple device. This is about iOS apps making more money than Android apps, and developers being forced to develop iOS apps if they want to make money, and Apple's anti-competitive practices. 2 replies beneath your current threshold. 2 replies beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Security... (Score:3, Insightful) by Anonymous Coward writes: on Friday October 07, 2016 @06:22PM (#53035171) Apple has said time and time again the issue is security-- making a sandbox isn't fucking easy. Despite whether that's good or bad, it's hard to do right. There's very little chance with the exception of Mozilla or Google proper making a secure (not massive security hole of a) browser for iOS. Not gonna happen (for a few years at least). Not in France, not in the us, not anywhere. Well I could see Apple doing this but on the proviso if you have a security hole that compromises the phone-- you owe them a billion dollars. Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: Security... (Score:3, Insightful) by Anonymous Coward writes: Unix has had sandboxing since forever with chroot. BSD jails have existed for more than a decade. These days, Linux has both lxc and systemd application level sandboxing (which is attained via cgroups, I believe). This isn't the middle ages. How hard is it to sandbox a fucking browser, really? Re: Security... (Score:4, Informative) by molarmass192 ( 608071 ) writes: on Friday October 07, 2016 @08:29PM (#53035665) Homepage Journal Ok, but chroot != sandbox, it's not really even sandbox-lite. A sandbox is complete process isolation, almost full virtualization, not just obfuscating the system root. I say almost because the process doesn't have to include it's own OS. Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:2) by Plumpaquatsch ( 2701653 ) writes: linux also has a sandbox application, separate from chroot. "A sandbox application"? Do you even know what we are talking about here? Re: (Score:3, Interesting) by ls671 ( 1122017 ) writes: Hmm, chroot needs to include its own OS or at least the parts you need to run said chrooted process unless compiled statically and still. This would make it more than sandbox lite according to your definition. chroot is viewed as less secure as bsd jails because it wasn't designed for a security purpose in the first place. I have a slackware pure 64 bits, no compat 32 what so ever. I chroot to a 32 bits full install and everything runs smoothly for legacy 32 bits apps. Granted, only one kernel runs, 1 /sys /pr Re: (Score:2) by TheRaven64 ( 641858 ) writes: Granted, only one kernel runs, 1 /sys /proc, etc., which is "less isolated" than a qemu vm but lets you run on bare metal for specific applications. If stuff is actually running, then there's probably a /dev in the chroot as well. And if there's anything running as root, then it's trivial to mount /dev and escape from the chroot. It sounds as if you're using chroot for exactly its intended purpose: running applications that don't necessarily work with the host system libraries and tools. There was never intended to be any serious attempt to prevent an attacker from escaping from a chroot. Re: (Score:2) by ls671 ( 1122017 ) writes: Actually, you can give access to what you want, /dev, /proc, /sys... or not as you wish. Letting anything run as root in a chroot when using it as a mild isolation technique is a big no-no and has always been. chroot can still be used as a mild isolation technique if you know what you are doing. That's why I mentioned that privilege escalation can happen even in VMs. Damn, I remember back in the days, logging in a system as guest and getting root in 30 seconds with an xterm exploit. Privilege escalation is th 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:3) by TheSync ( 5291 ) writes: There are other risks as well, such as Android's default Web browser lets attackers spoof the URL shown in the address bar [computerworld.com], allowing for more credible phishing attacks. Re: Security... (Score:5, Informative) by TheRaven64 ( 641858 ) writes: on Saturday October 08, 2016 @05:58AM (#53036865) Journal First, chroot isn't a sandbox. For desktop applications, it isn't even useful isolation because you have a big attack window via the IPC to the display server. That said, iOS uses the TrustedBSD MAC framework (also in FreeBSD - Apple funded the development of both), which allows very fine-grained resource control to processes. The entire sandboxing framework is based on this. Second, the grandparent doesn't really mean sandboxing, he means compartmentalisation (which depends on some isolation primitive). Process-based isolation is fine when your threat model is different levels of trust for different processes. In a web browser, that isn't the case. Your tab browsing some random site needs to be strongly isolated from the other tab that contains your webmail login. Ensuring that this isolation is really present and not leaky is a very hard problem. Even that isn't really enough: if someone sends you an image as an email attachment and there's a vulnerability in your copy of libpng that allows arbitrary code execution, it doesn't really help you that the attacker can't compromise any other tabs: they already have the high-value target. Beyond that, mobile Safari also has some quite neat tricks. It makes use of execute-only memory for the JavaScript engine. On startup, it reserves a range of memory for the JIT code emission and generates a special memcpy that copies data into an offset within that address range. It then deletes all copies that the process holds of the base address and marks the special memcpy as execute-only, so there is nowhere in readable memory that contains the address range where JavaScript code will run, making it almost impossible to exploit gadgets placed in JIT'd JavaScript code. That said, no security is perfect and a monoculture is a good way of turning a vulnerability into a pandemic. If you have 4 different browsers with approximately equal market share, it's a lot harder to exploit all of them. This is why Verisign uses a mixture of FreeBSD and Linux with 3 different DNS server implementations on their root nameservers: If you want to take down their root zone, you need a to have a compromise for at least two DNS servers and for both operating systems. Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:2) by Karlt1 ( 231423 ) writes: How has all that Unix/Linux security worked out for Android? Re: (Score:2) by DeVilla ( 4563 ) writes: Android has been exploited by the vendors. User's security was not the goal. Think windows 10. Re: (Score:2) by SvnLyrBrto ( 62138 ) writes: In general, that's true. But oddly enough, there are some sites that Firefox can handle just fine but drop out in both Safari and Chrome. My company's web portals to Peoplesoft and SAP are the first two that come to mind. I can login with any browser. But they work correctly only on Firefox. When I mentioned this to the SAP help desk, they told me the site is "optimized for IE 6" (Seriously, WTFH? This was in 2014, not 2002!.) and that if I'd already upgraded, there was a tool on the IT public shared 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Hmmm... (Score:2) by jenningsthecat ( 1525947 ) writes: Interesting. This might turn into a crack in the garden wall. It might even be a harbinger of more cracks. Given its history in such matters, I suspect the French government won't side with Apple. Apple might end up having to comply, if only under the "you're voiding your warranty and cutting yourself off from manufacturer support" caveat that comes with rooting an Android device. Then again, they might just say "Sorry France, no more Apples for you"... Re: (Score:3) by brantondaveperson ( 1023687 ) writes: But the world is full of devices on which you can't just install whatever software you like. If a lawsuit like this succeeds, then what does that mean for all those devices? Will all manufacturers of computing devices have to provide SDKs for them? And remove whatever cryptographic restrictions have been placed on them? That would certainly make for a pretty interesting world. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Because previous legislation against Microsoft.... (Score:4, Insightful) by Anonymous Coward writes: on Friday October 07, 2016 @06:37PM (#53035249) Well they should... or who doesn't remember the "N" SKU for Windows that prevented the instant bundling of Internet Explorer? Microsoft had to develop a separate version of Windows XP, etc. and beyond to meet this standard that stripped out the "preferred" browser that came with Windows in Europe and other regions. This allowed those users to choose and install the browser(/rendering engine) of their preference instead of being defaulted into the browser packaged with their operating system. Why should Apple be given a golden ticket and allowed to skip over such similar legislation? This is not that much different. Peace out. Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:3) by tlhIngan ( 30335 ) writes: Well they should... or who doesn't remember the "N" SKU for Windows that prevented the instant bundling of Internet Explorer? Microsoft had to develop a separate version of Windows XP, etc. and beyond to meet this standard that stripped out the "preferred" browser that came with Windows in Europe and other regions. This allowed those users to choose and install the browser(/rendering engine) of their preference instead of being defaulted into the browser packaged with their operating system. Why should Appl 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by Plumpaquatsch ( 2701653 ) writes: You probably can. But you would lose quickly on the basis that you can if fact swap a ford engine into a Toyota if you really want you. In the same way that you can put another browser engine onto an iOS device if you really want to. Case closed. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:3) by TechyImmigrant ( 175943 ) writes: Are the Developers being forced to make web browsers? Are They being forced to make browsers for iPhones? Are They being forced by Apple? You really didn't grasp the gist of the complaint did you? 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. This would destroy Apple's walled garden... (Score:2, Interesting) by Assmasher ( 456699 ) writes: ...because you could deploy apps without the App Store. Let's hope this happens! :) Re: (Score:2) by Karlt1 ( 231423 ) writes: So while we are at, should we also force Sony, Microsoft, and Nintendo to open up their respective consoles? Re: (Score:2) by Assmasher ( 456699 ) writes: Who is stopping you? WebKit is Open Source - So why not help improve it (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: So if the compatient's beef is that WebKit [webkit.org] doesn't support the "latest" HTML5, WebM, "whatever is hot today" standard. Why not actually help improve the WebKit engine, since you know, its Open Source. They can first begin by first reading the Getting Started [webkit.org] page. And for those individuals that want to know the Licensing WebKit [webkit.org] page indicates that "WebKit is open source software with portions licensed under the LGPL and BSD licenses." Is WebKit the best rendering engine under the sun, not really, but then no 2 replies beneath your current threshold. It's javascript engines Apple doesn't allow. (Score:3, Informative) by Henriok ( 6762 ) writes: on Friday October 07, 2016 @08:03PM (#53035577) Apple are allowing other web rendering engines. They just aren't allowing engines running arbitrary code on their plaform. That includes Java, Flash, JavaScript and emulators. It's the "running arbitrary code" that's the problem, not rendering web pages or showing WebM movies. You are allowed to make such apps. Share twitter facebook linkedin Re: (Score:1) by drinkypoo ( 153816 ) writes: Apple are allowing other web rendering engines. They just aren't allowing engines running arbitrary code on their plaform. That includes Java, Flash, JavaScript and emulators. It's still hard for me to believe Apple has really built a cellphone empire on turning a general purpose computer into a limited purpose computer. I guess this is what comes of not teaching programming in schools. Re: It's javascript engines Apple doesn't allow. (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: When iPhones first came out, everyone thought Apple was crazy and that native-code apps (Appke at first tried to assuage security concerns by allowing only HTML5 apps) would be phoning Nigeria and 1-900-KGB-DOOD to charge users fraudulently. AT&T took a lot of convincing to get them to agree to a phone with ObjC apps as opposed to just HTML applets. No phone company wanted that kind of security nightmare. The current restriction against running arbitrary downloaded code (no JS engines, which is what thi Re: (Score:2) by drinkypoo ( 153816 ) writes: When iPhones first came out, there was no App Store, there was no native-code apps, and everything was HTML. Touch events were introduced at that time. Right, the carriers didn't want the masses of asses running arbitrary code on their phones. Yes, cellular phones could already run apps. But they also had extraordinarily limited computing environments. Most phones' ability to run externally developed software was restricted to some Java MIDlets, and typically a given phone would only implement a subset of the available APIs, usually a fairly small one. The phone literally wasn't capable of running any apps that were a threat to the network; even if you got Re: (Score:2) by drinkypoo ( 153816 ) writes: The iPhone was not significantly (or even at all) more powerful than the smartphones that were popular at the time it was launched. Uh, what? Yes, yes it was. The dominant devices were ~200MHz single-core flip phones. The opinions of mobile network companies were not relevant. The only way they were involved was with the weird monopoly scheme Apple was trying to pull of. Ah, the past looks so simple from your perspective, because you weren't paying attention. Apple had to kiss carrier ass to make those deals at first. Later, when the iPhone proved it would shift units, the situation was reversed. Re: (Score:2) by BasilBrush ( 643681 ) writes: What you are talking about is feature phones, and in America maybe that's about as much as you had. In Europe we had full smartphones years before th iPhone. The Market leader was Nokia phones running Symbian OS, which had full apps written in C++. For 7 years before iPhone. 2 replies beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by Dog-Cow ( 21281 ) writes: Today, you're correct that Apple doesn't have to rely on the carriers' good graces to sell usable phones. But that's because we've had 9 years of the iPhone to show carriers that they'll lose out on a lot of data charges if they don't allow iPhones on their network. When Apple was making deals in 2006-2007, they had to find a carrier that would permit them on the network to begin with. Both Apple and AT&T made out like bandits, but one of the things Apple had to give up was selling the phone on other 2 replies beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by Guidii ( 686867 ) writes: Apple’s App Store policies state: “Apps that browse the web must use the iOS WebKit framework and WebKit Javascript.” Source: http://www.howtogeek.com/18428... [howtogeek.com] Re: (Score:2) by thegarbz ( 1787294 ) writes: That's like saying I don't ban motorcycles, I only ban engines under 1.4L. The technicalities are different but the effect is the same. An alternate rendering engine which can't do javascript is as useless as useless as teats on a bull. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Vale Firefox OS (Score:2) by ChunderDownunder ( 709234 ) writes: A web browser and universal app platform rolled into a phone OS. Winning was not so much market share but 'keeping the bastards honest'. But, to summon the app app luddite apps guy, a platform without software is stillborn and the mobile web stagnates... Perhaps if management at Google loosened the strings, they'd release a spin of Chrome OS as a ROM for Nexus/Pixel devices - a web device with Android app support. 8 replies beneath your current threshold. There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead. Related Links Top of the: day, week, month. 761 commentsApple Cites 'Courage' As Reason To Remove 3.5mm Headphone Jack 678 commentsCompany Creates Gun That Looks Like a Cellphone 673 commentsPhil Schiller Says the MacBook Pro Doesn't Need an SD Card Slot 596 commentsDOJ Threatens To Seize iOS Source Code 595 commentsTaking the Headphone Jack Off Phones Is User-Hostile and Stupid next Law-Defying Transistor Smashes Industry 'Limit', Measures Just 1nm 66 comments previous FBI Looks Into Unlocking Minnesota Mall Stabber's iPhone 99 comments Slashdot Top Deals Slashdot Archived Discussion Moderate Moderator Help Delete Get more comments 72 of 72 loaded Submit Story Programmers used to batch environments may find it hard to live without giant listings; we would find it hard to use them. -- D.M. Ritchie FAQ Story Archive Hall of Fame Advertising Terms Privacy Opt Out Choices About Feedback Mobile View Blog Trademarks property of their respective owners. Comments owned by the poster. Copyright © 2016 SlashdotMedia. All Rights Reserved. Close Close Slashdot Working...
Log in Sign up Login with Facebook Login with Google Go Advanced News Reviews Phones Home News Blog Reviews Comments (76) Post your comment Apple awarded $119.6 million in reinstated court decision 07 October 2016 After years of back-and-forth between Apple and Samsung, the US Court finally came to a verdict in the case of Samsungs accusation of copying a few methods and features from the iPhone. Apple is to be awarded $119.6 million for Samsungs infringement of patents for slide-to-unlock, autocorrect, and the method used to detect phone numbers for tap-to-call functionality. The lawsuit originated back in 2011 with the Samsung Galaxy S in which Apple alleged that Samsung infringed on 10 of Apples patents across a span of four continents at one point in time. The initial $119.6 million verdict was thrown out by a three-judge panel back in February. The U.S. Court of appeals ruled 8 to 3 for the case to be reconsidered. The decision Friday comes less than a week before the U.S. Supreme Court considers another case Apple had filed against Samsung. That case, to be argued Tuesday in Washington, focuses on how much Samsung should pay for copying patented designs for Apples iPhone. Check out the full report from Bloomberg. Source | Via Share Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com All brands | Privacy | Terms | Contact us Desktop version
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Here we go again: FBI has yet another terrorist’s iPhone that it can’t unlock Yoni Heisler BGR NewsOctober 7, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share In 2016, the FBI and Apple engaged in a widely reported public relations battle over iPhone encryption. As a quick refresher, the FBI was unable to unlock an iPhone 5c belonging to Syed Farook, one of the perpetrators involved in a 2015 terrorist attack in San Bernardino, California. In turn, the FBI wanted Apple to create a custom version of iOS that would allow them to bypass the device’s lockscreen. Apple strenuously objected, with Tim Cook even going so far as to say that the FBI wanted Apple to create the software equivalent of cancer. Now, many months later, a similar sequence of events has developed. According to a report from Wired, the FBI is currently having trouble accessing a locked iPhone that belonged to Dahir Adan, the terrorist who went on a stabbing rampage at a mall in Minnesota where he attacked 10 people before an off-duty cop managed to kill him. DON'T MISS: Leak reveals major design changes coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 In a statement to reporters, FBI special agent Rich Thorton said that the FBI is “in the process of assessing our legal and technical options to gain access to this device and the data it may contain.” Thornton didn’t say in the press conference what model iPhone Adan owned or what operating system the device ran. Both are key factors in whether the FBI will be able to get past its security measures. That’s because beginning with iOS 8 in 2014, iPhones and iPads have been encrypted such that not even Apple can decrypt the device’s contents, even when police or FBI serve a warrant to the company demanding its help. Of course, the FBI paid big bucks for a software solution to access Farook’s phone and it remains to be seen if that same solution can be utilized in this case. All the same, the iPhone in question shouldn’t be thought of as impregnable, especially with more and more security companies touting their abilities to access data residing on any locked iPhone and Android device. Trending right now: This insane bezel-less screen might be a taste of things to come from the iPhone 8 Google is letting Verizon ruin its new Pixel phones Leak reveals major design changes coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Polls Show Hillary Clinton Leading Donald Trump in Election’s Final Days Fortune iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech All the Photoshops of this photo of Donald Trump and Barack Obama are perfect BGR News New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Business/Mobile BusinessMobile It’s official: Samsung owes Apple $120 million By Todd Haselton | October 7, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Despite Samsung’s attempt to appeal, a court recently said that the company does indeed need to pay Apple $120 million in damages. That’s the fine levied against the Galaxy-maker by a jury in the spring of 2014, when Samsung was found guilty of infringing on an Apple patent. The patent involved slide-to-unlock technology. Funny enough, Apple doesn’t even employ that, now simply requiring users to press the home button to unlock their smartphone. Another fine is included in the total $119.6 million owed by Samsung, though the other is minimal at $158,400 and relates to camera technology, Reuters said. Keep in mind this is also separate from a different ruling in which Samsung already forked over $548.2 million for infringing on Apple’s design patents. Source Reuters Todd Haselton Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Login All Reviews Editorials News iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Tips iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 Podcasts MGG 631: The Odd Couple Episode TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-11: Interview with TMO's Bryan Chaffin View All Results → X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection Apple Leather Case for iPhone 7, Same Style with Better Buttons View All Reviews → Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users View All Editorials → Artificial Intelligence Research, Unintended Consequences and Sex John Martellaro @jmartellaro Oct 7th, 2016 5:25 PM EST | Particle Debris Research into Artificial Intelligence will evolve into many more applications than asking Amazon’s Echo how many teaspoons are in a tablespoon. Or driving an autonomous car. As the technology expands in its capabilities and applications, we’ll be confronted with massive social change. How will Apple, for example, both serve us and meet competitive challenges? Back in August I referenced a terrific article by Steven Levy about Apple’s development of Siri. “Siri and Apple’s Machine Learning Are About to Get a Lot Better.” Author Levy was given an inside look at what Apple is doing with machine learning and the transformation of Siri. The interview was likely granted because there had been a lot of press about artificial intelligence (AI), and Apple’s traditional secrecy made it appear that Apple wasn’t doing much. Plus, the Amazon Echo was getting a lot of press, and Apple has had nothing equivalent. Even if competing with the Echo is not in Apple’s plans, it certainly seemed like a good idea to reveal to author Levy that a lot of good things are happening at Apple with AI. Humble Servants. For Now But the scope and prognosis for AI has sweeping implications for our culture, far beyond a little cylinder that can order more cereal or play music on demand. We’re just geting started. And while Marc Andreessen points out (article #1 below) that the Amazon Echo project consumed 1,500 engineers for four years, the evolution of technology ensures that future projects will be far grander in scope but use merely equivalent resources. This week I’ve been reading about the unintended consequences of AI. Instead of just one major article, here’s my reading list. Venture capitalist Marc Andreessen explains how AI will change the world Westworld-style sex with robots: when will it happen – and would it really be a good idea? 4 Ways Every Business Needs To Use Artificial Intelligence Exponential Intelligence: Microsoft Is Building the First AI Supercomputer One theme of these articles is that AI is being developed because it can make big money. Right now, applications are fairly primitive—the kinds of things you can do with Siri, Cortana or Alexa. As that technology evolves, there will be new applications that may or may not directly serve the consumer on a small scale. For example: Unintended Consequences Persuasion. Robo callers that use a vast library of historical data and psychological techniques to sell or persuade politically will be used. “Robo” used to mean robotic-like phone dialers. In the future, people who are unprepared could be manipulated by vastly intelligent AI Robos into a variety of legal and illegal schemes. Drones. Independent, armed law enforcement drones are conceivable. Unless strict legislation intervenes, various governments could find it convenient and efficient to use AI drones for patrol and arrest, pending arrival of a human police officer. Sexual surrogates. Article #2 above goes into considerable ethical detail about human sex with androids. A licensed psychiatrist providing a prescription for a sex surrogate is one thing. However, the purchase of a commercial android sentient enough to be pleasing and have a mind of its own is conceivable. What would be the legalities of a rape by the human? Courts. AI agents that can scan case law on behalf of attorneys are likely. How will the legal system be affected by AI agents that are skilled enough to battle each other? Does an accused without great financial resources have a right to an AI agent of equal prowess as that owned by a government? Local and Federal Law. AI agents could scan and digest municipal laws on behalf of a citizen. Imagine a (hypothetical) case where where Siri, having just absorbed every law on file in the state of Colorado and the city of Denver advises: “I see you’re about to use Apple Pay to purchase six pounds of fertilizer. The purchase of more than 5 pounds is illegal.” Will Siri cancel the transaction? If the customer insists, will (should) Siri report the violation of the law? International Relations. Could a day come when the president, plus staff, the Secretary of State and Defense might consult an AI agent on the impact of certain foreign policy decisions? As is often the case, (for example chess) smart decisions can appear illogical on the surface. How would the U.S. President explain certain decisions to the American people that appear offensive but are, in fact, effective and brilliant? Questions for Apple We’re just at the beginning of the commercial exploitation of AI agents. The questions I have are: Will Apple build personal AI agents that are designed to protect us at all costs? This is related to the recent issues raised in the conflict between the FBI and Apple over encryption. What happens when we humans no longer understand what each side in the encryption battle is up to? How will Apple’s research lend itself to dealing with the AI industry at all levels? That is, will Apple limit it’s vision or, instead, become embroiled in the highest level of effort that only tech giants like Amazon, Google, Microsoft can afford? As businesses of all kinds begin to utilize AI agents of lesser capability, will Apple’s AI work be able to properly defend us? Should there be a law that says AI agents of a certain class of sophistication (to be defined) cannot approach a human with out his/her own AI representative? The articles I’ve listed above go into many more issues. But perhaps, before I get a serious headache, it’s time to move on. Next page: The Tech News Debris for the Week of October 3rd. Why we shouldn’t laugh at the AirPods. Pages: 1 2 Next Page Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Tags: AI, AI agent, AirPods, Apple, OLED One Comment Add a comment aardman October 8, 2016 Pardon the duplication, I’m reposting a comment that I meant to put in this article. The problem with voice recognition, and this just happened to me with iMessages when I tried it again having reading this article, is if you use a new word, it makes a mistake and you have to correct it manually. That defeats the purpose of using dictation. Okay, it’s too much to ask the app to know something it hasn’t heard before, but there must be a way to make the correction also through the voice interface. Now that seems to be a big problem for a silicon mind, how does iMessages’ natural language interface distinguish between a command and actual text without reserving words that signal that a command or text is about to follow? Humans easily make this distinction in conversation. A steno easily figures out if what she is hearing is text to be transcribed rather than an aside. And if she makes a mistake, it is easily corrected through conversation. She easily infers intent, she has a good idea of what’s in the head of the person giving dictation. I think this is a challenge that pervades all of AI: inferring idiosyncratic intent. There is a much reproduced experiment in psychology (a field notorious for irreproducible experimental results) where they show that humans, down to 2 years old even, understand the concept of ‘people other than myself have their own thoughts and own sets of knowledge’ and, more importantly, can make accurate guesses of what another person is thinking of and knows. Earlier this week, news came out that this experiment was run on bonobos, chimps and orangutans and the key finding is that they also exhibit this ability. (Well maybe not to the extent that we do.) Here… https://today.duke.edu/2016/10/falsebeliefs As far as I know computers can’t do this, and as long as they don’t, AI systems will not be able to do the Star Trek-like things that people hope they can do in the future. October 8, 2016 at 3:36 EST PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? John Martellaro | November 11, 2016 Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Bob LeVitus | November 9, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $108.43 +0.64 (0.59%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Apple Offers Refurb iPhone 6s/Plus on Apple Store Starting at $449 Recent Tips See All » iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 iOS 10.2: How to Disable Always On Live Photo iOS 10.2 Beta Brings Star Ratings Back to Music App Mute/Unmute Apple Watch Activity Reminders in watchOS 3 Recent Editorials See All » Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users 4921 John Martellaro columns-opinions 1 1475861102 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Tips iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 Podcasts MGG 631: The Odd Couple Episode TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-11: Interview with TMO's Bryan Chaffin View All Results → X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection Apple Leather Case for iPhone 7, Same Style with Better Buttons View All Reviews → Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users View All Editorials → TMO’s Apple AirPods Earbud Alternatives Roundup Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Oct 7th, 2016 4:08 PM EST | News Apple’s AirPods wireless are set to ship some time in October, but that doesn’t mean you have to wait to get your hands on—or ears in—fully wireless earbuds. The Mac Observer found some options worth checking out, and they’re all available today. Apple’s AirPods aren’t the only wireless earphone option for iPhones We got our first look at AirPods in September when Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. The latest iPhone models don’t include a 3.5mm headphone jack, so Apple offered up two of its own solutions for music listening: the Lightning connector EarPods included with the new phones, and the totally wireless AirPods which earned a thumbs up from TMO’s Bryan Chaffin. SmartOmi Boots Like Apple’s AirPods, the SmartOmi Boots are completely wireless, meaning there isn’t a wire connecting them to your iPhone, or a wire between the two ear pieces. They’re IPX7-rated waterproof and sweat proof, support Siri voice commands, last for five hours of music playback or phone calls, and sport a 200 hour standby time. You can use one at a time, or together they offer stereo sound. The SmartOmi Boots are priced at US$72.99 on Amazon. SmartOmi Boots Rowkin Bit Charge You won’t find any wires connecting the Rowkin Bit Charge Wireless Headphones to your iPhone. They’re IPX5-rated waterproof and sweat proof, can be used individually or together for stereo sound, and can pair with two devices so you can play games on your iPad and answer calls on your iPhone without changing connections. You’ll get three hours talk and music playback time, and the included case packs its own batter for up to 15 earbud recharges. The case also includes a USB port so you can charge other devices, like your iPhone. The Rowkin Bit Charge Wireless Headphones cost $129.99 on Amazon. Rowkin Bit Charge EARIN M-1 The EARIN M-1 Wireless Earbuds are designed to give you great sound without any wires, but doesn’t include a microphone, so you won’t be making phone calls or telling Siri what to do. You get three hours of music playback time, and the included charger case lets you juice up three times for up to 12 hours of total listening time. They’re surprisingly comfortable to wear and most people won’t notice you’re wearing them. The EARIN M-1 Wireless Earbuds cost $199 on Amazon. EARIN M-1 Plantronics BackBeat GO 3 There’s a special kind of freedom you feel when using totally wireless earphones, but that’s not everyone’s style so the Plantronics BackBeat GO 3 earn an honorable mention. They include multiple ear tip sizes, inline mic and playback controls, are sweat proof, and sport a 6.5 hour battery life for playback and include a charger case for up to 13 hours of music time. They connect to your iPhone via Bluetooth, but are tethered with a wire. The Plantronics BackBeat GO 3 are priced $129.99 on Amazon. Plantronics BackBeat GO 3 Jaybird X2 Another honorable mention goes to Jaybird’s X2 Sport Wireless Bluetooth Headphones. Like Plantronic’s headphones, the X2 connects to your iPhone via Bluetooth, but the earbuds are strung together with a wire that includes a built-in microphone and playback controls. You get eight hours playback time between charges, several ear insert sizes, plus they’re sweat proof and offer great sound quality. You can pick the Jaybird X2 on Amazon for $99. Jaybird X2 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Tags: Bluetooth, headphones, iPhone, wireless Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? John Martellaro | November 11, 2016 Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Bob LeVitus | November 9, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $108.43 +0.64 (0.59%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Apple Offers Refurb iPhone 6s/Plus on Apple Store Starting at $449 Recent Tips See All » iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 iOS 10.2: How to Disable Always On Live Photo iOS 10.2 Beta Brings Star Ratings Back to Music App Mute/Unmute Apple Watch Activity Reminders in watchOS 3 Recent Editorials See All » Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users 4906 Jeff Gamet news 0 1475856516 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV October 7 GOOG: 775.08 -1.78 9to5Toys Lunch Break: Fitbit Charge 2 $120, Bluetooth Audio Dongle $8, more Stephen Hall - 1 month ago @hallstephenj Android 9to5Toys 9to5Toys Lunch Break View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Fitbit’s latest fitness trackers – the Charge 2 $120 and Flex 2 $80 – are each on sale for 20% off at L.L.Bean iPhone 7 owners! Pick up Mpow’s Bluetooth dongle for $8 and wirelessly stream to your speakers or headphones Grab the 9.7-inch iPad Pro 32GB WiFi (Refurb) at the lowest price we’ve seen: $420 (Orig. $600) Apple’s 21-inch 4K iMac has a beautiful display, save $199 today: $1,300 shipped (Reg. $1,499) Take $569 off Apple’s high-end 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro: $1,930 shipped (Reg. $2,499) The A-to-Z Programming Language Bundle (Learn C, Java, Python, Google Go, much more): $39 ($413 value) | 9to5MacAcademy Design your own official Apple Magic Mouse & Keyboard in any color w/ this exclusive discount code MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Get the Kmashi 10,000mAh power bank for $9 or the 15,000mAh for $13 Prime shipped wp.me/p1xTlR-WoY https://t.co/S5iqcBplSY— 9to5Toys (@9to5toys) October 07, 2016 Add Foscam’s R2 1080p Wireless IP Camera to your setup for just $90 (Reg. $130) Games/Apps: Madden NFL 17 $40 or less, iOS freebies, more Gooloo USB Wall Charger + 2-in-1 USB-C & Micro USB Nylon Cable $6, more iRig Pro iOS/Mac audio interface ships with Lightning cables: $88 (Reg. $130+) iSmartAlarm Home Security System $100, Fitbit Charge HR (Refurb) $70, more Wrangle your falling leaves with GreenWorks Electric Cordless Blowers $119 Shop designer fashion for up to 75% off at the Nordstrom Clear the Rack event Dyson Air Multiplier fans in Amazon’s Gold Box, priced from $120 eBay Columbus Day Sale extra 20% off home goods Epic Best Buy sale knocks 25% off rarely discounted tech accessories Get a $100 iTunes Gift Card for just $85 with email delivery from PayPal Get some free money with up to 20% off Gift Cards + free email delivery Grand Theft Auto iOS Sale: San Andreas $3, Vice City $2, more IMPOSSIBLE ROAD minimal arcade racer free for the first time (Reg. $3) True Skate: one of the best skate sims for iPhone/iPad just went free (Reg. $2) MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Control your outlets w/ a smartphone or Alexa: 2-pack TP-LINK Wi-Fi Smart Plugs $45 shipped ($60 value) The Bose SoundLink II Bluetooth Headphones have never been less at Amazon: $229 (Reg. $280) You can now pick up a pair of Audio-Technica ATH-M20x Pro Headphones for just $29 shipped (Reg. $49) Samsung’s 70-inch 4K Smart Ultra HDTV for $1,499 Samsung Radiant R3 Speaker $180 (Reg. $220) LEGO Star Wars kits: Ewok Village $219, more Motorola Moto 360 Bluetooth SmartWatch $70 Score $1 MP3 Albums from Van Halen, more SentrySafe 500 Fire-Proof Home Safe for under $20 Save 20% off your order of $50 at L.L.Bean Garmin VivoActive GPS Smartwatch (Refurb) for $80 Office Supplies: 3-Pack Pilot Gel Pens from $2, more Gerber Bear Grylls Camping/Hunting Knife for $29 WORX 20V Electric Blower/Vac $66 (Reg. $100+), more Amazon rolling out $30-$50 Kindle E-reader Prime discounts 5TB Seagate USB 3.0 Drive $110 (Reg. $130) Widescreen monitor: Dell 29″ $280 or LG 27″ $150 Amazon Prime Reading with thousands of free books Save 30% on your next Starbucks Store order OtterBox iPhone 7/Plus cases up to 31% off at Amazon Hoover Air Cordless Lift Bagless Upright Vac: $140 (Reg. $250) RTIC stainless steel travel mugs: 30 oz. Tumbler $13, more EGO Power+ 56V Cordless Electric Mower $185 (Reg. $300) Amazon’s Tap Portable Bluetooth Speaker for $100 Logitech Circle Wireless 1080p Security Camera: $150 Samsung 750 EVO 500GB Solid-State Drive for $120 Aukey Optic Pro 3-in-1 Lens Kit $11 (Reg. $17), more LEGO Airport Air Show Building Kit for $72 + more from $7 The Nextbit Robin 32GB 4G Smartphone: $175 (Reg. $250+) The Wonderful Wizard of Oz as a free Kindle download LIFX Smart Wi-Fi Connected LED Light Bulbs $40, more Amazon 15% off Optimum Nutrition: 5 lb. Whey Gold $48 Get one free month of  Marvel Unlimited ($10 value) Sperry’s Surprise 30% off sale: boat shoes, hoodies, more NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: The iPhone 7 has an incredible camera, but ExoLens wants to make it even better Sony’s new camera can shoot a mind-numbing 24 RAW images per second Rimac’s electric bike offers 150 miles of range at an affordable price per charge Gate combines nearly every smart home feature in a minimalistic deadbolt lock Leafboard promises to be the “lightest and most affordable” electric skateboard on the market LEGO shows off three new Batman Movie-inspired sets before New York Comic Con You’ll finally be able to own a pair Nike’s self-lacing Air Mag shoes … if you’re lucky Drobo integrates USB-C into its ‘world’s first’ self-managing DAS system Mophie introduces new modular iPhone 7/Plus case system with a battery pack, wallet, more Toyota’s cute Kirobo Mini Robot listens to your emotions and keeps you company on long trips Klever has unveiled a new line of electric bikes with an ultra-quiet design and impressive speed Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide 9to5Toys View THe Guide 9to5Toys Lunch Break View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple wins $120 million appeal in Samsung copycat patent case Apple says Samsung infringed on patents for 'slide to unlock' and autocorrection, among others US appeals court on Friday reinstated a $119.6 million verdict Is latest twist in a series of patent cases between the smartphone giants By Afp Published: 13:07 EST, 7 October 2016 | Updated: 20:38 EST, 7 October 2016 e-mail 24 shares A US appeals court on Friday handed Apple a victory in one of its battles with rival Samsung, reinstating a $119.6 million verdict for the iPhone maker for patent infringement. In the latest twist in a series of patent cases between the smartphone giants, the Federal Circuit Appeals judges ruled 8-3 in a rehearing of the case, reversing a panel of the same court in February. Apple's lawsuit contends that Samsung infringed on patents for 'slide to unlock' and autocorrection, among others. Apple's lawsuit contends that Samsung infringed on patents for 'slide to unlock' and autocorrection, among others GLOBAL TRUCE  Samsung and Apple decided in 2014 to drop all patent disputes outside the United States, marking a partial ceasefire in a seemingly relentless legal war between the world's two largest smartphone makers. The companies have battled in close to a dozen countries, with each accusing the other of infringing on various patents related to their flagship smartphone and tablet products. Friday's ruling said Samsung failed to prove that some of the Apple innovations were 'obvious' and thus not able to be patented. The opinion also said the court must defer to the decision of the jury when in doubt. 'Even in cases in which a court concludes that a reasonable jury could have found some facts differently, the verdict must be sustained if it is supported by substantial evidence on the record that was before the jury,' Judge Kimberly Moore wrote for the majority. Apple asked for an 'en banc' rehearing of the case -- before all the appeals court judges -- following February's decision to toss out the award. Apple had sought some $2.2 billion at trial, only to have a jury award the California-based company $119.6 million. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Apple wins $120 million appeal in Samsung patent case Facebook launches 'party app' to keep track of your events -... The DIY smartphone microscope that lets you play Pac-Man and... How to cut a cake: Mathematicians reveal the technique to... Share this article Share 24 shares In February, the panel of judges ruled that Samsung did not infringe on one of the Apple patents and that the remaining two, which involved auto-correct and slide-to-unlock features, were not valid. APPLE VS SAMSUNG IN SMARTPHONE SALES  SpecOut | Graphiq Neither company responded to requests for comment. The case is separate from another suit in which Samsung was ordered to pay $548 million for patent infringement to Apple and whose appeal is set for a hearing next week in the US Supreme Court Samsung and Apple decided in 2014 to drop all patent disputes outside the United States, marking a partial ceasefire in a seemingly relentless legal war between the world's two largest smartphone makers. The companies have battled in close to a dozen countries, with each accusing the other of infringing on various patents related to their flagship smartphone and tablet products. Share or comment on this article e-mail 24 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Havelock resident shocked as he films earthquake hitting NZ Trump supporter spews ignorant racist rant at young woman Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Mother kicks her young child out for voting Trump in school Michael Moore tries to meet with Trump at Trump Tower Clinton makes final appearance at campaign headquarters Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing Nigel Farage avoids questions as he enters Trump Tower Malcolm Turnbull accuses Lisa Wilkinson of 'interrogating' him SNL mocks government shutdown with Gravity skit Terryfing video of ground shaking as earthquake hits Christchurch Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... FBI 'ran 23 child pornography sites in a bid to lure and... 'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon... Hillary's last hurrah: Clinton greets her campaign staff one... 'Kill the police!' Anti-Trump protesters chant death threats... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... So much for restraint! Trump launches a Twitter rant at the... Trump gives wide-ranging first TV interview as... Destructive tsunami waves hit New Zealand's South Island... Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business... 'Oh my God, I think America is racist!' Dave Chappelle is... Reince Priebus AND Steven Bannon will lead Trump's White... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read World's tallest tropical tree is found in Borneo - and it's as tall as THREE blue whales stacked end to end  A doorway to another world? Alien hunters say they have found a 'monolith' or 'entrance' on Mercury in... Could TRITIUM hold the key to unlimited energy? Government to test radioactive material in radical fusion... Russia unveils killer robots that can seek and shoot humans from more than FOUR miles away From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife... Were YOU killed off by Facebook? 'Terrible error' memorializes user's accounts and tells friends they are... How well do YOU know your emoji? Researchers find just one in five of us are experts - and you can take the... How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications The astonishing claims over the final resting place of Jesus: Why Japan, India and Glastonbury have all been... How Donald Trump tweeted himself into the White House: Academics say uncensored tweets were key to... UN climate talks dominated by fears Donald Trump will derail $100 billion plan launched by Hillary Clinton... Top secret X-37B military spaceplane could be turned into a lifesaving 'astronaut ambulance' Is this part of a secret spy satellite? Mysterious chunk of 'Chinese' space debris crash lands in Myanmar Now that's a bright idea! Street lights powered by FOOTSTEPS make their world debut in Las Vegas  Girls respond worse to stress than boys because a region of their brain shrinks - and experts say it could... MORE HEADLINES A doorway to another world? Alien hunters say they have found a 'monolith' or 'entrance' on Mercury in latest bizarre claim From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife Photography Awards revealed How well do YOU know your emoji? Researchers find just one in five of us are experts - and you can take the test to find out if you're one of them The ultimate guide to the biggest supermoon in living memory: MailOnline reveals how to watch the stunning spectacle on Monday How we spot snakes quickest: Humans are 'wired' to recognise the reptiles over less dangerous animals How slimeballs slither: Watch the bizarre 'slimelapse' that reveals gelatinous molds creeping for food  How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications Could TRITIUM hold the key to unlimited energy? Government to test radioactive material in radical fusion reactor Russia unveils killer robots that can seek and shoot humans from more than FOUR miles away Soaring hospital admissions, mass insomnia, pets going wild - as tonight sees the biggest moon for 70 years... Is this proof a full moon drives you loony?  Medieval GIANTESS is found in a Polish cemetery: 7ft 2in woman had a traumatic life full of disease and injury Meet Bear-yoncé! Dancing bear twerks it out in hilarious trailer for hit BBC series Planet Earth II Were YOU killed off by Facebook? 'Terrible error' memorializes user's accounts and tells friends they are dead - and even Mark Zuckerberg was hit How Donald Trump tweeted himself into the White House: Academics say uncensored tweets were key to persuading voters  MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Vacation heating up  Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Booty-ful day at the beach! RHOM star Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid reveals she posed as Playboy's Miss July 2015 with a botched breast augmentation 'Were just too big'  'He wants to make America great again... and chicken fingers': The Daily Show jokes Trump's speechwriter could easily be a kid Sponsored Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin 'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  Megyn Kelly opens up to Dr Phil about the 'sexual harassment' she suffered at hands of Roger Ailes and how Trump once 'screamed' at her  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight 'I'm going to be a daughter': Ivanka Trump denies she will be part of her father's administration in first televised interview since election victory  Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Nicole Kidman reunites with To Die For co-star Casey Affleck for Variety's Actors on Actors taping Reunion 21 years after film was released  Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends  American Civil Liberties Union dinner in Beverly Hills  Looked gorgeous  'You started it': Kenya Moore and Shereé Whitfield hurl nasty insults over home renovations on Real Housewives of Atlanta  Feisty friction  She's ripped! Former model and author Kelly Bensimon, 48,  wears torn blue jeans while out with teenage daughter Thadeus in New York City More Fergalicious than ever! Fergie's got legs for days in behind-the-scenes footage from new video Life Goes On  Black Eyed Peas beauty posted racy clip  No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Arrived at the Roosevelt Hotel SPOILER ALERT: Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about his 'daughter' Judith on The Walking Dead He is everyone's favorite post-apocalypse dad  'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star wore an eccentric outfit  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape She's a real page turner! Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in LA Loked comfortable and stylish RHOM's Gina Liano accidentally takes a swipe at fellow reality lawyer Anna Heinrich for posing nude for a magazine cover in her 30s after doing the same at 50 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup She wore an itsy-bitsy peach bikini! Australian The Bachelor's Noni Janur barely covers her modesty in her tiny G-string swimsuit as she hits Bondi Beach Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Nikki Reed looks radiant in floral patterned frock as she cuddles up to Ian Somerhalder at Unlikely Heroes event in Dallas Was a hostess at event Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40 million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body Fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger admits he has 50 of the SAME outfit and doesn't wear the preppy sportswear from his own brand   Dressed in smart suits  Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Arrived statuesque and Golden  The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals More vacation antics  Resurrected! Dave Chappelle plays Negan in Walking Dead skit while hosting SNL... as well as a half dozen of his most famous characters Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Bella Thorne, 19,  is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Rocked two outfits  'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon chokes up as she foregoes comedy and performs rendition of late Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah on SNL EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot Turned heads with her racy poses  Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor showed off his biceps Bear Grylls backs down on his plans to build 25 beach huts at a Welsh beauty spot after angering locals Was in retreat about plans for 25 beach huts From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on chat show On British television  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on lifelong fatherhood aspirations He always wanted a baby Just Jane, for now: Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split 'I was a bit of a bastard': Rock and roll legend Phil Collins ADMITS to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' It's fash-cone, darling! Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat as she steps out in chilly NYC Wrapped up warm against the weather  Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Had arrived from London Blac Chyna's mom Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive... after second grandchild is born A very generous side Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA  Crossed paths! Andrew Garfield and runs into ex-girlfriend Emma Stone at Variety Studio Actors on Actors event in LA  Was it awkward? People wanted to kill me, says Harry's girl: Meghan talks to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and her most embarrassing TV moment to date  The Firm out in force: Kate and the Queen bring out their princes for a star-studded Festival of Remembrance at the Albert Hall  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot The security specialist Fired Billy Bush eyes up a comeback 'to run Hollywood coverage on Trump campaign CEO's Breitbart website' following election win Disgraced host  Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London   Was speculation she would meet family Where's Meghan? Harry cheers on England at Twickenham but there's no sign of his new girlfriend (and he is sitting next to Princess Charlene of Monaco)  Happyness pursued: Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his day hard at work  Photograph that Taylor Swift claims is evidence that radio DJ 'reached under her skirt and groped her' is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Is on board of charity  In the navy! Jennifer Garner, 44, is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of star-studded  Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Wowed on arrival Calling the shots! Katie Holmes, 37, puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival Showed off her movie 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet The baby already has an Instagram account  Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital Seen in LA EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  She is 37 From a modest home  to the future First Lady: Melania Trump is the daughter of a car parts salesman - but she always dreamed of a jet set lifestyle  Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  A royal plea She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online She addressed the criticism  Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time Over the moon at family's new addition  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey Singer had broken down in his home state  Former Today show host Billy Bush is 'being courted by Breitbart to run their Hollywood coverage following Trump's victory' Comeback? Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle Died at her home in California  Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York All bundled up for a day in the city  'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber Quality family time  Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Partnered with Natalie Portman for event What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Hilary Duff showcased her killer abs  Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in Los Angeles  Her due date is getting close  Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Grey's Anatomy alum Katherine Heigl, 37, shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Fox news anchor under fire for a pro-Trump Facebook post that slammed Obama for making 'the entire country hate one another' Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack  It's Sgt Pepper's lost stars club band: Inspired by the iconic Beatles album cover, a touching tribute to list of celebrities who have died in 2016  'Bottoms up': Australian model Annabella Barber posts Kardashian inspired belfie... as model strips down to her pants for raunchy TOPLESS photo Film-maker Michael Moore calls on Donald Trump to STEP DOWN as President-elect - before joining thousands of protesters in the streets  She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror  Ripped female bodybuilder with an incredible 'ZERO per cent' body fat shows off her trim physique but sparks debate over whether she's healthy 'You can never be too careful with your safety':  Delta Goodrem reveals her stalker fear after she went to EXTREME lengths to lose a following vehicle Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood on Friday night 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Almost Famous star  Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon Married couple took in the scenery  Red hot! Australia The Bachelor's Rachael Gouvignon sets pulses racing in teeny bikini... as busty star goes for a swim after a run along the beach   REVIEW: Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Hotly anticipated  'I feel like I did after 9/11': Robert De Niro shares his anger following Trump's victory  He previously said  Trump is 'a punk' Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays her toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves the gym in LA The 21-year-old in-demand model  'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over two-year-old daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Already has a catwalk bug  Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event The 41-year-old redhead tried out a new look alongside co-stars  Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee donned Nike trainers Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose 'A little fishing with my guy' Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip On vacation  Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  A political twist  Help is on the way! Supergirl, The Flash, and Arrow unite for the biggest crossover event in CW superhero history It's in an epic four-day event Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The 30-year-old former O.C. star was unmissable  Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars The 43-year-old actress was beaming Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Working hard to make a name for herself  Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Jamie Oliver continued his pride in sweet snap Showstopper! Mariah Carey sizzles in sexy skin tight jumpsuit and animal print heels for night on the town The 46-year-old was in Los Angeles  Trump gets the last laugh: Alec Baldwin WON'T play The Donald on this week's SNL - and could ditch the part forever Won't reprise role  'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Her own demonstration Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil The First Lady freezes in time as LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers take on Mannequin Challenge during visit to the White House and get Michelle Obama to strike a pose Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned $13MILLION in one year' through endorsement deals Big bucks Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Showed off their understated style in NYC 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee The Young Mummy blogger says that in spite of the stretch marks, the excruciating pain and the migraines, she feels 'on top of the world' while expecting 'I am for reals sick': Amy Schumer postpones Baltimore show after 'heartbreaking' Clinton defeat Will return at later date   Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles The two-time Academy Award nominee  Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian 'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip The F1 champ Their romance is developing at an astonishing pace, and now Prince Harry's love is in London... is this the weekend Meghan is welcomed into the heart of the Royal family?  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards in Cannes Sharp suit  Shameless star Steve Howey 'berated Muslim nanny when she prayed in his home while his wife made her look at penis pics of A-list actor she was having an affair with', claims lawsuit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Can someone actually stop the motormouth? Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical The final curtain for the 'Godfather of gloom': Footage surfaces of Leonard Cohen's last EVER performance in New Zealand almost three years ago 'Never too late for a late post': Khloe Kardashian robs boyfriend Tristan Thompson's camouflage jacket to pose on Veteran's Day From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Trump gives wide-ranging first TV interview as President-elect and opens up on abortion, same-sex marriage, Obamacare and tells divided America: 'Don't be afraid'  1.5k comments 4 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Welcome, Guest Log in | Register Home   Slideshows   Blogs   IT Downloads   Research Center   Newsletters   Sponsored Content IT Management   Data Center   Cloud   Careers   Mobility   Security   Enterprise Apps   Social Media   Big Data   Internet of Things Home      Blogs      Data And Telecom      Samsung Buys AI Company From Siri Developers Related Content Topic :  HTC  Handset manufacturer founded in 1997 Blog :  Apple Struggles in India Article :  Review: PlayBook Tablet OS 2.0 Samsung Buys AI Company from Siri Developers Carl Weinschenk |   Data and Telecom   |   Posted 07 Oct, 2016          |         |     Share Artificial intelligence (AI) is a hot topic. The latest news is that Samsung is acquiring the AI and personal assistant platform Viv, which was developed by the trio that created Siri for Apple. TechCrunch says that Dag Kittlaus, Adam Cheyer and Chris Brigham sold their initial entry to Apple in 2010 and founded Viv two years later. Viv will continue to operate as a separate company. The two pillars of the platform are its interconnected nature and the programmability of its backend systems.  The latter capability is particularly intriguing: Viv calls this “dynamic program generation,” and it allows Viv to understand the intent of the user and to create programs to handle tasks on the fly, even if it’s never heard that particular one in the past. Millennial Smartphone Use Continues to Grow Any time it seems that video consumption on smartphones couldn’t go up any more … it goes up. Part of the reason is that folks find new ways to use their devices. NPD Group this week released research that found that the percentage of millennials surveyed by the firm using their phones for video calling rose from 42 percent to 56 percent. The percentage using it for shopping has risen from 49 percent to 59 percent, and for video streaming, from 31 percent to 40 percent. Commentary in the press release says that device use continues to move from computers to smartphones. There is nothing new in that, of course. The important takeaway for businesses is that the millennials they hire may perform better if allowed to use these devices. Carriers need to keep bulking up their networks, too. Gartner: Device Sales Sink Again Gartner said that combined shipments of devices – including PCs, tablets, smartphones and other form factors – will fall 3 percent this year. That, according to the firm, is the second straight year of decline. The fall off this year is far greater than in 2015, according to eWeek. Last year, the market fell by only 0.75 percent. The return to single digit growth is not expected to happen “anytime soon.” Both of those categories are predicted to have single-digit growth. The five years ahead are expected to be flat. The silver linings this year, according to Gartner, are premium ultramobile devices and entry-level mobile phones. DDoS Attacks on IoT Devices: Very Scary One of the great fears of the Internet of Things (IoT) is that the skills and insight of crackers (malicious hackers) are ahead of those of the people trying to defend the devices. Those fears could be close to playing out in the real world. Deepak Puri, the founder of SkilledAnalysts, posted a commentary at Network World describing the grim reality of distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks on IoT sensors. Puri lays out a four-step process in which IoT devices are captured, subverted, activated and attack targets chosen by the crackers. This seems no different from other DDoS attacks. What is different, however, are the sheer number and weakness of these targets: Millions of vulnerable IoT devices make it easier for hackers to assemble the firepower needed for a DDoS attack. IoT device manufacturers keen to lower costs often neglect security provisions. This neglect causes widespread harm and hampers longer-term IoT growth. It’s hard to update a vulnerable IoT device with better safeguards once it’s been installed. Puri describes the problem and suggests what devices crackers may go after. What he doesn’t offer – because he can’t – is an easy way to address the problem. Is Samsung Digging a Deep Hole for Itself? On Wednesday, a Galaxy Note7 caught fire and forced the evacuation of a Southwest jet in Louisville. Nobody was hurt. Samsung had replaced faulty Galaxy Note7s because of incidents such as this. The disturbing thing for the company is that the phone that caught fire reportedly was one of the replacements. If it turns out that the device indeed was one of the replacements, it is a big problem for the vendor. It is bad enough to issue faulty phones in the first place, but not successfully replacing them creates an even more serious credibility issue. Carl Weinschenk covers telecom for IT Business Edge. He writes about wireless technology, disaster recovery/business continuity, cellular services, the Internet of Things, machine-to-machine communications and other emerging technologies and platforms. He also covers net neutrality and related regulatory issues. Weinschenk has written about the phone companies, cable operators and related companies for decades and is senior editor of Broadband Technology Report. He can be reached at cweinsch@optonline.net and via twitter at @DailyMusicBrk.            |         |     Share Add Comment      Leave a comment on this blog post Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled. Post a comment  Your name/nickname  Your email  WebSite  Subject (Maximum characters: 1200). You have 1200 characters left.     Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Property of Quinstreet Enterprise. Sitemap | Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | About Us | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright © 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2014 Quinstreet Inc. All right reserved.
null
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any... Daily Deals: Amazon Echo $120, 23-inch HP display $87, and more   skip to main content skip to main menu     Battery cases for your new iPhone 7 By Cody Lee, Oct 7, 2016 Tweet 11 Comments Apple says the iPhone 7 gets up to two more hours of power over the iPhone 6s, and the iPhone 7 Plus gets an additional hour over its predecessor. But folks wanting true all-day battery life, or erratic all-weekend battery life, are still going to need some help. That’s where battery cases come in. A battery case can double (or more) your iPhone’s battery life. There aren’t a ton of them available for the new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus yet, but we’ve put together a list of some solid options based on price and customer feedback. Apple Smart Battery Case for iPhone 7 You can’t have a battery case roundup without including Apple’s Smart Battery Case. It extends your iPhone’s battery life up to 26 hours of talk and 22 hours of Internet use on LTE. Its humpback design received some initial criticism, but I think it’s growing on people. It’s not too bulky, and you get the compatibility/reliability reassurance that it was made by Apple. You can buy the Smart Battery Case for iPhone 7 for $95. Note: we initially linked to Amazon because the case was a little cheaper and offered free [Prime] shipping, but it looks to be out of stock. Of course you can always find it at Apple.com. ZVOLTZ iPhone 7 3100mAh Battery Case I’m not real familiar with the ZVOLTZ brand, but it has a number of well-reviewed products on Amazon and it offers a 1-year worry free warranty. It’s also less than half the price of Apple’s battery case. The built-in battery is 3100mAh that the manufacturer says can “double the lifespan of your iPhone 7 battery life.” The case is MFi-certified, and supports pass-through Lightning charging. You can buy the ZVOLTZ battery case for iPhone 7 for $45. Trianium Atomic Pro Battery Case for iPhone 7 Trianium is also not a very broadly known brand, but I come across their products a lot in doing research for Daily Deals and the feedback in generally positive. The Atomic Pro battery case for the iPhone 7 features a 3200mAh battery, LED status lights, and sync-through charging technology. It also comes with Trianium’s “lifetime warranty.” You can buy the Trianium Atomic Pro battery case for iPhone 7 for $40. Mophie Hold Force Case with Powerstation for iPhone 7 If you’d rather stick to well-known name brands, here’s an option from popular accessory maker mophie. It’s not an all-in-one battery case, though, it’s a modular case. So you buy this base layer that has embedded magnetic plates, and you can buy various add-on accessories for it like a wallet and yes, a battery pack. Sure, it’s different, but we felt like it was worth mentioning. You can buy the Hold Force Case with Powerstation for iPhone and iPhone 7 Plus for $100. QCell 4000mAh Slim Battery Case for iPhone 7 This battery case from QCell is the #1 new release in its category on Amazon. The claim is up to 163% more battery life with the built-in 4000mAh power pack. Features include dual layer design for added protection, sync-through charging technology, and a 12-month warranty with lifetime technical support. You can buy this QCell 4000mAh battery case for iPhone 7 for $48. Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Waterproof cases for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Some great wallet cases for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Some heavy duty cases for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Some great minimalist cases for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Related Topics Accessories, Battery, Case, Cases, iPhone, iPhone 7, Roundup Ryan what i really want in a battery case is the a headphone jack Joonyaboy I think Mophie has one coming ravinigga What is a headphones jack, I only know lighting, USB c or Bluetooth. 🙂 rvs007 It might be important to note that other than Apple’s official smart battery case, none of the other brands support the new lightning headphones. That might be a deal-breaker for some. Chloe Elizabeth Wade Might wanna correct this article u put feedback IN instead IS generally positive TheGreatShalaw No thanks, no iphone 7 for me this time Jamessmooth I HATE Mophie. Every year I tell myself I won’t buy their case, and every year I do and am disappointed. Case in point: bought the Mophie case for the 6+ a few months back. Used it maybe 5 times. Was in Europe and it wouldn’t charge. When I needed it the most! Much like Samsung: never again! Stefano Yessir. Mophie and I have had too many bad experiences in the past. Call me unlucky, but every case we had went sour in 10-14 months White Michael Jackson I have bought two cases from Mophie’s website one in 2012 for my 4s and one in 2015 for my iphone 6 and there are still running strong. Plus I can always get a new one if I submit through their warranty program. edwilk55 Yeah…I’ve been done with them for a couple years now. Mini-USB ALWAYS pulls away from the board when it slips off or the battery just poops out. I’ve found the $35 from Amazon work as well if not better. 5723alex . QCell : This Battery Case is Not Compatible with Lightning Headphones.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Wallpapers of the week: golden fields Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… Recap: the top stories of the week on iDB Rushline, Feelca B&W, Delphi, and other apps to check out this weekend AT&T to throttle streaming video next year with new ‘Stream Saver’ feature   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Court Rules Samsung Intentionally Infringed Apple Patents & Orders Increased Judgement to be Considered | Main | U.S. Phone Carriers Scramble to Offer a Second Note7 Replacement after Recent Fire on Airline » October 07, 2016 The Day Before Apple Launches the New MacBook Pro, Microsoft will introduce their iMac Challenger   When Microsoft first launched their first Notebook called the Surface Book back in October 2015 I asked the question in a report, could a Surface desktop be next? Patently Apple then reported on a modular all-in-one type of Windows Desktop PC patent this past February. In June the rumors began that a Microsoft PC was in the works to take on Apple's consumer iMac. By mid-July new Microsoft patents revealed some interesting new Surface tablet ideas as well as new controller ideas for the Xbox and more importantly, another modular PC concept. Earlier today the news emerged that Microsoft will hold an event on October 26, one day before Apple's event, to launch an iMac Challenger / all-in-one PC.    According to The Verge, "Microsoft is holding a special Windows 10 and Surface event in New York City later this month. The software giant has started emailing out invites to an event on October 26th, and Microsoft is expected to make some Xbox-related announcements at the event, alongside new Surface hardware…" including "at least one new all-in-one desktop PC."   The Verge further noted that "The main focus of the event will be the unveiling of Microsoft's vision for the future of Windows 10, and the company's desktop PC hardware to support it." For more on this, read the full Verge report here.   Lastly, keep in mind that the Microsoft patent figures noted in our cover graphic and social media links are conveying a Microsoft concept and not the actually look of the end device. The patents were all utility patents and not design patents.    About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on October 07, 2016 at 03:00 PM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung sets their Eyes on a Revolutionary Holographic TV Lest we Forget: Remembrance and Veterans Day 2016 Samsung Reconsiders Foldable Smartphones as Fear of another Market Blunder Weighs Heavily on the Company Apple Supplier Japan Display may get one last Government Bailout to help it Shift to OLED Why is Samsung Racing to launch their first Foldable Dumbphone? Apple Updates 'Glass Fused Device Housing' Patent by shining a light on a Possible Illumination Feature Apple Refines their Head-Mounted Display Device for a Second Time this Year Apple's CEO Sends Memo out to Employees to Calm Election Aftermath Tensions and Anxiety Silicon Valley's Mental Breakdown over President-Elect Trump is Seriously Warped Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Search for: Facebook Pinterest Twitter YouTube Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf The Best Websites on The Internet Internet The Best Websites on The Internet Rob Nightingale 8 Tips to Effectively Boost Your Wireless Router Signal Technology Explained 8 Tips to Effectively Boost Your Wireless Router Signal Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: iOS 10 Widgets Are Great: Here’s How to Put Them to Good Use iPhone and iPad iOS 10 Widgets Are Great: Here’s How to Put Them to Good Use Dann Albright October 7, 2016 07-10-2016 6 minutes iOS 10 Widgets Are Great: Here’s How to Put Them to Good Use Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Ads by Google Apple’s new widgets in iOS 10 iOS 10 Is Here! Why You Should Upgrade Right Now iOS 10 Is Here! Why You Should Upgrade Right Now Apple's tenth revision of its mobile operating system is here. This is how to upgrade right now for free. Read More might not seem like a big deal, but developers have already made great use of this new function. Not every app has a great widget, but there are a few must-haves that are just a swipe away. You can access widgets by swiping right from the lockscreen or homescreen. To edit the widgets you have on your phone, scroll to the bottom of the widget screen and tap Edit. What Makes iOS 10 Widgets Better? Widgets have been around in iOS for a while now, but they’ve been constrained to just one part of your phone: the Notification Center. And while that’s not a terribly bad place for them to be, it’s not a great one, either. A lot of iOS users totally ignore the Notification Center Take Control of iOS Notifications on Your iPhone or iPad Take Control of iOS Notifications on Your iPhone or iPad Your iPhone can notify you about just about anything, but left unchecked, this feature can quickly get out of control. Here's how to make notifications useful again. Read More and the addition of widgets wasn’t enough for them to start using it (I was one of those people myself). But by moving those widgets out of the Notification Center and onto their own screen — and making them accessible from the lockscreen — Apple made them much more useful. They’re easier to get to, and more apps now have widgets available. In short, pretty much everything about widgets is better. Default iOS 10 Widgets A number of the native iOS apps have widgets in iOS 10, and some of them are pretty useful. For example, the Notes widget lets you open up any of the last three notes you saved, and lets you create a new text note, photo note, checklist, or hand-drawn note with a single tap. It can be really useful if you use Notes a lot (which you should Should You Be Using Apple's Notes for iOS and OS X? Should You Be Using Apple's Notes for iOS and OS X? For the first time since its release, Apple Notes for both OS X and iOS may be worth considering. Read More ). Ads by Google The Calendar and Reminder Widgets show you what you have coming up soon, which is really useful when you want to get an idea of what’s next on your list without opening up another app. News lets you skim a few headlines with just a swipe over to the widget screen, and Mail gives you an idea of what’s in your inbox. All pretty much things you’d expect. The Maps widgets can be useful, especially with Apple’s now-much-more-useful Maps Use Your iPhone to Find Nearby Food, Transport & Services Use Your iPhone to Find Nearby Food, Transport & Services In iOS 9, Apple made some big improvements to its Maps app — but how do these stack up against the big names in the map and discovery scene? Read More functions. You can add Maps Destinations, Maps Nearby, and Maps Transit, all of which will help you find and get to where you’re going faster with just a swipe and a tap. The Music widget is also useful for firing up tunes really quickly. Although the built-in widgets aren’t groundbreaking, they can save you a few seconds and a few taps if you tend to use the native iOS apps a lot. When widgets really come in handy, though, is when you start adding third-party options. To see which widgets you can use on your phone, just tap Edit at the bottom of the widget screen, and you’ll be given the option to add, remove, and reorder your available widgets (the iOS widget screen gives you two columns to choose from). Everyone’s going to have different options based on the apps on their phone, but here are 10 cool widgets you can use on the fly to make your phone more useful. 1. Level Today There are a lot of budgeting apps 5 Budget Apps You Should Use If You Really Want to Save Money 5 Budget Apps You Should Use If You Really Want to Save Money Here are the most effective budget apps currently available. Pick the one you like best. Read More out there, but few are as simple as Level: you tell it how much you can spend in a month, and it’ll tell you how much you’ve spent so far. When you hit $0, you’ve spent your limit for the month. The Level Today widget shows you the information you need: how much you have left to spend for the month and how much you can spend today if you average your available funds over the rest of the days in the month. 2. IMDb Latest Trailers If you like seeing what’s new in the movie world, the IMDB app is a must-have. Now you can see the latest trailers without even having to open the app! The widget displays four new trailers for upcoming movies. Just tap one of the trailers, and the IMDB app will open and play the trailer. Perfect for when you want to burn a minute or two on the bus or in line at the grocery store. 3. Pedometer++ Keeping track of the number of steps you take in a day is a great habit for your health; if you’re taking less than 10,000 steps, you may want to increase your activity level. Pedometer++ is a free pedometer that uses your iPhone to track your steps. The widget lets you take a quick look at your progress, and you don’t even have to unlock your phone to do it. Easy! 4. Google Maps Transit Time Want to see how long it’s going to take you to get home or to work from your current location? Just swipe over to the Google Maps Transit Time widget. Select driving or public transit to see how long it’ll take you to get there at this moment. Of course, you’ll need to have these saved so Google Maps knows where they are — head to Settings > Your Places and add them if you haven’t already. 5. Shazam Using Shazam to identify a song you don’t know Which Music Identification App Is King? Which Music Identification App Is King? Smartphones armed with music recognition apps make it easy to find out which song is playing at any given time, but which service is best? We compared Shazam, SoundHound and MusicID to find out. Read More is great, but opening the app as quickly as possible is crucial. If you miss it, Shazam’s not going to help. What if you could open it directly from the lockscreen? Now you can! Just flip from your lockscreen over to the widgets and hit the Shazam button — you’ll get the song info without even unlocking your phone. 6. Embark This is a great app for people who use public transit a lot; it can help you find a bus, train, or other form of transit from wherever you are to where you need to go. You can also mark certain routes and stops as favorites, and those favorites will show up on the Embark widget. No need to open up a browser or even an app to see when the next bus or train is coming — just flip over to the widget! 7. ESPN There are countless ways to get sports scores, but having your favorite teams’ results displayed on your lockscreen makes it really easy to find the information you’re looking for. Just add your favorites to the ESPN app and they’ll show up on the widget. With a huge number of teams and sports to choose from, you’ll be able to follow all the action right from your lockscreen. 8. Timeglass Having a timer on hand can be useful in a lot of situations. Whether you’re using the pomodoro method to get more done, hard-boiling an egg, taking a nap, or doing a seven-minute workout, Timeglass lets you fire up a timer on the double. Once you’ve saved your favorite timers, you can activate them right from the widget — it’ll take you to Timeglass, but you can then monitor the amount of time you have left without opening the app. 9. Amazon The Amazon app isn’t for everyone, but if you place a lot of orders and want to know where they are, it can be a good use of space on your phone. With the widget, you don’t even have to open the app to check up on your shipments. While I don’t have any shipments visible in the widget above, you’ll be shown the estimated arrival date of any order that’s coming your way. You can also go to the text, photo, and video search screens with a quick tap. 10. TripAdvisor TripAdvisor helps you find the best hotels, restaurants, and attractions wherever you are. The widget is just like the app, and shows you five places nearby that are highly rated. When you’re not sure what to do, just flip over to the widget and see what’s popular near you! Which Widgets Are You Using? The native and third-party apps mentioned in this article are great ways to put iOS 10 widgets to use, whether your phone is locked or unlocked. But there are tons of other widgets out there, and we want to hear from you about which ones you’re putting to use since updating to iOS 10. Are you using new widget capabilities in iOS 10? Or do you think widgets are just gimmicks? Previous PostWhen You Need to Extend an iPhone’s Battery Life, Just Put It Face DownNext PostThis Quick Hack Stops Your iPhone From Autocorrecting Swear Words 11 comments Write a Comment Mridul October 17, 2016 at 6:20 am iOS 10 is great and is much smarter than other operating systems.The list of apps mentioned here is very useful.Thanks for the informative article Reply Toby W October 10, 2016 at 1:18 pm Good article! I love the Shazam Widget. My other Widgets are "Contact Shortcuts" and "Launcher". Widgets in iOS 10 are so cool :) Reply Dann Albright October 21, 2016 at 8:39 pm Contact Shortcuts seems like a great idea! Reply TJ October 8, 2016 at 6:08 pm Currently have Dark Sky, Do!, Unspent, and Tinycalc. Reply Dann Albright October 21, 2016 at 8:30 pm Not familiar with Unspent . . . is it like Level, where it shows you how much you have left to spend in a given amount of time? Reply TJ October 21, 2016 at 10:54 pm It's much simpler than Level, like bare bones, but it works for me. No bank info required,. No decimals either so I round up my entries. Reply Dann Albright October 26, 2016 at 9:21 pm No bank info required? Do you enter all of your transactions manually? TJ October 26, 2016 at 11:20 pm Yes and yes. I do use it along with Mint.com app (which I've been on since it started) to track budgets and trends at the end of the month. Dann Albright November 12, 2016 at 11:08 pm I've never tried one where transactions are entered manually. Just seems like more work than I'd be willing to put in. :-) I'm glad it works for you, though! I've also started using more than one app to track everything, and that's helped a lot. I would have thought it would complicate things, but it's actually reduced my financial stress. Devinder Maheshwari October 8, 2016 at 3:33 am Well, thanks for this informative article. I was really not sure why people are going mad over iOS 10 widgets, and now I know why! Reply Dann Albright October 21, 2016 at 8:27 pm Glad you found it useful! I've only been using a couple, but they're pretty awesome. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Dann Albright 445 articles Dann is a freelance journalist interested in technology, health, and cognitive science. When he's not writing, he's almost certainly playing board or card games (or working on a forthcoming book about them). Follow him on Twitter at @dann_albright. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 11, 2016 11-11-2016 Lego Mindstorms EV3 Review and Giveaway Lego Mindstorms EV3 Review and Giveaway Christian Cawley November 8, 2016 08-11-2016 Elephone Elecam 360 Camera Review and Giveaway Elephone Elecam 360 Camera Review and Giveaway James Bruce November 4, 2016 04-11-2016 Advertisement Trending The Best Websites on The Internet Internet The Best Websites on The Internet Rob Nightingale November 10, 2016 10-11-2016 4 Smart Reasons to Avoid the Smart Home Trend Smart Home 4 Smart Reasons to Avoid the Smart Home Trend Joel Lee November 9, 2016 09-11-2016 You Should Uninstall Web of Trust Right Now Security Tech News You Should Uninstall Web of Trust Right Now Dave Parrack November 9, 2016 09-11-2016 Advertisement Related Articles CopyTrans Manager Liberates You From iTunes on Windows 10 iPhone and iPad Windows CopyTrans Manager Liberates You From iTunes on Windows 10 Brad Jones November 9, 2016 09-11-2016 How to Move to Canada: Express Entry Explained Internet How to Move to Canada: Express Entry Explained Tina Sieber November 9, 2016 09-11-2016 How to Open Excel Files on a Phone or Tablet Android How to Open Excel Files on a Phone or Tablet Brad Jones November 7, 2016 07-11-2016 Advertisement Latest Deals Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2016 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / Wait, Apple and Samsung’s slide-to-unlock patent war is still a thing? Wait, Apple and Samsung’s slide-to-unlock patent war is still a thing? by Chris Smith 07 October 2016 0 shares Read Comments We honestly thought we were past informing you about the never-ending patent wars between Apple and Samsung, but alas no. Today it emerged (via Bloomberg) that a once-quashed patent victory for Apple over its arch rival has been reinstated, meaning the latter owes the former nearly $120m. The reason? The slide-to-unlock functionality that these two have seemingly been fighting over since the beginning of time (well, for the last 5 years). Related: iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7 Apple says Samsung ripped it off from the iPhone, Samsung denies it and various juries and judges have been adjudicating on the matter ever since, much to the interminable boredom of the entire tech world. Today’s decision - reached by the jury of judges on an 8-3 majority - also covers a second disputed patent; the quick links feature that enables addresses and phone numbers to become hyperlinked to the maps or dialer apps. As for the other monolith of a patent lawsuit between these two, well that’s back in court next week. Samsung initially got its fine down from $1 billion to around half that amount (chump change for both of these companies), and will now ask the US Supreme Court to rule against those damages too. Watch The Refresh: The best tech gossip and reviews every week 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Home Industry Tech Apple wins appeal, USD 120 mn award from Samsung restored Apple wins appeal, USD 120 mn award from Samsung restored In the latest twist in a series of patent cases between the smartphone giants, the Federal Circuit Appeals judges ruled 8-3 in a rehearing of the case, reversing a panel of the same court in February. By: AFP | Washington | Published: October 8, 2016 2:14 AM In the latest twist in a series of patent cases between the smartphone giants, the Federal Circuit Appeals judges ruled 8-3 in a rehearing of the case, reversing a panel of the same court in February.(Reuters) A US appeals court today handed Apple a victory in one of its battles with rival Samsung, reinstating a USD 119.6 million verdict for the iPhone maker for patent infringement. In the latest twist in a series of patent cases between the smartphone giants, the Federal Circuit Appeals judges ruled 8-3 in a rehearing of the case, reversing a panel of the same court in February. Apple’s lawsuit contends that Samsung infringed on patents for “slide to unlock” and autocorrection, among others. Today’s ruling said Samsung failed to prove that some of the Apple innovations were “obvious” and thus not able to be patented. The opinion also said the court must defer to the decision of the jury when in doubt. “Even in cases in which a court concludes that a reasonable jury could have found some facts differently, the verdict must be sustained if it is supported by substantial evidence on the record that was before the jury,” Judge Kimberly Moore wrote for the majority. Apple asked for an “en banc” rehearing of the case — before all the appeals court judges — following February’s decision to toss out the award. Apple had sought some USD 2.2 billion at trial, only to have a jury award the California-based company USD 119.6 million. In February, the panel of judges ruled that Samsung did not infringe on one of the Apple patents and that the remaining two, which involved auto-correct and slide-to-unlock features, were not valid. Neither company responded to requests for comment. The case is separate from another suit in which Samsung was ordered to pay USD 548 million for patent infringement to Apple and whose appeal is set for a hearing next week in the US Supreme Court. Samsung and Apple decided in 2014 to drop all patent disputes outside the United States, marking a partial ceasefire in a seemingly relentless legal war between the world’s two largest smartphone makers. The companies have battled in close to a dozen countries, with each accusing the other of infringing on various patents related to their flagship smartphone and tablet products. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now ‘Enjoy Every Moment’ on this Children's Day with Google doodle Happy Children's Day 2016: 10 quotes to inspire children, today and always Demonetisation: Subramanian Swamy doubts success of the step, blames Arun Jaitley for people's inconvenience Demonetisation: This 'dhaba' in Akola provides free food to customers having old Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 currency notes Guru Nanak Jayanti 'Birthday' 2016: 3 Things You Didn’t Know About Guru Nanak and Gurupurab Karnataka Minister sues journalists who filmed him watching objectionable content during a government function Earthquake in New Zealand again! 6.2 magnitude quake strikes near Christchurch: USGS Guru Nanak Jayanti 'Birthday' 2016: Importance of the sacred day of Gurpurab Don’t follow the herd if you want to make money in the stock market Invest surplus cash in debt funds now Zenfone 3 Deluxe to be the new flagship of ASUS; launches in India today  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Game|Life Podcast: Mafia III, Gears of War 4, and Lots of VR subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER INNOVATION INSIGHTS Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours Travel back in time with the master of photo colorization: bit.ly/2g8FihV Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Chris Kohler. Chris Kohler Culture Date of Publication: 10.07.16. 10.07.16 Time of Publication: 4:12 pm. 4:12 pm Game|Life Podcast: Mafia III, Gears of War 4, and Lots of VR Podcast RSS iTunes Download   Oh man, it’s October, isn’t it? That means there’s way too much happening in videogames to keep up with. So many virtual realities.   On this week’s Game|Life Podcast, Jake Muncy and Matt Peckham discuss Mafia III, out today. Jake’s been playing Gears of War 4. Matt and I have been playing PlayStation VR, and talk about Thumper in a little more depth than I think we expected. And I, fresh back from Oculus Connect, add some more details to my story about Lone Echo. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Game|Life Audio Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Game|Life Audio Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Email Author: Chris Kohler. Chris Kohler Culture Date of Publication: 11.11.16. 11.11.16 Time of Publication: 5:10 pm. 5:10 pm Game|Life Podcast: So… Titanfall 2, or Call of Duty? Podcast RSS iTunes Download   Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare. Titanfall 2. Dishonored 2. So many games, so little time. What should you play? WIRED’s Jake Muncy has played all three (just a few hours of Dishonored 2, though), so I take this opportunity to quiz her on the results of Blockbuster Brawl 2016.   Plus, I yell about the NES Classic Edition, as you knew I might! What does this mean for Nintendo in the long run? The answer may shock you. Or not. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Call of Duty Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Dishonored 2 Game|Life Audio NES Classic Titanfall Titanfall 2 Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Call of Duty Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare Dishonored 2 Game|Life Audio NES Classic Titanfall Titanfall 2 Author: Chris Kohler. Chris Kohler Culture Date of Publication: 10.20.16. 10.20.16 Time of Publication: 6:27 pm. 6:27 pm Game|Life Podcast: Nintendo Switches It On Podcast RSS iTunes Download   Nintendo Switch is the talk of the day on this episode of the Game|Life Podcast. But would you expect anything else?   It’s so nice to be able to say that what was formerly known as the Nintendo NX is, in fact, exactly what we suspected it was: a tablet that docks to your TV. Now that we know exactly what it is, we can talk about what Nintendo didn’t say today, and what that might mean. Do those Joy-Cons have motion sensors in them? (Maybe.) Is that screen a touch screen? (It’s gotta be.) Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Author: Chris Kohler. Chris Kohler Culture Date of Publication: 09.23.16. 09.23.16 Time of Publication: 3:29 pm. 3:29 pm Game|Life Podcast: From Tokyo to Virginia Podcast RSS iTunes Download   Chris is back from Tokyo Game Show and has some thoughts on virtual reality, Final Fantasy XV, Rez Infinite, and more.   Meanwhile, TIME’s Matt Peckham has played the new indie game Virginia and also the new Destiny expansion Rise of Iron—or, well, he tried to, anyway. It’s all on this week’s Game|Life Podcast. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Game|Life Audio Japan Rez Tokyo Game Show Virginia Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Game|Life Audio Japan Rez Tokyo Game Show Virginia Author: Chris Kohler. Chris Kohler Culture Date of Publication: 09.09.16. 09.09.16 Time of Publication: 1:17 pm. 1:17 pm Game|Life Podcast: What a Weird Day for Videogames, Huh? Podcast RSS iTunes Download   Still reeling from the announcements of Wednesday? You’re not alone. From Nintendo partnering up with Apple for Super Mario Run on iPhone, to the upgraded PlayStation 4 Pro, it was a non-stop day of news.   WIRED’s Jake Muncy and I are joined once again by Time’s Matt Peckham on today’s Game|Life podcast to discuss everything that went down, and what this all means for Nintendo, Apple, Sony, Microsoft, and you. Mostly you. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. apple iPhone Mario Nintendo Playstation PlayStation 4 PlayStation 4 Pro PlayStation VR Sony Super Mario Run Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email apple iPhone Mario Nintendo Playstation PlayStation 4 PlayStation 4 Pro PlayStation VR Sony Super Mario Run Author: Chris Kohler. Chris Kohler Culture Date of Publication: 09.02.16. 09.02.16 Time of Publication: 1:51 pm. 1:51 pm Game|Life Podcast: Nintendo Plans the Last Days of Nintendo 3DS Podcast RSS iTunes Download   Nintendo NX is almost here—I know, it’s unbelievable, but remember, it’s launching in March!—and that means the slow winding down of the Nintendo 3DS. And the Wii U, too, of course, but it’s 3DS that Nintendo focused on in its latest Nintendo Direct, announcing a few more games for the aging handheld.   All of them have a little bit of weirdness to them. There’s a port of the Wii U game Yoshi’s Woolly World that heavily features the tongue-lolling dog-thing Poochy (unless he dies on the way back to his home planet). There’s Super Mario Maker with no online level sharing. There’s a new Pikmin… but the real-time strategy has been traded in for Mario-ish side-scrolling action.   All in all, as I argue on this week’s Game|Life podcast, it’s a very safe lineup from Nintendo—taking as few risks as possible, attempting to provide 3DS software that could sell very well while still reserving the majority of its effort for the launch of NX.   After calming me down about Nintendo, as is their job, WIRED’s Jake Muncy and TIME’s Matt Peckham discuss Obduction, the new puzzle adventure game from the creators of Myst. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Game|Life Audio myst Nintendo Super Mario Maker Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Game|Life Audio myst Nintendo Super Mario Maker Author: Chris Kohler. Chris Kohler Culture Date of Publication: 08.26.16. 08.26.16 Time of Publication: 5:35 pm. 5:35 pm Game|Life Podcast: No Man’s Sky, Deus Ex and Other Controversies Podcast RSS iTunes Download   There’s lots to talk about on this week’s episode of the Game|Life podcast, from Deus Ex to No Man’s Sky to Final Fantasy XV and more.   Cut features! Delays! And did you hear that Call of Duty: Black Ops III is the third best-selling PlayStation 4 game of all time… in Japan? Why is everything so weird? Jake Muncy and I break it all down for you. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Author: Chris Kohler. Chris Kohler Culture Date of Publication: 07.29.16. 07.29.16 Time of Publication: 2:20 pm. 2:20 pm Game|Life Podcast: Abzu and Other Indie Games We Love Podcast RSS iTunes Download   Yes, of course we talk about the recent reports from Eurogamer about the Nintendo NX on this week’s Game|Life podcast. But also, Matt Peckham of TIME is on hand to discuss the new indie game Abzu, and Jake Muncy is here to run down the basics of Quadrilateral Cowboy.   Plus, I recently actually got to play a game of Street Fighter II Turbo on the long-lost “Nintendo PlayStation” prototype system, and I discuss why that terrifies me. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Game|Life Audio Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Game|Life Audio Author: Chris Kohler. Chris Kohler Culture Date of Publication: 07.21.16. 07.21.16 Time of Publication: 8:54 pm. 8:54 pm Game|Life Podcast: These Games Aren’t as Good as We’d Hoped Podcast RSS iTunes Download   We were really looking forward to Song of the Deep from Insomniac and I Am Setsuna from Square Enix, and both games do have some excellent qualities by which the Game|Life podcast crew can recommend them. But neither turned out quite as good as we’d hoped.   Plus, as if we could possibly avoid it, we discuss Pokemon Go and the NES Classic console on this week’s episode. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Game|Life Audio Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Game|Life Audio Author: Chris Kohler. Chris Kohler Culture Date of Publication: 07.01.16. 07.01.16 Time of Publication: 2:48 pm. 2:48 pm Game|Life Podcast: Delving Deep Into Inside‘s Darkest Secrets Podcast RSS iTunes Download   It’s the Inside spoilercast! It’s tough to discuss Playdead’s new game without spoiling at least something, and it doesn’t really take that long to play, so Matt Peckham, Jake Muncy and I decided to just go for it and talk about everything—the ending, the secrets, everything. Lots to discuss!   But before that, we chat about the new System Shock Kickstarter and a little bit about Adventures of Mana. Then we warn you when to turn the audio off if you don’t want to get Inside-spoiled. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Game|Life Audio Inside Limbo Playdead system shock Xbox One Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Game|Life Audio Inside Limbo Playdead system shock Xbox One Author: Chris Kohler. Chris Kohler Culture Date of Publication: 06.24.16. 06.24.16 Time of Publication: 2:41 pm. 2:41 pm Game|Life Podcast: What Bad Mighty No. 9 Reviews Mean for the Future of Gaming Kickstarters Podcast RSS iTunes Download   Finally decompressed from E3, the Game|Life podcast crew sits down to talk about what we experienced on the final day of the big show, from VR Batman to Horizon: Zero Dawn and more.   Then it’s on to a discussion of Kickstarter and gaming. Mighty No. 9, crowdfunded to over $3 million and much-delayed, is finally available, but most fans seem disappointed. What does that mean for future crowdfunding efforts? Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Game|Life Audio Kickstarter Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Game|Life Audio Kickstarter Author: Chris Kohler. Chris Kohler Culture Date of Publication: 06.17.16. 06.17.16 Time of Publication: 3:11 pm. 3:11 pm Game|Life Podcast: It’s The Gigantic E3 Expo Episode Podcast RSS iTunes Download   A very special episode of the Game|Life podcast! TIME’s Matt Peckham joined WIRED’s Jake Muncy and I in actual physical meatspace together for the first time at this year’s E3 Expo, and we’ve recorded a rollicking show together. We moved as quickly as we could through all of the different games, announcements, and experiences we partook in at this year’s annual trade extravaganza for the video game biz, and still it ended up being about two and a half hours long.   So settle in for the Godfather of videogame podcasts—we promise1 it’s worth it! (And forgive us our audio-quality sins, as we recorded this in a hotel room with a portable voice recorder.)   1Promises are non-binding and unenforceable. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. E3 E3 2016 Game|Life Audio Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email E3 E3 2016 Game|Life Audio Author: Chris Kohler. Chris Kohler Culture Date of Publication: 06.09.16. 06.09.16 Time of Publication: 1:23 pm. 1:23 pm Game|Life Podcast: The Games We’re Psyched To Play at E3 Podcast RSS iTunes Download   It’s the last Game|Life podcast before E3, which means it’s the official Pre-E3 Podcast! Matt Peckham and Jake Muncy join me to discuss the games we’re most looking forward to playing at the big show in Los Angeles next week.   As a special bonus, we also argue about Mirror’s Edge Catalyst. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. E3 2016 Game|Life Audio Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email E3 2016 Game|Life Audio Author: Chris Kohler. Chris Kohler Culture Date of Publication: 06.03.16. 06.03.16 Time of Publication: 7:20 pm. 7:20 pm Game|Life Podcast: The Future of Plastic Gaming Toys Podcast https://www.podtrac.com/pts/redirect.mp3/https://www.wired.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/glp-6-3-16.mp3 RSS iTunes Download Is Skylanders making a move towards a future in which it needs fewer plastic toys to stay alive? Who’s at fault for Rock Band 4‘s stumbles, Harmonix or Mad Catz? And what are our first impressions of Mirror’s Edge: Catalyst?   Each and every one of these questions are answered by myself, Matt Peckham, and/or Jake Muncy on this week’s Game|Life podcast. We hope we have answered them to your satisfaction. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Game|Life Audio Minecraft mirror's edge Rock Band 4 Skylanders Imaginators Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Game|Life Audio Minecraft mirror's edge Rock Band 4 Skylanders Imaginators Author: Chris Kohler. Chris Kohler Culture Date of Publication: 05.20.16. 05.20.16 Time of Publication: 7:51 pm. 7:51 pm Game|Life Podcast: All Doom All the Time Podcast RSS iTunes Download Prepare to get splattered into a million bloody giblets—metaphorically!—on today’s Game|Life podcast. Jake Muncy has played through all of the new Doom, and so has Time magazine’s Matt Peckham, and I…   …well, I played a few levels anyway, so we talk about Dooms old and new on this episode. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Doom Game|Life Audio Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Doom Game|Life Audio Author: Chris Kohler. Chris Kohler Culture Date of Publication: 05.13.16. 05.13.16 Time of Publication: 7:57 pm. 7:57 pm Game|Life Podcast: Disney Infinity, We Hardly Knew Ye Podcast RSS iTunes Download On this episode of the Game|Life podcast, Jake Muncy and I discuss the demise of Disney Infinity, how thankful we are for fan edits of the Assassin’s Creed movie trailer, and Jake’s experience playing Battleborn. (And why isn’t it free-to-play, anyway?)   I found Kyle Bosman’s recent Star Fox Zero video “Miyamoto’s Failure” to be well-done, and agree with its points, although I disagree on the final conclusion. So we talk about that, too. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Game|Life Audio Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Game|Life Audio Author: Chris Kohler. Chris Kohler Culture Date of Publication: 05.06.16. 05.06.16 Time of Publication: 7:59 pm. 7:59 pm Game|Life Podcast: Our Uncharted 4 Adventure Journal Podcast RSS iTunes Download One of us played Uncharted 4: A Thief’s End on Easy. Another played it on “Crushing” difficulty. We discuss the differences (and similarities) between our playthroughs of next week’s highly anticipated PlayStation 4 game on this week’s Game|Life podcast.   Time’s Matt Peckham and WIRED’s Jake Muncy join me as usual for (mostly spoiler-free) Uncharted discussion, after a rundown of some more Nintendo news, plus Electronic Arts’ announcement of the World War I shooter Battlefield 1 and why that’s a little bit odd. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Game|Life Audio Nintendo Playstation Uncharted 4: A Thief's End Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Game|Life Audio Nintendo Playstation Uncharted 4: A Thief's End Author: Chris Kohler. Chris Kohler Culture Date of Publication: 04.29.16. 04.29.16 Time of Publication: 6:28 pm. 6:28 pm Game|Life Podcast: Sorry, But Nintendo’s Only Showing Zelda at E3 Podcast RSS iTunes Download Lots of crazy Nintendo news this week: Zelda is delayed again, to March 2017. We know it’s coming out for Nintendo’s new NX game machine as well as the Wii U, but NX isn’t going to make an appearance at this year’s E3 Expo in June. What’s more, Nintendo says the only game playable at its E3 booth will be Zelda.   Does any of this make sense? Perhaps Nintendo’s making the best of a bad situation. Time’s Matt Peckham and WIRED contributor Jake Muncy join me on the Game|Life Podcast this week for an analysis of the most recent Nintendo news. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. E3 Game|Life Audio Nintendo NX The Legend of Zelda Wii U Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email E3 Game|Life Audio Nintendo NX The Legend of Zelda Wii U Author: Chris Kohler. Chris Kohler Culture Date of Publication: 04.08.16. 04.08.16 Time of Publication: 4:50 pm. 4:50 pm Game|Life Podcast: Our Favorite VR Games So Far, From Puzzles to Tower Defense Podcast RSS iTunes Download Virtual reality is finally a reality, in the sense that consumers finally own the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive. (Or, you know, you’re on a giant waiting list with no end in sight.) On this episode of the Game|Life podcast, Time’s Matt Peckham joins in and we run down our favorite VR experiences so far, and talk about what makes a good VR game versus a bad VR game.   Going off on a bit of a tangent, we talk about the idea that Microsoft and Sony might be introducing slightly-better game consoles soon, getting players into an incremental upgrade cycle.   Later, we pick up on a few news stories that have hit this week: Everybody’s Gone to the Rapture is going to be available on Steam soon, and the publisher is PlayStation. (More like Everybody’s Gone Third Party!) Finally, rumors from a reliable source suggest that The Legend of Zelda for Wii U will feature voice acting… and an option to play as a female character. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Everybody's Gone to the Rapture Game|Life Audio Nintendo Sony Zelda Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Everybody's Gone to the Rapture Game|Life Audio Nintendo Sony Zelda Author: Chris Kohler. Chris Kohler Culture Date of Publication: 04.01.16. 04.01.16 Time of Publication: 7:58 pm. 7:58 pm Game|Life Podcast: Final Fantasy XV‘s Early Victory Party Podcast RSS iTunes Download Final Fantasy XV’s lavish release-date announcement party, Microsoft’s new Xbox One game and Nintendo’s first smartphone app are today’s topics on the Game|Life Podcast.   Time magazine’s Matt Peckham joins Jake Muncy and me to talk about our reactions to the “Uncovered” event that seemed to be a six-months-early victory party for the next Final Fantasy game, plus our feelings about Quantum Break and Miitomo. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Game|Life Audio Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Game|Life Audio Author: Chris Kohler. Chris Kohler Culture Date of Publication: 03.25.16. 03.25.16 Time of Publication: 2:16 pm. 2:16 pm Game|Life Podcast: Hold on to Your Butts—Dark Souls III Is Almost Here Bandai Namco Podcast RSS iTunes Download The voraciousness with which the Internet set upon those faked photos of the Nintendo NX is our first topic of discussion on this week’s Game|Life podcast, followed by Jake Muncy’s initial explorations into Bandai Namco’s highly anticipated Dark Souls III. (It’s nearly available here in the U.S., but you can play it on Xbox One right now if you set your regional settings to Japan.)   Talking about Nintendo and Dark Souls pretty much ran us out of time, so Matt Peckham and I take just a moment at the end to talk about one of the more interesting virtual reality experiences I had at Game Developers Conference last week. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Dark Souls 3 Game|Life Audio Nintendo NX virtual reality Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Dark Souls 3 Game|Life Audio Nintendo NX virtual reality Author: Chris Kohler. Chris Kohler Culture Date of Publication: 03.11.16. 03.11.16 Time of Publication: 4:00 pm. 4:00 pm Game|Life Podcast: The Division, Hitman and More Podcast RSS iTunes Download Lots of games on this week’s Game|Life podcast! TIME’s Matt Peckham and WIRED’s Jake Muncy have been playing a lot of Tom Clancy’s The Division, and they attempt to convince me that I should play it too.   Jake’s also spent a little bit of time with Square Enix’s new episodic Hitman, I’ve built a level using keys and doors in Super Mario Maker, and I wish I could give some extra dollars to the makers of Peter Panic on iOS in exchange for more songs. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Game|Life Audio Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Game|Life Audio Author: Chris Kohler. Chris Kohler Culture Date of Publication: 03.04.16. 03.04.16 Time of Publication: 2:51 pm. 2:51 pm Game|Life Podcast: Superhot and Other Awesome Games Podcast RSS iTunes Download On this week’s Game|Life Podcast, we talk about videogames! Specifically: Jake Muncy and Time gaming editor Matt Peckham have been playing Superhot and Far Cry Primal, and have an enjoyable discussion about those, largely without me, who didn’t play them. But I did play Star Fox Zero, and Matt actually spoke to Shigeru Miyamoto about it, so we have a lot to say there, too. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Game|Life Audio Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Game|Life Audio Author: Chris Kohler. Chris Kohler Culture Date of Publication: 02.19.16. 02.19.16 Time of Publication: 7:11 pm. 7:11 pm Game|Life Podcast: Why Penn Jillette’s Getting Into Videogames Penn Jillette. Maarten de Boer/Getty Images Podcast RSS iTunes Download At the DICE Summit this week, I got the chance to talk with Penn Jillette, one half of Penn & Teller, and Gearbox CEO Randy Pitchford, following their keynote presentation. The pair are working together on a new version, with some virtual reality elements, of the classic Desert Bus. Their session at DICE focused on how game developers can use principles of magic in their designs.   After a few minutes of conversation, I realized I wanted to share the whole session with everyone. So on this episode of the Game|Life Podcast, it’s the whole interview. To call it “wide-ranging” might undersell it a bit. Here’s some of what you can expect:   Desert Bus Hillary Clinton Janet Reno Virtual Reality, Shakespeare, and politics The Music Man The time Penn met Notch The Residents Guarding magical secrets The Internet as world-peace engine Fake lottery tickets   And more. I hope you enjoy this as much as I did, and thanks to Jillette and Pitchford for joining in. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Game|Life Audio Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Game|Life Audio Author: Chris Kohler. Chris Kohler Culture Date of Publication: 02.12.16. 02.12.16 Time of Publication: 2:35 pm. 2:35 pm Game|Life Podcast: It’s Finally Safe for Everybody’s Gone to the Rapture Spoilers Sony Podcast RSS iTunes Download What was going on in Everybody’s Gone to the Rapture, the PlayStation 4 game by The Chinese Room released last year? I had a lot of thoughts about the message that this game was trying to convey, but I held a lot of them back at the time of its release for fear of “spoilers.”   Well, the statute of limitations on that is quite up, and more to the point, I haven’t been able to find other analyses of the game that get at what I was taking away from it. Everybody’s Gone to the Rapture tackles one of the great questions of human existence—coming to terms with the inevitability of death—and gives us a metaphor to help us think about it. It can be a profound experience, aided by one of the greatest (and most impactful, in terms of its literary connection to the game’s message) original musical scores in recent memory.   On this episode of the Game|Life podcast, Jake Muncy and TIME’s Matt Peckham join in for a no-holds barred pull-apart of Rapture. But first, we do some relatively spoiler-free Firewatch discussion. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Everybody's Gone to the Rapture firewatch Game|Life Audio Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Everybody's Gone to the Rapture firewatch Game|Life Audio Author: Chris Kohler. Chris Kohler Culture Date of Publication: 02.05.16. 02.05.16 Time of Publication: 2:05 pm. 2:05 pm Game|Life Podcast: Twilight Princess Versus The Witness Podcast RSS iTunes Download On this week’s Game|Life podcast, we discuss one game that’s being altered to be more inviting to players, Nintendo’s impending HD remake of The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess, and one that seems very much to want to make players feel unwelcome, that is, The Witness.   Jake Muncy joins in to chat about these games, Nintendo rumors (…is Mother 3 really happening?) and his impressions of PAX South in San Antonio, Texas.   (Tech note: There was an audio issue that affected last week’s podcast and this one as well—I’ve fixed it now, but not in time to fix this episode. Sorry!) Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Game|Life Audio Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Game|Life Audio Author: Chris Kohler. Chris Kohler Culture Date of Publication: 01.29.16. 01.29.16 Time of Publication: 2:42 pm. 2:42 pm Game|Life Podcast: The Witness and Nintendo NX Speculation Podcast RSS iTunes Download Are we close to finally hearing some details of Nintendo’s upcoming “NX” platform? There are certainly a lot of leaks and rumors coming out about it, which would tend to indicate that Nintendo is getting close to announcing something about the new dedicated game machine that it’s often said it planned to discuss at some point in 2016.   TIME’s Matt Peckham joins me on this episode of the Game|Life podcast to discuss the NX rumors and what it might all mean, what we might hear at Nintendo’s upcoming financial briefing on February 2, and of course what we both think about Jonathan Blow’s The Witness, because you pretty much have to talk about that these days on gaming podcasts. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Game|Life Audio Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Game|Life Audio Author: Chris Kohler. Chris Kohler Culture Date of Publication: 01.22.16. 01.22.16 Time of Publication: 3:23 pm. 3:23 pm Game|Life Podcast: Some Like It Brutally Difficult Podcast RSS iTunes Download I don’t do difficult games, but Jake Muncy certainly does, and so he’s here on the Game|Life podcast to discuss Darkest Dungeon. I meanwhile tell him about Oxenfree, which it would be difficult to not be able to finish in a few hours.   Riding the line between easy and hard is Super Mario Advance 4, recently released on Virtual Console for Wii U. A souped-up version of Super Mario Bros. 3, the Virtual Console version contains the extra levels that were only distributed via collectible trading cards, and some of them only in Japan. Some are incredibly easy, and some are quite difficult! Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Game|Life Audio Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Game|Life Audio Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Dave Chappelle’s Towering Monologue on SNL Gave Us the Catharsis We Needed TV Dave Chappelle’s Towering Monologue on SNL Gave Us the Catharsis We Needed 23 hours First Ghost in the Shell Trailer Shows Major on a Mission trailers First Ghost in the Shell Trailer Shows Major on a Mission 11 hours How to Block the Ultrasonic Signals You Didn’t Know Were Tracking You Privacy How to Block the Ultrasonic Signals You Didn’t Know Were Tracking You 11.03.16 On His Way Out, US Transportation Chief Anthony Foxx Sets Drones Free aviation On His Way Out, US Transportation Chief Anthony Foxx Sets Drones Free 11 hours NES Classic Is Sold Out, of Course. So How Can You Get One? Gaming NES Classic Is Sold Out, of Course. So How Can You Get One? 2 days Now, More Than Ever, Designers Must Transform America Liz Stinson Now, More Than Ever, Designers Must Transform America 19 hours Barack Obama Talks AI, Robo-Cars, and the Future of the World frontiers Barack Obama Talks AI, Robo-Cars, and the Future of the World 10.12.16 While You Were Offline: Want a Preview of Trump’s America? Watch Twitter While You Were Offline While You Were Offline: Want a Preview of Trump’s America? Watch Twitter 2 days More Stories Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Culture TV Dave Chappelle’s Towering Monologue on SNL Gave Us the Catharsis We Needed 23 hours Election 2016 Facebook Alone Didn’t Create Trump—The Click Economy Did 2 days Movies Tom Cruise Goes Full Melee in Jack Reacher: Never Go Back 10.21.16 Geek's Guide to the Galaxy Alright, Folks, It’s Time Horror Got Some New Monsters 2 days Gaming NES Classic Is Sold Out, of Course. So How Can You Get One? 2 days National Affairs A US Judge May Sentence Wannabe Terrorists to ‘Deradicalization’ 9 hours We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours Travel back in time with the master of photo colorization: bit.ly/2g8FihV Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours Travel back in time with the master of photo colorization: bit.ly/2g8FihV Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Google Pixel vs. Apple iPhone 7: Can new Google phone take down its enemy? Andy Boxall Digital TrendsOctober 7, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Look out Apple, Samsung, and just about every other smartphone maker out there, because Google’s coming for you with the new Pixel smartphones. There are two, the Pixel and Pixel XL, and they run the very latest version of Android, look super, and have some exclusive features to make sure smartphone fans sit up and take notice. They come just a few weeks after Apple’s latest iPhone models went on sale. Like the Pixel there are two different types, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and they both look great, have some special features not seen on other iPhones, and as always with an Apple launch, made people sit up and take notice. Related: Google Pixel vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 — which 5-inch flagship is right for you? Inevitably, if you’re about to buy a new phone, these two will be on your list. The Pixel naturally goes up against the iPhone 7, so which one should you buy? Each phone has its own positive and negative points, and we’ve given them an thorough examination to find out which deserves your money. Google Pixel iPhone 7 Size 138.3 × 67.1 × 7.1 mm (5.61 x 2.74 x 0.31 in) 138.3 x 6.71 x 7.1 mm (5.44 x 2.64 x 0.28 in) Weight 5.04 ounces (143 grams) 4.87 ounces (138 grams) Screen 4.7-inch Retina HD LED-backlit widescreen 4.7-inch Retina HD LED backlit screen Resolution 1,080 × 1,920 pixels (441 ppi) 1,334 x 750 pixels (326 ppi) OS Android 7.1 iOS 10 Storage 32, 128GB 32, 128, 256GB MicroSD card slot No No NFC support Yes Yes Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 A 10 Fusion with 64-bit architecture, M10 motion coprocessor RAM 4GB 2GB Connectivity 4G LTE, GSM, CDMA, HSPA+, 802.11a/b/g/n/ac Wi-Fi 4G LTE, GSM, HSPA+, 802.11a/b/g/n/ac Wi-Fi Camera 12MP rear, 8MP front 12MP rear, 7MP front Video 4K at 30fps, 1080p at 30 or 60fps 4K at 30fps, 1080p at 30 or 60fps Bluetooth Yes, version 4.2 Yes, version 4.2 Fingerprint sensor Yes Yes Other sensors Barometer, gyro, accelerometer, proximity sensor, ambient light sensor Barometer, gyro, accelerometer, proximity sensor, ambient light sensor Water resistant Yes, IP53 rated Yes, IP67 rated Battery 2,770mAh 1,960mAh Ports USB Type-C Lightning Marketplace Google Store Apple App Store Color offerings Blue, silver, black Black, Jet Black, gold, rose gold, silver Availability Verizon, Google Fi AT&T, Verizon, Sprint, T-Mobile Price $650 $650 DT review Hands-on  3.5 out of 5 stars Performance Google PixelMore The Google Pixel is bang up to date with its processor. It uses the new Qualcomm Snapdragon 821, which is a small but significant update to the Snapdragon 820, seen in most major flagship phones released during 2016. The 64-bit Snapdragon 821 has four cores and gets a 10 percent performance bump over the already speedy Snapdragon 820, a 5 percent increase in graphical capabilities, is more energy efficient, and can use Quick Charge 3.0 for even faster battery recharging. Apple doesn’t use a Snapdragon chip, and instead uses the A10 Fusion chip of its own design. Apparently it’s 40 percent faster than the A9, according to Apple, and it’s the first time the company has used a quad-core chip. Both chips utilize the multiple cores in a similar way, splitting the workload across them to reduce power consumption during easy tasks. The Snapdragon 821 is so new, we’ve not seen a phone with it inside to test out yet, so establishing any of our own benchmarks is impossible. Early benchmark results seen in Geekbench 4 return a multi-core score of 4,089. The iPhone 7 managed 5,600. Does that make the Pixel a slowcoach? No, and we’re wary of that unconfirmed benchmark, as the Galaxy S7 regularly scores over 5,000, and it uses a Snapdragon 820 chip. At this early stage, we can’t say either phone is faster than the other. However, we know the iPhone 7 is quick, and have no reason to think the Snapdragon 821 will be any different. Elsewhere, the Pixel comes with 32GB or 128GB of internal storage, and doesn’t have a MicroSD card slot, sadly. The iPhone 7 adds a 256GB option to the list, so if masses of storage are important to you (and you can stomach the extra cost), the Apple phone has a slight advantage here. Winner: Tie (pending further tests) Design iphone-7More Read More This is ultimately going to come down to personal preference, but there are a few things you should keep in mind as you size the two up. The Pixel is made of metal, glass, and plastic. The glass panel on the rear provides the antenna with room to breathe, while the plastic sections recall manufacturer HTC’s Desire range of phones. It’s thin at 7.1mm and light at 143 grams. For the iPhone 7, Apple has blended in the antenna breaks more than on the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6S, decluttering the rear panel, but keeping the camera bump. Google has avoided this by slightly enlarging the body itself. The iPhone 7’s body is made from aluminum, is 7.1mm thick, and a little lighter than the Pixel at 138 grams. In our hands-on, the Pixel is described as being, “high-end, not too heavy, or fragile, even with the half-glass back.” Concerns over the screen bezel are also unfounded, with it appearing larger in pictures than in real life. The iPhone 7 is extremely comfortable to hold, with wonderfully curved sides, and corners that nestle in the palm nicely. Arguably, the Pixel looks a lot like an iPhone, but this doesn’t really bother us — both are great looking phones. Google gives you the choice of a white, black, or limited edition blue Pixel, and it’s the blue that really catches the eye. The iPhone 7’s jet black color is the elusive limited edition for showoffs, and it’s the regular matte black that’s the winner, as it neatly conceals the antenna lines for a smooth look. Google’s phones have never been stunners, while the iPhone 7 has a class that the Pixel can’t quite match, supreme in-hand comfort, and a real premium build, which along with its lighter body and wider choice of colors sees it edge out the Pixel here. Winner: iPhone 7 Battery and audio Google Pixel phoneMore Google has selected a 2,770mAh battery for the Pixel, complete with fast charging provided by the Snapdragon 821 and Qualcomm’s Quick Charge 3.0 feature. Plug it in using the USB Type-C cable and after 15 minutes it’ll be at 70 percent capacity. We’ve not used the phone for long enough to judge the overall use time on a daily basis. Inside the iPhone 7 is a 1,960mAh battery and in our review, we have seen 12 hours of solid use, and more than 40 percent left at the end of a day. There’s no fast charging though, and recharging the iPhone 7 will take longer than the Pixel. Neither phone has wireless charging as standard. The iPhone 7 has stereo speakers, and audio performance is vastly improved over the iPhone 6S while the Pixel has a single downward firing speaker. However, the Pixel retains a 3.5mm headphone socket, while Apple forces you to use headphones with a Lightning connector or Bluetooth. More battery capacity, faster charging, and a traditional headphone socket make the Pixel a clear winner. Winner: Google Pixel Display Apple iPhone 7 PlusMore Looking at the numbers, the Pixel should run away here. The 5-inch display is an AMOLED panel, therefore producing deep blacks and strong colors. It has a 1,920 x 1,080 pixel resolution and a 441ppi pixel density, is covered in protective 2.5D Gorilla Glass 4, and Google claims it has an excellent viewing angle with little decrease in brightness. Related: Apple iPhone 7 vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge The iPhone’s Retina HD LED-backlit screen measures 4.7-inches, has a 1,334 x 750 pixel resolution for a 326ppi pixel density, and also a 2.5D piece of glass over the front. Although it has a lower resolution, it does still look great, but the Pixel’s AMOLED screen and higher pixel count will automatically make pictures, webpages, and games look better. However, there is one thing in the iPhone 7’s favor, and that’s 3D Touch, Apple’s pressure sensitive system. Here, additional functionality can be accessed with a harder screen press, and it’s surprisingly helpful, especially with iOS 10 installed. The Pixel doesn’t have this feature. Despite this, it’s as much a software feature as it is a display feature, giving the Pixel the win. Winner: Google Pixel Camera Google Pixel phoneMore Let’s start with a spec shootout. The Pixel and the iPhone 7 both have 12-megapixel rear cameras. The Pixel has an f/2.0 aperture against the iPhone 7’s f/1.8 aperture, which should let in a little more light, plus it has a quad-LED flash rather than the Pixel’s dual-LED. However, while both have phase detection autofocus, laser autofocus only comes on the Pixel. Both have image stabilization, but only the iPhone uses traditional OIS, as the Pixel has a clever system that utilizes the phone’s gyroscope for smoothing out video. We’re big fans of the iPhone 7’s camera, although consider the iPhone 7 Plus to be the real winner, but have yet to really put the Pixel’s camera to the test. In our hands-on with the phone, we noted the speed with which it captured and processed photos, along with its low-light performance and cool HDR+ mode. The Pixel also has free, unlimited full resolution photo storage in the cloud through Google Photos, while you’ll have to pay for extra iCloud space or full-res Google Photos storage if you own an iPhone. Until we get our hands on the Pixel for a full review, we must turn to well-respected camera testers DxOMark, where the Pixel received an 89 rating, the highest of any smartphone yet. The iPhone 7 isn’t far behind with 86 though. It’s likely to be a tight contest between the iPhone 7 and the Pixel here, just like it is between the iPhone and the Galaxy S7, so we’re calling it a tie for now. Winner: Tie (Pending further tests) Durability Apple iPhone 7 PlusMore Unless these phones are securely wrapped up in a case, neither are going to come off well in the event of a nasty fall. Glass and aluminum bodies aren’t designed to withstand much shock. It’s also worth mentioning that if you choose the jet black iPhone 7 and don’t wrap it in a case, expect it to gather up some scratches and scuffs pretty quickly. Apple knows the special finish is delicate, and recommends the use of a case. Apple now edges ahead of the Pixel here, having made the iPhone meet IP67 standards of splash, water, and dust resistance. We’ve tested this out, and the iPhone happily continues working after taking a bath, something the Pixel is unlikely to do even with its basic IP53 protection. Accidents happen, and if they involve the wet stuff, you’ll be glad it was the iPhone and not the Pixel underwater. Winner: Apple iPhone 7 Software Google PixelMore If design was a difficult category to judge, due to personal preference playing a considerable role, software is also subjective. Unlike pitting a phone like the Galaxy S7 or LG G5 against the Pixel, Apple is prompt and regular with its software updates, which matches how Google will react with its new Pixel devices. The Pixel comes with Android 7.1 installed, the very latest version of the operating system, which can’t (and won’t) be found in this form anywhere else. The Apple iPhone has iOS 10. The two are very different, yet also quite alike. There are icons to tap, a virtual assistant to help — Assistant on the Pixel and Siri on the iPhone — and special messaging apps for both. On the Pixel, it’s Duo for video calls and Allo for chats, while on the iPhone there’s FaceTime and iMessage. Downsides of Google’s operating system don’t really apply here. It’s going to get regular updates, there’s no messy user interface over the top, and you’re assured of the latest version for at least a few years yet. Apple treats the iPhone in the same way. There’s little to choose between them when it comes to app stores either, with both being equally well stocked with apps, books, movies, and more. Winner: Tie Pricing and availability Apple iPhone 7More Wallets at the ready? They better be, because you’re going to have to open them pretty wide to get either one of these phones. Unlocked, without a contract, the Pixel will cost you $650 for the 32GB model or $750 for the 128GB, and it can be purchased directly through the Google Play Store. The iPhone 7 also costs $650 for the 32GB, $750 for the 128GB, and then $850 for the 256GB model. It can be bought through the Apple Store, either online or in a retail store. Contract prices vary for the iPhone, but it’s available with each major carrier in the U.S., while the Pixel is a Verizon exclusive. This hurts the Pixel here. We don’t like being forced onto one carrier and many people buy their phones in stores. However, there is good news for the Pixel: You can buy it unlocked from Google and get the same month-to-month financing you get with the iPhone at carriers. We’d suggest not buying either phone locked to a network, or fixed into a contract, anyway. There are financing options available for both the Pixel and the iPhone 7 through Google and Apple respectively too. However, be aware if you choose an iPhone on AT&T or Sprint with financing through Apple, it’ll be locked to that network. International buyers will also find it easier to buy an iPhone 7, with 25 countries on the list at launch, and more than 30 having been added since then. Others are coming in October. Google is only selling the Pixel in the U.S., the U.K., Canada, Australia, and Germany at the moment. Wider availability, more carrier options, and equal pricing sees the iPhone take this category. Winner: Apple iPhone 7 Overall winner: iPhone 7 (for now) It’s three category wins for the iPhone 7, and two for the Pixel, with three overall ties. However, two of those sections will likely have a different result when we’ve played with the Pixel for a longer amount of time, so there’s still everything to play for. It’s interesting to see where the iPhone 7 beats the Google Pixel, particularly because durability and price have long been problem areas for Apple, and winners for Android phones. Apple has turned that around with the iPhone 7. The Pixel has it beaten when it comes to display, battery, and the presence of a 3.5mm headphone socket. Right now, because you can buy it in more places, with fewer restrictions, and it won’t stop working if it gets wet, the iPhone 7 has to take the win. Don’t dismiss the Pixel yet though, we’ve yet to test out two areas where it could very easily fight back and take the win. Check back soon. Pixel vs. Pixel XL: How do Google’s first self-branded phones compare? Google Pixel vs. Samsung Galaxy S7: Which 5-inch flagship is right for you? Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Hands on with Google’s latest and Android 7.1 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Polls Show Hillary Clinton Leading Donald Trump in Election’s Final Days Fortune iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech All the Photoshops of this photo of Donald Trump and Barack Obama are perfect BGR News New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. IndiatimesThe Times of IndiaThe Economic TimesMore More Sign In / Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked In RSS YouTube Internet Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Tech Hardware Software Internet ITeS Do Big Stories You are here: ET Home›Tech›Internet 04:05 PM | 11 Novmarket stats SENSEX 26,819-698.86 NIFTY 50 8,296-229.45 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,344-556.0 USD/INR 67.240.61 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - Hindi GUJ - Gujarati MAR - Marathi BEN - Bengali KAN - Kannada ORI - Oriya TEL - Telugu TAM - Tamil Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Airtel to bundle free data with iPhone 7, Plus By ET Bureau | Updated: Oct 08, 2016, 01.35 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » iPhone | Airtel The free data will be in addition to plan benefits, the telco said. Officials said the free data is worth some Rs 30,000 spread over a year. RELATED COMPANIES EXPAND ADD TO Portfolio Watchlist OUTLOOK? +ve -ve Airtel x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ NEW DELHI: Bharti Airtel, India’s top telco, will offer free data bundled with Apple’s new iPhones. “iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus users can enjoy 10 GB free 4G/3G data per month for one year with any Airtel Infinity postpaid plan,” the Sunil Bharti Mittal-controlled company said in a statement on Friday, when the latest devices from Apple went on sale in India. The free data will be in addition to plan benefits, the telco said. Officials said the free data is worth some Rs 30,000 spread over a year. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus can be bought at retail shops or Airtel’s official website. Customers can enjoy the latest iPhones on Airtel’s mobile broadband network with bundles of data and unlimited voice calling with Infinity plans, said Ajai Puri, Director Operations (India & South Asia). The Infinity postpaid plans offer unlimited voice calling – local, STD and national roaming – along with bundled 4G/3G data, SMS and free subscription to Wynk music and Wynk movies. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Tech on TwitterFollow READ MORE ON » iPhone | Airtel Follow this section for latest news on Internet EmailRSS To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Tata-Mistry spat unlikely to hit TCS operations: Analysts Indian IT equipped for the Donald Trump challenge, says Infosys founder Narayana Murthy Infosys seeing pricing pressure: Vishal Sikka For Indian IT, president Trump may not be as bad as candidate Trump OC Tanner to set up software development center in Hyderabad More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebSensex, Nifty Live Blog|Gold Rate US Presidential Elections Live Updates|Festival Guide 2016 ​Google expected to unveil Pixel smartphones|Live: India's surgical strikes on PoK RBI Rate Cut  Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 The HTC Bolt won’t be available in Canada, but may be released globally under a different name November 11, 2016 OnePlus 3 to get Android Nougat later this month November 11, 2016 BlackBerry CEO confirms new keyboard phone is coming November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 Tesla is now offering the Model S with a full glass roof November 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 NES Classic Edition now available in Canada, though good luck finding one in stores November 11, 2016 Toronto’s eSports scene gains a racing-simulation arcade November 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 Canada makes top 20 list for LTE network accessibility in latest OpenSignal report November 10, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 Telus debuts hundreds of hours of Netflix content in 4K on Optik TV November 7, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 Compatibility docs hint Google might ban third-party fast-charging in upcoming Android devices November 8, 2016 Google’s 4K-enabled Chromecast Ultra is now available in Canada for $90 November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 The HTC Bolt won’t be available in Canada, but may be released globally under a different name November 11, 2016 OnePlus 3 to get Android Nougat later this month November 11, 2016 BlackBerry CEO confirms new keyboard phone is coming November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 Tesla is now offering the Model S with a full glass roof November 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 NES Classic Edition now available in Canada, though good luck finding one in stores November 11, 2016 Toronto’s eSports scene gains a racing-simulation arcade November 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 Canada makes top 20 list for LTE network accessibility in latest OpenSignal report November 10, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 Telus debuts hundreds of hours of Netflix content in 4K on Optik TV November 7, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 Compatibility docs hint Google might ban third-party fast-charging in upcoming Android devices November 8, 2016 Google’s 4K-enabled Chromecast Ultra is now available in Canada for $90 November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Fido is offering free data to its customers in celebration of turning 20 HTC’s September revenue rose 41.8 percent year-over year Apple awarded $120 million in patent case over Samsung Jessica Vomiero October 7, 2016 4:05pm Apple recently won a $120 million jury award in a patent case over Samsung. The case began in May of 2014 when a verdict directed Samsung to pay Apple $119.6 million for using its ‘slide to unlock,’ autocorrect and quick-link features without permission. The Globe and Mail reports that the verdict was appealed, and overturned in February of 2016. However, this past week, a jury determined that the original verdict never should have been overturned. Apple has been once again awarded $119.6 million in an 8 to 3 decision in a surprising conclusion to conclude a patent case that has spanned over two years. The decision was reportedly supported by evidence that the three-judge panels court appeal did not follow U.S. Supreme Court limits on the scope of the review. In December, a separate patent case forced Samsung to award Apple $548.2 million. That case will be heard in the Supreme Court on Tuesday. Related: Samsung patents new foldable tablet design with built-in keyboard and kickstand SourceGlobe and Mail John W The amount of money just being flopped around in these non stop lawsuits is mind blowing. Mo Dabbas That will help apple cope with that case they lost to VirnetX which apple are ruled to pay VirnetX 300 million dollars over some facetime technology infringement which of course is never mentioned here. Lawsuits in US are funny. Everybody can make or lose millions Mikie Thats because MS is run by a bunch of hipsters who have boners for apple thereasoner Apple has lost far more in patent cases against them then they’ll ever get back from others. $533 million to Smartflash, $22 million Acacia, $302 million to VirnetX, $3 million to Mobile Media, up to $800 +million to the UoW with $234 million currently awarded, $208 million to Mirror Worlds, untold amount ZNT over Siri patent violations, $24 million to Adventurine…. Add to this all the legal fees, the waste of money is staggering! It’s Me Most technology product companies, that have ever been sued, will lose more than they ever get back from suing others. They only ones that might not are ones that tend not to produce anything and make money through lawsuits. If you find one that makes more from lawsuits than they win, let me know. Jason And I’m sure that will be appealed again, I wonder how much they have spent in legal fees? samfisher Apple like BABY BABY BABY… Apple will lose anytime.. Mawhayden How oldareyouif you don’t mind me asking Do Do The comments here remind me of what came out in the original case between them, where it was revealed that both Samsung and Apple PAYED BLOGGERS to write. When I read some of the batty corporate fanboy comments on mobilesyrup I have to wonder who’s who and how much they’re getting payed. Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
null
null
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Enterprises Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Google starts big ad push touting new Pixel phone in fight with Apple and Samsung  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics This Week in Asia US election: Trump v Clinton G20: Hangzhou South China Sea: Hague case Hong Kong bookseller disappearances South China Sea Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Sino-US relations #SoHongKong Xi Jinping's anti-graft campaign China Briefing China: Around The Nation Hongcouver Occupy Central Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Tech›Enterprises Google Google Google starts big ad push touting new Pixel phone in fight with Apple and Samsung PUBLISHED : Saturday, 08 October, 2016, 2:34am UPDATED : Saturday, 08 October, 2016, 2:34am Comments:   Reuters Share PrintEmail Related topics Google Related Articles Enterprises Google rejects Europe’s anti-trust charges 4 Nov 2016 Tech Google, Visa and Mastercard want to get rid of passwords 25 Oct 2016 Business 7-Eleven, McDonald’s, Circle K ... Google launches Android Pay at 5,000 Hong Kong locations 20 Oct 2016 Google’s new “Pixel” smartphone is off to a fast marketing start with US$3.2 million in television ads in two days since it announced the upcoming launch, and ad executives expect Google to spend hundreds of millions more to keep up with rivals Samsung Electronics and Apple. Google’s launch of the first phone it has designed itself puts it in direct competition with the two dominant smartphone makers, which each market heavily. While Google’s brand is known around the world, and its Android operating system powers most of the world’s smartphones, including Samsung’s, it is not known as a consumer goods maker. It has made forays, such as the Chromecast streaming player, but not of this size. “This is the first time they are in the position of selling themselves to people, as opposed to selling themselves to brands,” said Rachel Pasqua, practice lead, connected life at MEC Global, a New York-based advertising agency. Alphabet’s Google declined to discuss how much it will spend advertising the Pixel but Google Vice President of Product Management Mario Queiroz told Reuters it was a “very significant marketing campaign”. He said the tech giant may buy ads during Thanksgiving football games. Such ads can cost around a million dollars, according to a media buyer, who wished to remain anonymous. The battle for smartphone supremacy: Google unveils new Pixel phone and VR headset to take on Apple and Amazon Wireless carrier Verizon Communications, which has a US exclusive on the Pixel, will make a significant investment of its own in TV, digital marketing and social media, from around the phone’s October 20 launch through the holiday season, said Jeff Dietel, vice president of device marketing at Verizon. Over the two days of the Google launch, when the company could be expected to spend heavily, Apple spent $2.45 million and Samsung spent $1.4 million, according to iSpot.tv, showing a competitive start for the Pixel. But Google still must work to find its creative signature in advertising, said Mike McKay, Chief Creative Officer of Eleven Inc., a San Francisco-based agency that works with Apple. The first spots for the Pixel phones bore some similarities to Apple’s ads, he said, noting the familiar stark white backdrop and shots of a slowly rotating phone. “When you have an inferior brand, it’s OK to compare yourself to someone to elevate you,” he said. “But when you are such a strong brand like Google, you have to find your own voice.”   Most Popular Viewed 1 Launch of China’s most powerful rocket helps Beijing close gap with US 2 China’s 30-year long march to its biggest ever rocket launch 3 Hong Kong point-and-view app that finds 'haunted flat' bargains 4 Young professor blazes trail for Hong Kong scientists in mainland China as she shines light on puzzle that eluded Einstein 5 Elon Musk’s surprise unveiling of Tesla’s ‘solar roof’ Shared 1 Launch of China’s most powerful rocket helps Beijing close gap with US 2 Hong Kong point-and-view app that finds 'haunted flat' bargains 3 China’s 30-year long march to its biggest ever rocket launch 4 Young professor blazes trail for Hong Kong scientists in mainland China as she shines light on puzzle that eluded Einstein 5 China’s giant FAST radio telescope to join hunt for extraterrestrial intelligence Commented 1 Beijing confirms it will interpret Basic Law over Hong Kong legislative oath controversy 2 Oath-row intervention reflects Beijing’s distrust of Hong Kong judges, lawyers say 3 Hong Kong charities, unions and political organisations refuse to ‘say no to shark’s fin’ 4 Taiwan calls on Beijing to reopen dialogue to pave way for peace deal 5 How did China’s Xi Jinping secure ‘core’ status in just four years? Promotions Register your FREE copy of Home Essentials 2017 now! Order your FREE copy of the MICE BIZ 2016 2H       You may also like China How new Xinjiang party boss became front runner in race to be one of China’s most powerful men 30 Oct 2016 - 11:24pm 2 Out on the town: experiencing Macau is far from a gamble In partnership with Macao Government Tourism Office Why bankers and cocaine are best of friends 30 Oct 2016 - 8:46pm 9 American Express corporate payment solutions help businesses drive savings for growth Presented by: American Express Hong Kong Illegal fees, little rest and no documents: domestic helpers in Hong Kong continue to fight for their rights 30 Oct 2016 - 8:07am 21 Hong Kong Should history lessons in schools include details about Hong Kong’s 1967 riots? 30 Oct 2016 - 10:29pm 9 China A billion billion calculations per second: where no computer has gone before 29 Oct 2016 - 8:00am 4 Hong Kong Meet Viveca Chow, Broadway musical star from Hong Kong Oct 28th 2016, 11:57pm World Plane bursts into flame at Chicago airport Oct 29th 2016, 3:45pm China China has world’s most skewed sex ratio at birth – again 27 Oct 2016 - 10:04pm 2 Post Magazine The Asian men who buy sex with Cambodian virgins 28 Oct 2016 - 10:54am 3 Post Magazine With the paedophile-hunters on the streets of Phnom Penh 28 Oct 2016 - 10:55am 1 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2016 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Music Movies TV Games Comedy Books Design Food Drink Travel Tech Comics Style Politics Soccer All Artists The Politics Issue Paste Cloud Paste Studio Daytrotter Podcasts Radio Music Movies TV Games Comedy Books Design Food Drink Tech Travel Comics Style Politics Soccer Paste Studio Daytrotter Podcasts Radio Google is Killing Nexus. Here Are 9 Other Products They Straight Up Ditched By Stephen Clark  |  October 7, 2016  |  2:30pm Tech Lists google Share Tweet Text This week Google has commandeered all the headlines in the tech world with its announcement of not just two new smartphones, but also a whole bevy of other devices along with it. While there’s plenty of reasons to be excited for the new Pixel phone, Google is quietly killing the Nexus phone program. The hardware in Nexus phones and tablets have always been based on a major manufacturer’s flagship device, which doesn’t make much sense under Google’s new unified Hardware Division. Adapting third party manufacturer hardware to create a reference spec may return someday, but it will probably not be given the Nexus name. All those moments will be lost in time, like tears in rain. The truth is when you have as much money as Google, you can afford to bet on longshots. For every wildly successful product like Gmail, there’s a Buzz or Wave. In some ways, there’s something refreshing about Google’s willingness to invest in ideas and give them up when they actually don’t make sense anymore. What happened to Google’s longshot hardware ideas? We take a look through the hardware and concepts that Google has abandoned over the years. 1. Nexus Q The Nexus Q was announced at the Google I/O Developers Conference in 2012. It impressed many with a wealth of input formats, high-quality audio output, and network connectivity. Some were given away at first, but for $299 customers expected more when compared to the $99 Apple TV. It was discontinued before launching and the niche was filled a year later by the more capable Chromecast at nearly one-tenth the price. 2. Nexus Player Google TV was built upon Android 3.2 Honeycomb, but never caught on. When they relaunched the effort as Android TV built on 6.0 Marshmallow, Google released reference hardware in the Nexus Player to promote the experience. At only $99, Google was now in direct competition with the Apple TV. It featured voice search and a more open architecture for app development. Less than two years later Google discontinued it and underwhelming sales may have been to blame. 3. Low Cost Tablets Google released announced the Nexus 7 tablet for only $199 packaged with free content and a $25 credit on the Google Play store. They followed it up with the Nexus 4, a phone which matched flagship specs but cost as little as $299. Both devices were less than half that of flagship devices from Apple or the other Android manufacturers. While we did eventually get the Nexus 5, we never got our update to the Nexus 7. There was a hardware update to the Nexus 7 but third party suppliers didn’t like Google undercutting them. 4. Play Edition Phones Back in 2013, Android had a serious fragmentation problem. Every major manufacturer had their own custom tweaks to the OS making an inconsistent experience for both users and developers. Along comes the Play Edition series. Google took the flagship smartphones from Samsung, HTC, Sony and Motorola (and a tablet from LG) and built the same basic Android experience on each that you get from the Nexus devices. They still were sold at premium prices so sales paled in comparison to the Nexus 4. Interest by the manufacturers quickly waned and the program was cut the next year. 5. Google Wallet Card Many Android smartphones have NFC chips for secure purchases, but they are by no means in all of them. When Google Wallet was launched in 2011 they also released a debit card letting you access your account wherever you could use plastic. Google eliminated support for the debit card in July of this year to focus on their rising competition, namely Apple Pay. 6. Google Search Appliance Put the power of Google on your internal corporate network. Just one box can give you Google-like access to up to 30 million documents. Including features we love like autocomplete and user profiles, and a catalog of up to 20 languages and hundreds of file formats. Support is destined to end by 2018 with no new hardware planned. Instead, Google is pushing towards cloud-based search making many system administrators uneasy. 7. Google Glass In what looked like an attempt to jump ahead several generations in personal computing, Google released a heads-up display that floats just in front of the user’s eyeball. Featuring a camera, microphone, and internet-connectivity, it was the general public’s worst privacy nightmare. The conspicuous design of the headware meant “Glassholes” could be easily spotted. It became clear the world wasn’t ready for Glass, but the project earned Google a wealth of patents. It still exists as a B2B solution, but is no longer available in the public marketplace. 8. Project Ara An ambitious project was intended as part of Google’s effort to get low-cost phones into developing markets. The plan was to sell a framework where cell phone components like processor, GPS, camera, screen and more could be swapped out. Each can be removed and upgraded without having to replace the whole phone. By the start of 2016 the project was modified to force certain core components into the non-upgradable framework. By September of the same year the project was shelved altogether. 9. Google Talking Shoes Technically more of an experiment than a product destined for market. Google played with interactive designers YesYesNo to give shoes motion sensors, internet-connectivity, and… a personality? The idea was to show what’s possible by giving technology some character. How would we interact differently if we felt judged by our footwear? Like a concept car, the technology may someday become a part of our lives but this shoe won’t be in stores any time soon. Tags google Recently in Tech The 5 Best Smart Security Cameras For Keeping Your Home Safe 11/10/2016 1:00:00 PM Ranking the 10 Best Android Smartphones You Can Buy Right Now (Nov. 2016) 11/9/2016 2:00:00 PM Take a Breath: Here's 10 Apps to Help You De-stress After Election Night 11/9/2016 10:00:00 AM More from google Video You Can Now Climb a Mountain From Home July 20, 2015 Features More Pixel XL Hands-On: Day One with Google's First Smartphone November 4, 2016 With Pixel, Google Has Left Nexus Owners in the Dust October 13, 2016 Google Home is a Smarter Amazon Echo with One Glaring Issue October 4, 2016 Daydreaming with Google: How VR Will Get to the Masses October 4, 2016 More google Features Reviews More Nexus 9 Review: Google Takes on the iPad January 7, 2015 When Google Met WikiLeaks by Julian Assange Review November 11, 2014 Pixel C Review: Beautiful Mess February 12, 2016 Nexus 6P Review: The Best of Android December 4, 2015 More google Reviews Lists More 3 Surprises From My First Day with Google Home November 8, 2016 Google is Killing Nexus. Here Are 9 Other Products They Straight Up Ditched October 7, 2016 Pixel: The 5 Best Features of Google's First Smartphone October 4, 2016 The 8 Weirdest Patents That Google Owns June 2, 2016 More google Lists Galleries More The History of Nexus Codenames: Google Loves Fish July 14, 2016 The 50 Best Google Doodles of All Time May 6, 2016 Fairy Tale Google Doodles Celebrate Charles Perrault's Birthday January 12, 2016 Hands-on with the Pixel C, Google's First Tablet December 21, 2015 More google Galleries News More Doctor Strange's Sanctum Sanctorum is on Google Maps October 24, 2016 Hello Noto: Google Ships The Most Expansive Typeface We've Ever Seen October 12, 2016 Google Announces New Harry Potter VR Game, EVE: Gunjack 2 October 4, 2016 Google Announces New Smartphone, Pixel October 4, 2016 More google News Most Popular Ranking the 10 Best Android Smartphones You Can Buy Right Now (Nov. 2016) 11/9/2016 2:00:00 PM The 5 Sad Reasons Why Vine is Being Shut Down 10/28/2016 3:45:00 PM The 5 Best Smart Security Cameras For Keeping Your Home Safe 11/10/2016 1:00:00 PM 3 Surprises From My First Day with Google Home 11/8/2016 1:30:00 PM Take a Breath: Here's 10 Apps to Help You De-stress After Election Night 11/9/2016 10:00:00 AM HP Spectre x360: A MacBook Pro for PC Users 10/28/2016 9:00:00 AM News Hype is YouTube Meets Vine With Some Glitter On Top 11/7/2016 2:00:00 PM Apple Adds David Bowie Emojis in Latest iOS Update 11/2/2016 5:17:21 PM You'll Be Able to Shop on Instagram Soon 11/2/2016 2:09:58 PM Vine, the Short Form Video App, is Dead 10/27/2016 4:35:00 PM These Are the Three New MacBook Pros, Two of Which Have the Touch Bar 10/27/2016 2:39:00 PM Editors' Picks The 50 Essential Android Apps (2016) 5/31/2016 3:15:00 PM The 10 Best Smartphones of 2015 12/4/2015 5:15:00 PM The 10 Best Tablets of 2015 12/7/2015 2:30:00 PM The 15 Best New Apps of 2015 12/30/2015 4:10:00 PM The 10 Best Home Gadgets of 2015 12/15/2015 2:30:00 PM The 10 Best Technology Advances of 2014 12/20/2014 4:30:00 PM The 10 Best Technology Advances of 2015 12/22/2015 10:00:00 AM The 10 Best Laptops of 2015 12/14/2015 6:45:00 PM The 10 Best Gadgets and New Tech of CES 2016 1/12/2016 2:30:00 PM Paste Cloud Tech Samsung KS8500 SUHD TV: An Investment for the Future 9/15/2016 11:00:00 AM Tech Galaxy Note 7: Phablet Perfected 9/12/2016 12:30:00 PM Tech The Logi Circle is a Great Camera for Watching Your Cat 9/2/2016 11:00:00 AM Tech 5 Best New Features of the Note 7 S Pen 8/22/2016 9:00:00 AM Tech Tech Try Out: This Cobblestone Makes Your Wired Speakers Wireless 7/30/2016 10:00:00 AM Tech Jaybird Freedom: The Best Wireless Earbuds 6/22/2016 10:30:00 AM Tech Essence Speakers: The World's Best Computer Speakers? 5/18/2016 10:30:00 AM Tech The Aquatune 5712 is a Nearly Indestructible Bluetooth Speaker 5/4/2016 9:06:29 PM Tech How Nextbit's Smart Storage Kicks MicroSD Cards to the Curb 4/23/2016 9:00:00 AM Paste Studio Music Lissie - Many Rivers to Cross 5/31/2016 12:00:00 AM Music Andrew Combs - Foolin' 6/15/2015 12:00:00 AM Music Vintage Trouble - High Times Are Coming 6/2/2012 12:00:00 AM Most Popular More Ranking the 10 Best Android Smartphones You Can Buy Right Now (Nov. 2016) 11/9/2016 2:00:00 PM The 5 Sad Reasons Why Vine is Being Shut Down 10/28/2016 3:45:00 PM The 5 Best Smart Security Cameras For Keeping Your Home Safe 11/10/2016 1:00:00 PM 3 Surprises From My First Day with Google Home 11/8/2016 1:30:00 PM Take a Breath: Here's 10 Apps to Help You De-stress After Election Night 11/9/2016 10:00:00 AM HP Spectre x360: A MacBook Pro for PC Users 10/28/2016 9:00:00 AM Roboming is an Adorable Robot Assistant That Will Bring You Snacks 11/11/2016 10:00:00 AM Pixel XL Hands-On: Day One with Google's First Smartphone 11/4/2016 10:00:00 AM Steve Jobs Was Right: Touchscreen Laptops Suck 11/7/2016 9:00:00 AM Why We Should Be Concerned About AT&T's Massive Merger and Privacy Accusations 10/31/2016 4:30:00 PM News More Hype is YouTube Meets Vine With Some Glitter On Top 11/7/2016 2:00:00 PM Apple Adds David Bowie Emojis in Latest iOS Update 11/2/2016 5:17:21 PM You'll Be Able to Shop on Instagram Soon 11/2/2016 2:09:58 PM Vine, the Short Form Video App, is Dead 10/27/2016 4:35:00 PM These Are the Three New MacBook Pros, Two of Which Have the Touch Bar 10/27/2016 2:39:00 PM Editors' Picks More The 50 Essential Android Apps (2016) 5/31/2016 3:15:00 PM The 10 Best Smartphones of 2015 12/4/2015 5:15:00 PM The 10 Best Tablets of 2015 12/7/2015 2:30:00 PM The 15 Best New Apps of 2015 12/30/2015 4:10:00 PM The 10 Best Home Gadgets of 2015 12/15/2015 2:30:00 PM The 10 Best Technology Advances of 2014 12/20/2014 4:30:00 PM The 10 Best Technology Advances of 2015 12/22/2015 10:00:00 AM The 10 Best Laptops of 2015 12/14/2015 6:45:00 PM The 10 Best Gadgets and New Tech of CES 2016 1/12/2016 2:30:00 PM Paste Cloud Samsung KS8500 SUHD TV: An Investment for the Future 9/15/2016 11:00:00 AM Galaxy Note 7: Phablet Perfected 9/12/2016 12:30:00 PM The Logi Circle is a Great Camera for Watching Your Cat 9/2/2016 11:00:00 AM 5 Best New Features of the Note 7 S Pen 8/22/2016 9:00:00 AM Tech Try Out: This Cobblestone Makes Your Wired Speakers Wireless 7/30/2016 10:00:00 AM Paste Studio More St. Vincent Dig A Pony 11/13/2010 12:00:00 AM An Horse Scared As Fuck 10/27/2011 12:00:00 AM Ben Kronberg Comedy 3/15/2016 12:00:00 AM Lissie Many Rivers to Cross 5/31/2016 12:00:00 AM Lissie Don't You Give Up On Me 5/31/2016 12:00:00 AM About Advertise With Us Contributors Privacy & Security Copyright Newsletter Facebook Twitter Contact Us © 2016 Paste Media Group. All Rights Reserved © 2016 Paste Media Group. All Rights Reserved
null
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Boffins find Galaxy making killer radiation, rule out Samsung phone as source Australia teases binning x86 for Power CPUs in new supercomputer Google BigQuery TITSUP caused by failure to scale-yer workloads CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Australia teases binning x86 for Power CPUs in new supercomputer Google BigQuery TITSUP caused by failure to scale-yer workloads Firewalls snuffed by 'BlackNurse' Ping of Death attack SimpliVity results scream 'I'm perfect for you, HPE!' Mark Zuckerberg is dead – Facebook confirmed Software biz boss on harassment charges represents himself, says I want a jury Google's crusade to make mobile web apps less, well, horrible Slacker or Team playa? Microsoft's Mr Business takes on messaging's corporate raider Your body reveals your password by interfering with WiFi Russia shoves antitrust probe into Microsoft after Kaspersky gripes about Windows 10 Join the Q: British intel agencies seek tech-savvy apprentices Russian banks floored by withering DDoS attacks The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Synopsys buys Cigital in secure DevOps push Policy The Channel Former Autonomy CFO indicted in USA for misleading investors Zuckerberg says just one per cent of news on Facebook is fake FCC wants a word with AT&T about that zero-rated DirecTV streaming Facebook agrees to dial back 'racial affinity' ads Google's new VR Daydream View will cripple your phone Google: If you think we're bad, you should take a look at Apple Sony: Get out Comedy Central, MTV – we've built a wall around Vue, the greatest wall ever Sega MegaDrive/Genesis lives again, in Brazil! SPB Geek's Guide Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Boffins find Galaxy making killer radiation, rule out Samsung phone as source CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north 2016 in a nutshell: Boffins break monkeys' backs to turn them into tragic shuffling cyborgs Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Race for wireless VR headset heats up Yeah, that '50bn IoT devices by 2020' claim is a load of dog toffee Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Brace yourselves! Blighty is turning to AI for help Verity Stob Spain's Prime Minister wants to ban internet memes. No, really A cardboard desk? I won’t stand for it (actually I will) Kotkin: Why Trump won Japanese cops arrest serial 'foot licker' More like this Software Developer App Store Software French programmers haul Apple into court over developer rules Your unfair contract cripples browsers, Nexedi complains 7 Oct 2016 at 19:30, Thomas Claburn Thomas Claburn Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Recent Articles Machine-learning craze reaches freelancers: AI skills sought for gigs Duck Google's data grab Puppet shows its hand: All your software is belong to us Nexedi, an open source software company based in France, has filed a lawsuit against Apple in Paris alleging that Apple's App Store contract is unfair. In a blog post, founder and CEO Jean-Paul Smets and UI designer Sven Franck said that the company has undertaken the lawsuit to force Apple to improve its support for the latest web technology in iOS. Smets and Franck point to technical shortcomings in mobile Safari such as lack of support for HTML5 service workers, webRTC, and WebM – web technologies necessary for running applications like the OfficeJS spreadsheet and Hubl.in online conferencing. At issue is Apple's requirement that third-party web browsers use the open-source WebKit layout engine. Apple has based its Safari browser on WebKit and requires that makers of competing browsers do the same for inclusion in its iOS App Store. Such technical homogeneity has compatibility and security benefits. At the same time, it prevents competitors from implementing capabilities that may be better than, different from, or unavailable in Apple's mobile browser. For years, Mozilla chafed at this restriction because it could not release Firefox for iOS with its Gecko engine. In 2015, it capitulated and released Firefox for iOS with WebKit support. Google is in a similar situation with its Chrome browser, but changes introduced in iOS 8 – specifically the ability to use the WKWebView rendering engine instead of the older UIWebView rendering engine – have allowed Chrome to close a performance gap with mobile Safari that existed for several years because Apple exempts its own software from rules applied to third parties. Smets and Franck contend Apple's rules are unfair. "We would be delighted at Nexedi to create a Web browser for iOS with better HTML5 support based on a recent version of Blink library, for example," they wrote in their blog post. "But as soon as we would publish it, it would be banned from Apple's App Store. Many developers have experienced this situation already. Many companies are being hurt by this situation. Some companies have already begged Apple to improve HTML5 support in iOS with little significant results." According to French publication Challenges, Nexedi has to spend €50,000 (~$55,860) annually to adapt its ERP5 software so it complies with Apple's rules. Smets and Franck said France several years ago passed a law designed to protect small companies from larger firms where there's a significant imbalance between the rights and obligations of the parties. That law has forced companies in other industries to modify their contracts, Smets told The Register in an email. "There are also some cases at the EU level based on competition law," said Smets. "But ... Apple has won cases that were based on competition law. This is why we use here French trade law." Apple did not reply to a request for comment. ® Sponsored: Transforming software delivery with DevOps Tips and corrections 46 Comments More from The Register Dell/Quest Software plans layoffs and relocations – source Some products may go, too, once private equiteers take over 3 Comments Sony wins case over pre-installed Windows software User refused to sign 'end-user licence agreement' at startup 178 Comments SonicWall goes it alone as Elliott and pal swallow Dell/Quest Software Rumours abound of product lines ending – and layoffs too 5 Comments How's this for irony? US Navy hit with $600m software piracy claim German software house says sailors are just the wurst 73 Comments Bleeping Computer countersues Enigma in software review libel row We bleeping didn't run a bleeping smear campaign, says site, you bleeping ran a bleeping smear campaign! 12 Comments Google offers baseball bat and some chains with which to hit open source software Fuzzing tool used to test Chrome lands on GitHub Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Assuring application performance at scale Empowering data center operators with an open and programmable network that easily scales to thousands of compute and storage nodes. Securing Productivity in the Borderless Enterprise Before you transform your business with mobility services, you need to consider both the management and security challenges you’ll face from the combination of mobile devices and cloud-based apps. Bullet-proofing Office 365 with MAX Mail Security is a constantly evolving challenge. The Internet is a melting-pot of threats, which mutate as quickly as security companies do their best to stop them. Most read Your body reveals your password by interfering with WiFi Physicists create the world's tiniest magnifying glass to see atomic bonds 2016 in a nutshell: Boffins break monkeys' backs to turn them into tragic shuffling cyborgs Race for wireless VR headset heats up CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north Spotlight Mac administrators brace for big changes to Apple-powered fleets Tailored Swift – coming soon to a cloud near you Toblerone's Brexit trim should be applied to bloatware Red Hat eye from the Ubuntu guy: Fedora – how you doin'? Pair programming – you'll never guess what happens next! Open Sorcerers: Can you rid us of Emperor Zuck? Apple’s macOS Sierra update really puts the fan into 'fanboi' Google Pixel: Devices are a dangerous distraction from the new AI interface Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
UPDATE Fear And Loathing in The App Store 16 - App Store Income Dashed With No Appeal   Login Register Edit Profile Change Region About Us   Home News Apple/iOS Main Menu Home Book Reviews Book Watch News Projects The Core Babbage's Bag History Swift's Spreadsheets The Stone Tapes Professional Programmer eBooks Programmer Puzzles Bargain Computer Books CodeBin I Programmer Weekly New Articles! Just JavaScript - In The Beginning Was The Object Android App Architecture - An Overview Of Async More Monitors! jQuery 3 - Creating & Modifying The DOM JavaScript Data Structures - The Associative Array Peachpie Open Source PHP to .NET Compiler Android Adventures - Events Fundamental C - Program Structure What Makes A Programmer Udemy's Angular 2-The Complete Guide Course Review Java Data Types - Numeric Data jQuery 3 - Modifying DOM Objects Android Adventures - Building The UI 2.2 How Will AI Transform Life By 2030? Initial Report Javascript Data Structures - a collection object New Book Reviews! Social eCommerce Scrum For The Rest Of Us! Seven Concurrency Models in Seven Weeks Developer Testing - Building Quality Into Software Introducing Microsoft SQL Server 2016 Modern Web Development Optimized C++ Learning Perl, 7th Edition Begin to Code with C# Ada's Algorithm Raspberry Pi User Guide (4e) The Java Tutorial 6th Ed ASP.NET 4.6 Web Programming with C# 2015 Data Analytics With Hadoop Professional C# 6 and .NET Core 1.0 Popular Articles Arrays in Python Android Adventures - Getting Started With Android Studio 2.2 Can You Do The Regular Expression Crossword? Getting started with Excel VBA Beautiful Architecture JavaScript Data Structures - Associative Array A Worm's Mind In A Lego Body Using the WPF .NET 4.0 DataGrid Data structures - Trees Sorting algorithms as dances Dumping .NET - Microsoft's Madness Weak typing - the lost art of the keyboard Online regular expression generator A Better Way To Program A Crab-Based Computer The Mod Function UPDATE Fear And Loathing in The App Store 16 - App Store Income Dashed With No Appeal Written by Lucy Black    Tuesday, 11 October 2016 UPDATE: Someone isn't telling the truth, but that isn't really the issue. If you've already read the original news story, scroll to the bottom of the news item to decide whether Apple or Popescu has right on their side. Whichever it is, the underhand and clandestine machinations and the lack of a proper appeals process means that the developer can never be sure of a fair trial.   The dangers of living in an app store are obvious but somehow we all think that things will go well and there is nothing to worry about - but your income can be nuked in a single act and it does happen. The Dash iOS programming app from Kapeli has been banned from the App Store and Apple say that no appeal is possible.   The Dash app is a programmer's utility, an API documentation browser and code snippet manager, which is reasonably well thought of. It is source of income for programmer Bogdan Popescu, Kapeli's sole developer. However Popescu's blog post of October 5th states: "Earlier today, Apple cancelled my developer account and has removed Dash from the App Store." The really disturbing thing is how little information Apple supplied about the incident. In fact because the cancellation occurred during an administrative change to the account it wasn't even immediately obvious: Yesterday I sent Apple a request to migrate my account from an individual one to a company one. Once I verified my company with its D-U-N-S Number, they notified me that some features in iTunes Connect won’t be available during account migration. A while later my iTunes Connect account started showing as “CLOSED” and my apps were removed from sale. I thought this was normal and part of the migration. Today I called them and they confirmed my account migration went through and that everything is okay as far as they can tell. A few hours ago I received a “Notice of Termination” email, saying that my account was terminated due to fraudulent conduct. I called them again and they said they can’t provide more information. Yes it does sound a lot like something that would happen in a Kafka novel, only in this case there isn't a trial anywhere in sight. The blog was later updated with the note: "Apple contacted me and told me they found evidence of App Store review manipulation. This is something I’ve never done. Apple’s decision is final and can’t be appealed." Trial without jury, appeal or - well, trial of any sort. OK you might think that he is guilty and deserves everything that has happened, but you can't be certain and, in the issue of review manipulation, neither can Apple. A third party might well have done the deed and might even have done so to frame the innocent. So, without recourse to an appeal, a programmer has lost the right to sell his perfectly reasonable program without any way to market it to an alternative customer base. What is even worse is that, without a developer account,  Kapeli can't even write programs for iOS and hence Apple has invalidated all of the knowledge and skill he invested in acquiring. To stop a programmer from working on a particular platform is restrictive and bad, but to stop them after they have mastered it is criminal.  There has to be a right of appeal and a clear and a public due process. The app store is perhaps the worst invention of 21st century programming imaginable. In their current form they aren't so much walled gardens but totalitarian states with a weak sense of justice.  We really need to do something.   The big problem is that the usual organizations that fight for software and programmer freedom are not on the case because the programmer has, from their world view, already sold out to closed source software.    Update: 10/11/2016 Apple has now released a press statement to a select set of websites generally regarded as Apple-friendly. The Loop, for example, quotes from it with:  "Almost 1,000 fraudulent reviews were detected across two accounts and 25 apps for this developer so we removed their apps and accounts from the App Store. Warning was given in advance of the termination and attempts were made to resolve the issue with the developer but they were unsuccessful. We will terminate developer accounts for ratings and review fraud, including actions designed to hurt other developers. This is a responsibility that we take very seriously, on behalf of all of our customers and developers." Popescu has responded with a blog post: "What I’ve done: 3-4 years ago I helped a relative get started by paying for her Apple’s Developer Program Membership using my credit card. I also handed her test hardware that I no longer needed. From then on those accounts were linked in the eyes of Apple. Once that account was involved with review manipulation, my account was closed. What Apple has done: on Friday they told me they’d reactivate my account if I’d make a blog post admitting some wrongdoing. I told them I can’t do that, because I did nothing wrong. On Saturday they told me that they are fine with me writing the truth about what happened, and that if I did that, my account would be restored. Saturday night I sent a blog post draft to Apple and have since waited for their approval. Tonight Apple decided to accuse me of manipulating the App Store in public via a spokesperson." If we ignore Apple trying to manipulate the publicity machine so that Popescu has to confess before being forgiven, we also have the small matter that Popescu has a phone recording where an Apple spokesperson admits that they didn't give him any prior notification of the closing of his account. You might, at this point, be ready to take sides. Clearly Apple has some evidence of wrongdoing and it claims to be linked to an account that the Popescu has had something to do with in the past. It is also clear that, by being connected with this account, Popescu has made things more difficult. But... and this is the really, really important point, it doesn't matter where the guilt lies in this case, what is important is how the guilt and the punishment are being handed out.  There is no public evidence, no due process and no trial of any kind. Apple has a completely opaque policing of the app store and removes the right to practice the skill of iOS programming without public proof of wrongdoing.  Apple might be right or it might be wrong, but asking for a public confession in return for a lenient sentence is an unforgivable act of a bully and a PR disaster.  More Information Apple Has Removed Dash from the App Store Dash and Apple: My Side of the Story   Fear and Loathing In The App Store Apple Drops Bitcoin App  Apple Rejects App For Being Too Simple      Banned For Life       When Apps Vanish Apple Doesn't Want Amateur Hour        Apple's Reasons For Rejection  Google Wants Everyone To Know Where You Live    Apple Takes Down Innovative App       The EFF Refuses Apple's Conditions        Firefox Gets A Walled Garden         Apple Is Watching        Apple Punishes IFixit   Fear And Loathing In the App Store 13 - Apple Rejects Gravity  Apple Rejects F.lux And It Isn't Even In The App Store! Apple Bans F.lux And Then Duplicates  It App Store Income Dashed With No Appeal Jailbreaking the Developer   Epic Games CEO Finally Notices That UWP Apps Are A Walled Garden     To be informed about new articles on I Programmer, sign up for our weekly newsletter, subscribe to the RSS feed and follow us on, Twitter, Facebook, Google+ or Linkedin.    Taking Code to the Classroom 26/10/2016 This year's Hour of Code is fast approaching and now it and Computer Science Education Week, next happening December 5 - 11, 2016, appear to be fixtures in the school year. But Code.org has achie [ ... ] + Full Story Atom Asks About Telemetry 18/10/2016  An updated version of Atom has been released just five weeks after Atom 1.10 was released. Atom 1.11 offers a number of improvements to the text editor. + Full Story More News European Astro Pi Challenge $200 Million Investment In IBM Watson Passive Haptic Learning - The No Effort Way To Learn Zooids Zoom Around Your Desktop Neural Networks Have A Universal Flaw //No Comment - PyPy3 5.5.0, BuckleScript: 1.0 & Honey Rovables - Wearables That Crawl All Over You Windows 10 Stalls Reversible PHP Debugger Released Get Involved With AI XPrize Kotlin 1.05 Released October Restarts For Data Analysis, Machine Learning and Algorithms Intel Wants To Replace Fireworks By Drones Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Last Updated ( Tuesday, 11 October 2016 )     Follow @Iprogrammerinfo     RSS feed of news items only Copyright © 2016 i-programmer.info. All Rights Reserved. Joomla! is Free Software released under the GNU/GPL License. Powered by Joomla!. ValidXHTML andCSS.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Copycat Samsung to Introduce Galaxy S8 in Q1 2017 with Dual Cameras and No Home Button | Main | The Day Before Apple Launches the New MacBook Pro, Microsoft will introduce their iMac Challenger » October 07, 2016 Court Rules Samsung Intentionally Infringed Apple Patents & Orders Increased Judgement to be Considered   In February Patently Apple reported that "the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit in Washington, D.C., said Samsung Electronics Co Ltd did not infringe Apple's 'quick links' patent, and that two other patents covering the iPhone's slide-to-unlock and auto-correct features were invalid." It's being reported today that Apple has won their appeal that officially reinstates a patent-infringement verdict it won against Samsung, including the 'slide-to-unlock' feature for smartphones and tablets.   The verdict wasn't even close. Bloomberg reports that "In an 8-3 ruling, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit said a three-judge panel was wrong to throw out the $119.6 million verdict in February. Instead, it ordered the trial judge to consider whether the judgment should be increased based on any intentional infringement by Samsung." Zing!   Circuit Judge Kimberly Moore wrote for the majority stating "That was a wrong decision, the court ruled Friday, because it relied on issues that were never raised on appeal or on information that was beyond the trial record. The jury verdict on each issue is supported by substantial evidence in the record."   Bloomberg further noted that "The Federal Circuit handles all patent appeals in the U.S., so its decisions have broad ramifications for how cases are handled in the courts and before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.   The decision Friday comes less than a week before the U.S. Supreme Court considers another case Apple had filed against Samsung. That case, to be argued Tuesday in Washington, focuses on how much Samsung should pay for copying patented designs for Apple's iPhone."   The last few months have been a disaster for Samsung. Rushing out their Note7 smartphone to get ahead of the iPhone-7 launch has proven to be nothing short of an epic blunder. Cutting corner on safety has physically hurt their customers and putting others in grave danger as witnessed on Southwest Airlines Note7 battery explosion this week. Their smartphone fiasco has spread to China. And though Samsung denies there's any problem, that's what they told the press about the newly release replacement Note7's. Yet the explosion on the plane this past week was in fact a replacement Note7. So how could the Chinese or anyone trust them?   Just this morning Patently Apple pointed out that Samsung is steamrolling ahead to copy a feature that they know Apple will be introducing with their 2017 iPhone: Dropping the Home Button.   Samsung is obsessed with copying Apple and so it's great news to read today that the Federal U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit in Washington has reversed an earlier judgement and believes that Samsung should actually pay more for its intentional infringement. That's usually referred to as 'Willful infringement' which carries a very hefty premium of at least double the verdict. At the end of the day, Samsung can't hide behind another appeal regarding these patents and so finally they're legally recognized as intentionally being what we've all known for years: an infringing COPYCAT.   About Comments: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on October 07, 2016 at 01:15 PM in 3. Patently Legal | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung sets their Eyes on a Revolutionary Holographic TV Lest we Forget: Remembrance and Veterans Day 2016 Samsung Reconsiders Foldable Smartphones as Fear of another Market Blunder Weighs Heavily on the Company Apple Supplier Japan Display may get one last Government Bailout to help it Shift to OLED Why is Samsung Racing to launch their first Foldable Dumbphone? Apple Updates 'Glass Fused Device Housing' Patent by shining a light on a Possible Illumination Feature Apple Refines their Head-Mounted Display Device for a Second Time this Year Apple's CEO Sends Memo out to Employees to Calm Election Aftermath Tensions and Anxiety Silicon Valley's Mental Breakdown over President-Elect Trump is Seriously Warped Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice Printers All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NESClassic SurfaceBook ZuckerbergFakeNews Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Cell Phones/ $120 Million Apple Patent Win Against Samsung Reinstated $120 Million Apple Patent Win Against Samsung Reinstated By Chloe Albanesius October 7, 2016 03:01pm EST 10 Comments At issue are patents covering slide-to-unlock, tap-to-call, and autocorrect features. In another setback for Samsung this week, an appeals court reinstated a $120 million patent judgment that Apple won in the companies' long-running feud. As Bloomberg reports, the full US Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit today reversed a February decision by a three-judge panel that threw out a $119.6 million verdict in Apple's favor. At issue are patents covering slide-to-unlock, tap-to-call, and autocorrect features. In February, the court found that the slide-to-unlock and autocorrect patents were invalid, while tap-to-call wasn't actually infringed. Apple's '647 patent, which describes how to turn phone numbers into links, allowing people to call a number in one click, was worth $98.7 million alone. So the February decision meant Samsung didn't didn't have to pony up $120 million or change its product designs. //Related Articles $120M Judgment Against Samsung in Apple Patent Case Reversed Today, however, the court ruled in favor of Apple in an 8-3 vote. As Bloomberg notes, the vote was a surprise and the three who voted against it were the ones who threw out the $120 million judgment in the first place. This case is separate from an Aug. 2012 decision that awarded Apple $1.05 billion, a sum that has since been reduced to $548 million. Samsung is taking that one all the way to the Supreme Court, which will consider it next week. Last year, Apple and Samsung agreed to drop all patent litigation outside of the States, leaving only US cases to be fought in court. Back to top Previous : Pre-Order LG's Dual-Display V20 Phone From AT&T Here's How the Samsung Galaxy S7 Tops the Pixel, iPhone Next : By Chloe Albanesius Executive Editor, News & Features Chloe Albanesius has been with PCMag.com since April 2007, most recently as Executive Editor for News and Features. Prior to that, she worked for a year covering financial IT on Wall Street for Incisive Media. From 2002 to 2005, Chloe covered technology policy for The National Journal's Technology Daily in Washington, DC. She has held internships at NBC's Meet the Press, washingtonpost.com, the Tate Gallery press office in London, Roll Call, and Congressional Quarterly. She graduated with a bachelor's degree in journalism from American University... More » More Stories by Chloe Clinton vs. Trump: Where They Stand on Technology While neither candidate is exactly a tech genius, they do have some ideas on issues concerning the i... More » #RIPVine: Our Favorite 6-Second Videos Some of us spent last night in a Vine rabbit hole thanks to #RIPVine; these are our favorites. More » Facebook Adds Snapchat-Like 'Masks' for Live Video If you're camera shy, the social network is also adding some Halloween "reactions. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Everything Coming to Netflix in November What Is USB-C? An Explainer MacBook Pro 2016: Should You Upgrade? How to Launch Windows Without Entering a Password 7 Games You'll Want to Buy in November »See More //Related Reviews Apple iPhone 7 Plus Blu Life One X (Unlocked) HTC 10 Motorola Moto Z Force Droid The Best Phones of 2016 //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Boffins find Galaxy making killer radiation, rule out Samsung phone as source Australia teases binning x86 for Power CPUs in new supercomputer Google BigQuery TITSUP caused by failure to scale-yer workloads CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Australia teases binning x86 for Power CPUs in new supercomputer Google BigQuery TITSUP caused by failure to scale-yer workloads Firewalls snuffed by 'BlackNurse' Ping of Death attack SimpliVity results scream 'I'm perfect for you, HPE!' Mark Zuckerberg is dead – Facebook confirmed Software biz boss on harassment charges represents himself, says I want a jury Google's crusade to make mobile web apps less, well, horrible Slacker or Team playa? Microsoft's Mr Business takes on messaging's corporate raider Your body reveals your password by interfering with WiFi Russia shoves antitrust probe into Microsoft after Kaspersky gripes about Windows 10 Join the Q: British intel agencies seek tech-savvy apprentices Russian banks floored by withering DDoS attacks The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Synopsys buys Cigital in secure DevOps push Policy The Channel Former Autonomy CFO indicted in USA for misleading investors Zuckerberg says just one per cent of news on Facebook is fake FCC wants a word with AT&T about that zero-rated DirecTV streaming Facebook agrees to dial back 'racial affinity' ads Google's new VR Daydream View will cripple your phone Google: If you think we're bad, you should take a look at Apple Sony: Get out Comedy Central, MTV – we've built a wall around Vue, the greatest wall ever Sega MegaDrive/Genesis lives again, in Brazil! SPB Geek's Guide Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Boffins find Galaxy making killer radiation, rule out Samsung phone as source CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north 2016 in a nutshell: Boffins break monkeys' backs to turn them into tragic shuffling cyborgs Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Race for wireless VR headset heats up Yeah, that '50bn IoT devices by 2020' claim is a load of dog toffee Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Brace yourselves! Blighty is turning to AI for help Verity Stob Spain's Prime Minister wants to ban internet memes. No, really A cardboard desk? I won’t stand for it (actually I will) Kotkin: Why Trump won Japanese cops arrest serial 'foot licker' More like this Patent Trial Business Actually, yes, Samsung, you do have to pay Apple $120m Decade-long game of patent tennis nearly over Cough up, Sammy ... Photo by UzFoto / Shutterstock 7 Oct 2016 at 18:42, Kieren McCarthy Kieren McCarthy Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Security , Iana, Icann, Fcc, Google Recent Articles DNS devastation: Top websites whacked offline as Dyn dies again Coming soon to smart home devices? Best Before labels – with patch cut-off dates IoT insecurity: US govt summons tech bosses, bashes heads together In yet another reversal in the Apple-Samsung patent war, Samsung was told on Friday it actually did have to pay Apple $120m for infringing three patents. The surprise decision [PDF] from the full Federal Appeals Court in Washington, DC, comes eight months after it was told by a smaller three-person appeals panel that it did not have to pay. And that came just under two years after Samsung was hit with the fine because a jury decided it had copied slide-to-unlock, autocorrect and quick-link features in its phones. As if that wasn't confusing enough, the Supreme Court will next week look at a separate Apple-Samsung patent case in which Samsung was fined $548m for copying the iPhone's rounded corners, among other patents. The full court ruling was somewhat of a slapdown of the three members of the previous panel, with the 8-3 ruling showing the rest of the federal court ganging up on them. The three should not have overturned the original jury verdict, their colleagues said. They agreed with Apple's argument that the judges had relied on information that was not part of the original trial and which had also not been introduced by Samsung in the appeal process. In other words, the judges did their own independent research and decided that the original jury was wrong – something that the full court of appeals said goes against rules set by the Supreme Court. "Fact findings are indisputably the province of the district court," the judgment noted. In even worse news for Samsung, the appeals court also asked the trial judge to consider whether the judgment should actually be increased because of intentional infringement – willfulness – by the company. On the plus side, the award for Samsung and against Apple for $158,400 for yet another patent was upheld. So that's something. ® Sponsored: 10 Reasons LinuxONE is the best choice for Linux workloads Tips and corrections 36 Comments More from The Register EMC-Pure Storage patent sueball circus sent back to square one Old Sun Microsystems patent prompts judge to order retrial 2 Comments Ludicrous Patent of the Week: Rectangles on a computer screen Pic Rights warriors gives their two cents on Tencent's nonsense 58 Comments Apple guilty in iPhone ringtone patent rip-off battle with Sony, Nokia Cupertino giant told to cough up equivalent of a rounding error on its financial sheets 23 Comments Score one for the patent trolls: US appeals court says it's OK to shop for patent-friendly judges No escape in sight from Delaware and eastern Texas 38 Comments Akamai, Limelight bury hatchet (not in each other) to end patent spat Networking foes settle war over 'induced infringement' with $54m deal 3 Comments Apple: Samsung ripped off our phone patent! USPTO: What patent? Cupertino could lose chunk of payout in smartphone suit 88 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Assuring application performance at scale Empowering data center operators with an open and programmable network that easily scales to thousands of compute and storage nodes. Securing Productivity in the Borderless Enterprise Before you transform your business with mobility services, you need to consider both the management and security challenges you’ll face from the combination of mobile devices and cloud-based apps. Bullet-proofing Office 365 with MAX Mail Security is a constantly evolving challenge. The Internet is a melting-pot of threats, which mutate as quickly as security companies do their best to stop them. Most read Your body reveals your password by interfering with WiFi Physicists create the world's tiniest magnifying glass to see atomic bonds 2016 in a nutshell: Boffins break monkeys' backs to turn them into tragic shuffling cyborgs Race for wireless VR headset heats up CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north Spotlight Testing times: Between some IoT code and a hard place CIOs: VDI? Maybe, just maybe, it really will be different this time... Power to the (outsourced) people – globalisation starts small Brexit judgment could be hit for six by those crazy Supreme Court judges, says barrister Broadcom would certainly be broader with Brocade on board Lessons from the Mini: Before revamping or rebooting anything, please read this Hardware ain't hard, money is: Crowdfunding, bootstraps and startups EMC Dell deal: They're loved up and living together, but whose house rules? Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV October 7 GOOG: 775.08 -1.78 Opinion: I understand why Google is holding back Assistant, but it’s annoying to Nexus fans Stephen Hall - 1 month ago @hallstephenj Android Google Assistant View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google’s new Pixel smartphone doesn’t really have much to justify its premium price on the hardware side. It has the “best smartphone camera ever” perhaps (that’s still yet to be officially determined, other than by DxOMark), there are some hardware optimizations, and the phone sports the super-new and super-fast Snapdragon 821. But other than that, Google is relying mostly on software to set this phone apart from the crowd. That’s fine by me, except for the fact that most of the software features Google is touting are only artificially exclusive to the Pixel. One of the most obvious is Assistant, Google’s AI-powered evolution of Google Now that the Mountain View company is putting in a lot of its new products. It’s built-in to Allo, it’s the central interface for Google Home, and of course, it’s front-and-center with a new home button on the Pixel phones. What frustrates me, though, is that there’s not really any reason other than helping push the Pixel out the door to hold it back from last year’s Nexus phones. Google, the company that has long pioneered Android as “open,” is closing some things off… This reminds me a lot of the launch of Siri on the iPhone 4S, which Apple famously touted as the big selling point of the phone — while holding the feature back from software updates to the iPhone 4. It was purely a software feature, and Apple used it as the central selling point. Perhaps this isn’t the best comparison, though, because the performance difference between iPhone 4 and 4S was a lot more substantial than, let’s say, the Nexus 6P and the Pixel XL. Apple might have had some justification for that decision. Google also has some justification, but it really comes only in the form of exclusivity and marketing. As our own Ben Schoon even admitted himself, a big reason he jumped on the Pixel bandwagon is because it just has lots of software exclusives that are hard to pass up. Assistant is the big one, but the Pixel and Pixel XL also offer 24/7 customer care, a lot of Android 7.1 features, the Pixel Launcher, and unlimited full quality photo and video backup with Google Photos. Some of these will eventually make their way to some of the newer Nexus devices, but for now, Google is using them to get you to spend $650+ on a phone that actually leaves a decent amount to be desired in the hardware department. The physical design isn’t exactly groundbreaking, there’s no waterproofing, there’s no OIS, there’s only one bottom-firing speaker… Perhaps the other justification Google has for limiting Assistant’s launch on older Nexus devices for the time being is to give it — and Google — a chance to learn some more and iron out some kinks before being pushed out to the “masses” (I put that in quotes because the number of people using Nexus devices is insanely small compared to the entire smartphone market). But I don’t really buy that, because Google already released Assistant publicly in the form of Allo. And anyone on any device — including iPhone — can download it and try it out right now. Rather, I think that Google wants its hardcore Nexus fanbase to help it promote the Pixel and get some sales moving out the gate. Honestly, if Google had released (or even directly promised) the Assistant in a software update — or even a developer preview — for the Nexus 6P and 5X, how many of Google’s most loyal fans who bought a Nexus last year would skip out on the Pixel and Pixel XL for now (or even entirely)? I think the number would be pretty decent. But it’s still annoying to me. Google has long trumpeted Android as an open platform and has never used software exclusivity to sell its hardware like this before. It’s a very Apple-like move, and only in the worst way. Google seems to be waking up to the fact that top-to-bottom control of its software and hardware will be the only way it can produce phones that have the “fit and finish” to compete well with the iPhone (although we aren’t really seeing the benefits of this with the Pixel, yet), but unfortunately they’re throwing long-time Nexus fans and loyalists under the bus in the process. Other than pushing sales of the Pixel, there’s no reason the Nexus 6P can’t have Assistant today. This has to be artificial for the most part, because even Google itself says that they want to allow 3rd-parties to put the Assistant on anything. “We imagine a future where the assistant will be able to help from any context and from any kind of device,” the company said at its event earlier this week. They even mentioned the eventual possibility that Assistant could run on a Raspberry Pi. And one of our anonymous tipsters (if you’re reading this, feel free to send us an anonymous encrypted email, we’d really love to chat), who has told us some things that ended up confirmed, also suggests that this is the case. We’re hearing from said tipster that internal developer Nexus devices have the Assistant running “perfectly” (The Verge also mentioned it running on the Nexus 6P in a lengthy feature). Further, this person confirms the obvious, saying that Google is holding it back for a some amount of time to give Pixel the exclusive. The Android 7.1 change log that Android Police obtained, however, clearly distinguishes which features are Pixel-exclusive. The developer preview for Android 7.1 is said to be coming at least to the 6P, 5X, and Pixel C, by the end of the year. Here’s what Google told us on the matter: There will be certain features — such as the Google Assistant — that will be unique to Pixel before we make a decision to offer it up to the rest of the ecosystem.  With some of these features currently unique to Pixel, we’re carefully experimenting with these changes to assess user reaction and feedback. So when and which devices in Google’s portfolio will get the Assistant is entirely up in the air for the moment. Which, I don’t know about you, is probably a sign of things to come. It’s clear that the Pixel line is going to basically have its own fork of Android (which, actually, was true of the Nexus phones as well considering they didn’t run technically pure “stock” AOSP). What’s confusing is that we’ve now heard of a couple cases where Google is considering Nexus-like devices. The Huawei tablet that we’ve (and Evan Blass, and some others) heard about is one of them (which likely won’t be Pixel-branded, as Huawei refused to let Google remove its branding for the Pixel), but Android Police also noted that Huawei is being “solicited by Google” to make a mid-range smartphone as well for launch next year. Assistant is probably just the first of many features that make up the “more opinionated” exclusives of the Pixel line, and while it’s exciting that Google is taking the bull by the horns and trying to deliver a unique and compelling top-to-bottom smartphone package, it’s also going to be unfortunate for those that want to stick with Android but would perhaps prefer hardware from other companies (or in this case, would like to stick with Google’s hardware from last year for a while). Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Google Assistant View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple This insane bezel-less screen might be a taste of things to come from the iPhone 8 Chris Smith BGR NewsOctober 7, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share The iPhone 7 Plus is currently the best iPhone money can buy. The handset has a better camera and more RAM than its smaller counterpart, which is a first for Apple. Previous iPhone pairs including the iPhone 6/Plus and iPhone 6s/Plus had nearly identical feature sets, with only minor differences existing between them (screen and battery size, and optical image stabilization). But the iPhone 7 Plus is still a very big device — too big for some people — and the size is unavoidable due to Apple's current design. Next year's iPhone 8 Plus is also expected to be the better version of the iPhone 8, but the phone doesn't necessarily need to be as big as the iPhone 7 Plus. DON’T MISS: Under no circumstances should you buy a Galaxy Note 7 The front side of the iPhone features large spaces at the top and bottom that are needed to house various components, including the front-facing camera, speaker, sensors and the home button. Next year, Apple will place the home button under the iPhone 8’s display. The phone will likely not have a headphone jack either. These design choices would let Apple expand the screen across more of the iPhone's face. In other words, the company could reduce the sizes of the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus without reducing the display. But it turns out that Apple could also reduce the top bezel of the handset by employing an edge to edge display. And at least one company gas already made such a screen. sharp-connect-r-display-2More Sharp’s Corner R display, shown above, can be cut in different shapes, The Verge reports. Such a solution would let Apple equip its iPhone 8 models with edge-to-edge displays. Sure, the display in the image above is mounted on an Android prototype device with no ear speaker. But Sharp has made similar bezel-less displays for its smartphones before. Also worth noting is the likelihood that Sharp probably isn't the only company working on displays like this for the future, especially when it comes to the iPhone. That said, Sharp is rumored to increase OLED display manufacturing investments to meet Apple’s iPhone demands, with production set for 2018 for the iPhone 8’s successor. Specs-wise, the Corner R display in these images measures 5.2 inches and offers Full HD resolution. This is an IGZO LCD, however, which probably means it would not be found on Apple’s iPhone 8 next year, since it will reportedly feature an OLED screen. While a full-screen solution like this would let Apple place the home button underneath the display, it’s not clear where the front-facing selfie camera, earpiece and sensors would go. sharp-connect-r-display-1More Finally, the Sharp Connect R screen featuring Free-Form Display technology is only a prototype for the type being, so don’t expect to see it in a commercial product anytime soon, be it an Android device or an iPhone. Trending right now: Leak reveals major design changes coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 Watch a pilot fly through the eye of Hurricane Matthew 11 paid iPhone apps on sale for free today See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Polls Show Hillary Clinton Leading Donald Trump in Election’s Final Days Fortune iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech All the Photoshops of this photo of Donald Trump and Barack Obama are perfect BGR News New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Nikkei ▲ 17672.62 1.71%   Hang Seng ▲ 22223.11 -1.37%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -19/32 yield 2.221%   Crude Oil ▲ 43.36 -0.12%   Yen ▲ 107.57 0.84%   DJIA ▲ 18847.66 0.21%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Study Suggests Celebrex Isn’t Riskier Than Rivals Redstone Family’s Next Generation Takes On Bigger Roles Cheap Gas Tests Trump’s Promise to Revive Coal AMC Poised to Become World’s Largest Movie Chain Keywords How U.S. Manufacturing Is About to Get Smarter Auto Makers Plug Electric Despite Weak Demand Zuckerberg Continues to Defend Facebook Against Election Criticism Films ‘Doctor Strange,’ ‘Trolls’ Hold the Lead The Week Ahead Investors Seek United’s Plan to Close the Gap LeEco Funding Scare Casts Doubt on Grand Vision Messaging Startup Slack Braces for Competition Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Appeals Court Reinstates $119.6 Million Verdict Favoring Apple in Samsung Patent Dispute Bigger battle between smartphone rivals goes before Supreme Court next Tuesday By Brent Kendall Brent Kendall The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyBrent Kendall @brkend Brent.Kendall@wsj.com Updated Oct. 7, 2016 4:07 p.m. ET WASHINGTON—A federal appeals court on Friday reinstated a $119.6 million jury verdict favoring Apple Inc. in a patent fight with Samsung Electronics Co., a ruling that comes just days before a bigger battle between the smartphone rivals at the Supreme Court. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, a Washington-based specialized federal court that handles patent appeals, ruled in Apple’s favor on issues related to three key smartphone functions, tossing out an earlier opinion by a three-judge panel of the same... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Donald Trump's Priorities in First 100 Days Edward Snowden on Donald Trump’s Victory Anti-Trump Protests Continue for Fourth Day Trump’s Infrastructure Investment Plan Evokes Ayn Rand Carbon Copy Brexit: Trump Victory Mirrors Farage's EU Fight Most Popular Articles RNC Chair Priebus Is Named Trump’s Chief of Staff California, as Clinton Territory, Finds Itself a Political Outlier New Zealand Rocked by Earthquake Toyota in $3.4 Billion Corrosion Deal Interview: Trump Willing to Keep Parts of Health Law Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > iPhone 7 to launch in Israel on October 20, launches in India iPhone 7 to launch in Israel on October 20, launches in India October 7, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment As Apple launches the iPhone 7 in India on October 20, the company has added to its list of launch countries. In addition, the Apple Watch Series 2 will be launching in India on the same day as well. Apple has now confirmed that the iPhone 7 will be launching in a slew of African and Middle eastern countries, including: Jordan and Oman on October 15, and Maurice, Madagascar, Maroc, and Uganda on October 21. The company also confirmed that the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch Series 2 will launch in Thailand on October 21. The company confirmed the dates on its website. It’s worth noting that the iPhone 7 is launching through third-party vendors such as Flipkart, as Apple currently has no official retail presence within the country. Flipkart began accepting preorders for the new phone today, which could potentially cut down the usual lines outside its stores. In the U.S., lines weren’t as long as they were in previous years, likely due to Apple saying they won’t have Plus’ models or Jet Black models in either color on launch day. Mashable notes that Indian retailers will be selling the device later than usual at 7PM local time rather than midnight. Tags: Apple Watch Series 2, India, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← MTA eTix app now supports Apple Pay, allowing commuters in New York to avoid lines FBI could possibly pose legal threats on Apple over locked iPhone → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Apple releases iOS 10.0.3 to the iPhone 7, fixes cellular connectivity issues3 iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 iPhone 7 to be available in 4 additional countries on November 41 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog Do physical keyboards still have a place in the smartphone industry? BlackBerry CEO confirms that new phone with physical keyboard is coming Google's Play Newsstand 4.0 update brings new look OnePlus 3 will receive Android 7.0 Nougat update by the end of the year Google Home Unboxing, Setup and First Look AT&T Stream Saver will optimize mobile video to save data, launching in early 2017 HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5.5-inch Quad HD display, aluminum unibody design Android And Me Best 10 smartphone, smartwatch and accessory DEAL: Nextbit Robin gets a 43% price The OnePlus 3 will receive a beta build AT&T Stream Saver saves data by lowering Google Play Newsstand reveals a new Top 10 Android app updates this week: TmoNews T-Mobile’s Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge AT&T borrows T-Mobile Binge On to launch Next T-Mobile Tuesday will offer UE Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 launches T-Mobile launches 4G LTE service at T-Mobile offering Samsung Galaxy S7 T-Mobile Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Mobile > Google Pixel vs. Apple iPhone 7: Can new Google… Google Pixel vs. Apple iPhone 7: Can new Google phone take down its enemy? By Andy Boxall — October 7, 2016 11:51 AM Subscribe to this topic Get our daily Tech News recap Mentioned here Apple iPhone 7 MSRP $649.00 DT Recommended Product Learn More Look out Apple, Samsung, and just about every other smartphone maker out there, because Google’s coming for you with the new Pixel smartphones. There are two, the Pixel and Pixel XL, and they run the very latest version of Android, look super, and have some exclusive features to make sure smartphone fans sit up and take notice. They come just a few weeks after Apple’s latest iPhone models went on sale. Like the Pixel there are two different types, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and they both look great, have some special features not seen on other iPhones, and as always with an Apple launch, made people sit up and take notice. Related: Google Pixel vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 — which 5-inch flagship is right for you? Inevitably, if you’re about to buy a new phone, these two will be on your list. The Pixel naturally goes up against the iPhone 7, so which one should you buy? Each phone has its own positive and negative points, and we’ve given them an thorough examination to find out which deserves your money. Google Pixel iPhone 7 Size 143.8 × 69.5 × 7.3 mm (5.61 x 2.74 x 0.31 in) 138.3 x 67.1 x 7.1 mm (5.44 x 2.64 x 0.28 in) Weight 5.04 ounces (143 grams) 4.87 ounces (138 grams) Screen 5-inch AMOLED 4.7-inch Retina HD LED backlit screen Resolution 1,080 × 1,920 pixels (441 ppi) 1,334 x 750 pixels (326 ppi) OS Android 7.1 iOS 10 Storage 32, 128GB 32, 128, 256GB MicroSD card slot No No NFC support Yes Yes Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 A 10 Fusion with 64-bit architecture, M10 motion coprocessor RAM 4GB 2GB Connectivity 4G LTE, GSM, CDMA, HSPA+, 802.11a/b/g/n/ac Wi-Fi 4G LTE, GSM, HSPA+, 802.11a/b/g/n/ac Wi-Fi Camera 12.3MP rear, 8MP front 12MP rear, 7MP front Video 4K at 30fps, 1080p at 30, 60, or 120fps 4K at 30fps, 1080p at 30 or 60fps Bluetooth Yes, version 4.2 Yes, version 4.2 Fingerprint sensor Yes Yes Other sensors Barometer, gyro, accelerometer, proximity sensor, ambient light sensor Barometer, gyro, accelerometer, proximity sensor, ambient light sensor Water resistant Yes, IP53 rated Yes, IP67 rated Battery 2,770mAh 1,960mAh Ports USB Type-C Lightning Marketplace Google Store Apple App Store Color offerings Blue, silver, black Black, Jet Black, gold, rose gold, silver Availability Verizon, Google Fi AT&T, Verizon, Sprint, T-Mobile Price $650 $650 DT review Hands-on  3.5 out of 5 stars Performance The Google Pixel is bang up to date with its processor. It uses the new Qualcomm Snapdragon 821, which is a small but significant update to the Snapdragon 820, seen in most major flagship phones released during 2016. The 64-bit Snapdragon 821 has four cores and gets a 10 percent performance bump over the already speedy Snapdragon 820, a 5 percent increase in graphical capabilities, is more energy efficient, and can use Quick Charge 3.0 for even faster battery recharging. Apple doesn’t use a Snapdragon chip, and instead uses the A10 Fusion chip of its own design. Apparently it’s 40 percent faster than the A9, according to Apple, and it’s the first time the company has used a quad-core chip. Both chips utilize the multiple cores in a similar way, splitting the workload across them to reduce power consumption during easy tasks. The Snapdragon 821 is so new, we’ve not seen a phone with it inside to test out yet, so establishing any of our own benchmarks is impossible. Early benchmark results seen in Geekbench 4 return a multi-core score of 4,089. The iPhone 7 managed 5,600. Does that make the Pixel a slowcoach? No, and we’re wary of that unconfirmed benchmark, as the Galaxy S7 regularly scores over 5,000, and it uses a Snapdragon 820 chip. At this early stage, we can’t say either phone is faster than the other. However, we know the iPhone 7 is quick, and have no reason to think the Snapdragon 821 will be any different. Elsewhere, the Pixel comes with 32GB or 128GB of internal storage, and doesn’t have a MicroSD card slot, sadly. The iPhone 7 adds a 256GB option to the list, so if masses of storage are important to you (and you can stomach the extra cost), the Apple phone has a slight advantage here. Winner: Tie (pending further tests) Design This is ultimately going to come down to personal preference, but there are a few things you should keep in mind as you size the two up. The Pixel is made of metal, glass, and plastic. The glass panel on the rear provides the antenna with room to breathe, while the plastic sections recall manufacturer HTC’s Desire range of phones. It’s thin at 7.1mm and light at 143 grams. For the iPhone 7, Apple has blended in the antenna breaks more than on the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6S, decluttering the rear panel, but keeping the camera bump. Google has avoided this by slightly enlarging the body itself. The iPhone 7’s body is made from aluminum, is 7.1mm thick, and a little lighter than the Pixel at 138 grams. In our hands-on, the Pixel is described as being, “high-end, not too heavy, or fragile, even with the half-glass back.” Concerns over the screen bezel are also unfounded, with it appearing larger in pictures than in real life. The iPhone 7 is extremely comfortable to hold, with wonderfully curved sides, and corners that nestle in the palm nicely. Arguably, the Pixel looks a lot like an iPhone, but this doesn’t really bother us — both are great looking phones. Google gives you the choice of a white, black, or limited edition blue Pixel, and it’s the blue that really catches the eye. The iPhone 7’s jet black color is the elusive limited edition for showoffs, and it’s the regular matte black that’s the winner, as it neatly conceals the antenna lines for a smooth look. Google’s phones have never been stunners, while the iPhone 7 has a class that the Pixel can’t quite match, supreme in-hand comfort, and a real premium build, which along with its lighter body and wider choice of colors sees it edge out the Pixel here. Winner: iPhone 7 Battery and audio Google has selected a 2,770mAh battery for the Pixel, complete with fast charging provided by the Snapdragon 821 and Qualcomm’s Quick Charge 3.0 feature. Plug it in using the USB Type-C cable and after 15 minutes it’ll be at 70 percent capacity. We’ve not used the phone for long enough to judge the overall use time on a daily basis. Inside the iPhone 7 is a 1,960mAh battery and in our review, we have seen 12 hours of solid use, and more than 40 percent left at the end of a day. There’s no fast charging though, and recharging the iPhone 7 will take longer than the Pixel. Neither phone has wireless charging as standard. The iPhone 7 has stereo speakers, and audio performance is vastly improved over the iPhone 6S while the Pixel has a single downward firing speaker. However, the Pixel retains a 3.5mm headphone socket, while Apple forces you to use headphones with a Lightning connector or Bluetooth. More battery capacity, faster charging, and a traditional headphone socket make the Pixel a clear winner. Winner: Google Pixel Display Looking at the numbers, the Pixel should run away here. The 5-inch display is an AMOLED panel, therefore producing deep blacks and strong colors. It has a 1,920 x 1,080 pixel resolution and a 441ppi pixel density, is covered in protective 2.5D Gorilla Glass 4, and Google claims it has an excellent viewing angle with little decrease in brightness. Related: Apple iPhone 7 vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge The iPhone’s Retina HD LED-backlit screen measures 4.7-inches, has a 1,334 x 750 pixel resolution for a 326ppi pixel density, and also a 2.5D piece of glass over the front. Although it has a lower resolution, it does still look great, but the Pixel’s AMOLED screen and higher pixel count will automatically make pictures, webpages, and games look better. However, there is one thing in the iPhone 7’s favor, and that’s 3D Touch, Apple’s pressure sensitive system. Here, additional functionality can be accessed with a harder screen press, and it’s surprisingly helpful, especially with iOS 10 installed. The Pixel doesn’t have this feature. Despite this, it’s as much a software feature as it is a display feature, giving the Pixel the win. Winner: Google Pixel Camera Let’s start with a spec shootout. The Pixel and the iPhone 7 both have 12-megapixel rear cameras. The Pixel has an f/2.0 aperture against the iPhone 7’s f/1.8 aperture, which should let in a little more light, plus it has a quad-LED flash rather than the Pixel’s dual-LED. However, while both have phase detection autofocus, laser autofocus only comes on the Pixel. Both have image stabilization, but only the iPhone uses traditional OIS, as the Pixel has a clever system that utilizes the phone’s gyroscope for smoothing out video. We’re big fans of the iPhone 7’s camera, although consider the iPhone 7 Plus to be the real winner, but have yet to really put the Pixel’s camera to the test. In our hands-on with the phone, we noted the speed with which it captured and processed photos, along with its low-light performance and cool HDR+ mode. The Pixel also has free, unlimited full resolution photo storage in the cloud through Google Photos, while you’ll have to pay for extra iCloud space or full-res Google Photos storage if you own an iPhone. Until we get our hands on the Pixel for a full review, we must turn to well-respected camera testers DxOMark, where the Pixel received an 89 rating, the highest of any smartphone yet. The iPhone 7 isn’t far behind with 86 though. It’s likely to be a tight contest between the iPhone 7 and the Pixel here, just like it is between the iPhone and the Galaxy S7, so we’re calling it a tie for now. Winner: Tie (Pending further tests) Durability Unless these phones are securely wrapped up in a case, neither are going to come off well in the event of a nasty fall. Glass and aluminum bodies aren’t designed to withstand much shock. It’s also worth mentioning that if you choose the jet black iPhone 7 and don’t wrap it in a case, expect it to gather up some scratches and scuffs pretty quickly. Apple knows the special finish is delicate, and recommends the use of a case. Apple now edges ahead of the Pixel here, having made the iPhone meet IP67 standards of splash, water, and dust resistance. We’ve tested this out, and the iPhone happily continues working after taking a bath, something the Pixel is unlikely to do even with its basic IP53 protection. Accidents happen, and if they involve the wet stuff, you’ll be glad it was the iPhone and not the Pixel underwater. Winner: Apple iPhone 7 Software If design was a difficult category to judge, due to personal preference playing a considerable role, software is also subjective. Unlike pitting a phone like the Galaxy S7 or LG G5 against the Pixel, Apple is prompt and regular with its software updates, which matches how Google will react with its new Pixel devices. The Pixel comes with Android 7.1 installed, the very latest version of the operating system, which can’t (and won’t) be found in this form anywhere else. The Apple iPhone has iOS 10. The two are very different, yet also quite alike. There are icons to tap, a virtual assistant to help — Assistant on the Pixel and Siri on the iPhone — and special messaging apps for both. On the Pixel, it’s Duo for video calls and Allo for chats, while on the iPhone there’s FaceTime and iMessage. Downsides of Google’s operating system don’t really apply here. It’s going to get regular updates, there’s no messy user interface over the top, and you’re assured of the latest version for at least a few years yet. Apple treats the iPhone in the same way. There’s little to choose between them when it comes to app stores either, with both being equally well stocked with apps, books, movies, and more. Winner: Tie Pricing and availability Wallets at the ready? They better be, because you’re going to have to open them pretty wide to get either one of these phones. Unlocked, without a contract, the Pixel will cost you $650 for the 32GB model or $750 for the 128GB, and it can be purchased directly through the Google Play Store. The iPhone 7 also costs $650 for the 32GB, $750 for the 128GB, and then $850 for the 256GB model. It can be bought through the Apple Store, either online or in a retail store. Contract prices vary for the iPhone, but it’s available with each major carrier in the U.S., while the Pixel is a Verizon exclusive. This hurts the Pixel here. We don’t like being forced onto one carrier and many people buy their phones in stores. However, there is good news for the Pixel: You can buy it unlocked from Google and get the same month-to-month financing you get with the iPhone at carriers. We’d suggest not buying either phone locked to a network, or fixed into a contract, anyway. There are financing options available for both the Pixel and the iPhone 7 through Google and Apple respectively too. However, be aware if you choose an iPhone on AT&T or Sprint with financing through Apple, it’ll be locked to that network. International buyers will also find it easier to buy an iPhone 7, with 25 countries on the list at launch, and more than 30 having been added since then. Others are coming in October. Google is only selling the Pixel in the U.S., the U.K., Canada, Australia, and Germany at the moment. Wider availability, more carrier options, and equal pricing sees the iPhone take this category. Winner: Apple iPhone 7 Overall winner: iPhone 7 (for now) It’s three category wins for the iPhone 7, and two for the Pixel, with three overall ties. However, two of those sections will likely have a different result when we’ve played with the Pixel for a longer amount of time, so there’s still everything to play for. It’s interesting to see where the iPhone 7 beats the Google Pixel, particularly because durability and price have long been problem areas for Apple, and winners for Android phones. Apple has turned that around with the iPhone 7. The Pixel has it beaten when it comes to display, battery, and the presence of a 3.5mm headphone socket. Right now, because you can buy it in more places, with fewer restrictions, and it won’t stop working if it gets wet, the iPhone 7 has to take the win. Don’t dismiss the Pixel yet though, we’ve yet to test out two areas where it could very easily fight back and take the win. Check back soon. Also watch: Trends with Benefits: Google calls out Apple, Nike delivers us Back to the Future Please enable Javascript to watch this video
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা മലയാളം हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা മലയാളം Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile Photo Gallery Videos SPORTS Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science SHOWBIZ Red Hot Reviews Movies Glamtalk Bookworm TV Celebrity Romance Recipes Pics Video And More HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO 290 US votes for trump 232 NewsTrump's JourneyHillary Accepts DefeatResult AnalysisWorld ViewHistoryAstroPics News » Technology ﻿ Reliance Jio offers new iPhone users free voice calls, 20GB data and unlimited SMS for 1 year Last Updated: Friday, October 7, 2016 - 23:52 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Follow @ZeeNews New Delhi: Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Jio will offer free voice calls, 20GB data and unlimited SMS for one year, worth Rs 18,000, to all new iPhone users on its network. All new iPhone users on Jio network can avail this offer from January 1 next year after their 'welcome plan' expires on December 31, 2016. Under this new scheme, the iPhone users on Jio's network will receive one year of complimentary services, sources said. This means people who buy any iPhone device from Reliance Retail or Apple store and use Jio connection would get the 'Welcome Offer' completely free till December 31, 2016. From January 1, all these iPhone users will get the Rs 1,499 plan completely free for 1 year, which equals value worth Rs 18,000. The Rs 1,499 plan includes unlimited local and STD voice calling and national roaming, 4G Data of up to 20 GB, unlimited 4G data at night, 40GB of WiFi data, unlimited SMS and unlimited Jio Apps subscription. Sources said this translates into 15 months of Jio services absolutely free for new iPhone buyers. The Jio offer is not restricted only to newly launched iPhone 7 and 7-Plus and would also be valid on iPhone 6, 6-Plus, 6S-Plus, SE. Also, for the first time ever, enterprise customers will get a 25 per cent discount on the device and attractive tariff plans. Jio is a 4G-only network, as compared to all other networks in India that are 100 per cent 2G, 50 per cent 3G and 10 per cent 4G. Apple users on Jio network would get to enjoy 100 per cent 4G-data experience, High Definition voice calls (powered by VoLTE), High Definition Facetime calls, Buffer-free HD video viewing and 300+ channels of Live TV. Reliance Jio's rival Airtel is also offering 10GB free 4G/3G data per month for one year with any Airtel Infinity post-paid plan. The free data benefit will be over and above the plan benefits, it said. "We are delighted to roll out this exciting data offer for our users to allow them to get the most out of the amazing iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus," Bharti Airtel Director Operations (India and South Asia) Ajai Puri said. The latest edition of the iPhone has been launched in India today across multiple platforms like Apple resellers, Flipkart, Snapdeal and Tata Cliq. Most of these companies are bundling in offers to woo customers in the world's second largest telephony market. While Snapdeal has teamed up with American Express to offer the latter's card members a discount of Rs 10,000 on the purchase of the device. Flipkart also said it has prepared itself to make deliveries to customers from 1900 hrs onwards today. "Delivery executives are fanning out across key cities in India to surprise several lucky customers at the exact time when the clock strikes seven. Flipkart CEO Binny Bansal will be one among the delivery executives who will be delivering the iPhone 7 today starting at 7 PM in Bangalore," it said in a statement. Tata CliQ is offering its customers Rs 10,000 deferred cashback with HDFC credit and debit cards (issued in India). The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB storage variants in silver, gold and rose gold colours. The new jet black colour variant will come only in 128GB and 256GB variants. While the 32GB phone will be available for Rs 60,000, the pricing of the other models has not been disclosed. IPhone 7 features a 4.7-inch display with 3D touch, while iPhone 7 Plus has a 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D touch. Both the smartphones are powered by a new quad-core Apple A10 Fusion processor, which it claims is 40 percent faster than the previous generation. The iOS 10-powered iPhone 7 sports a 12MP iSight camera and 4K video recording. The iPhone 7 Plus has dual 12MP rear cameras ? one wide-angle and a telephoto lens. The handsets come with IP67 rating, signifying the fact that it is water and dust resistant, a first for the Apple smartphone. The Cupertino-based company is betting big on the Indian market. In July, Apple CEO Tim Cook had said that India is one of its fastest growing markets. PTI First Published: Friday, October 7, 2016 - 23:52 More from zeenews   India Guru Nanak Jayanti: PM Narendra Modi greets people on Gurupurab Demonetisation: LS Speaker calls all-party meet as Opposition gears up for showdown with Narendra Modi govt Nation pays tribute to Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru on his 127th birth anniversary More from India World Donald Trump says will take USD 1 as his salary with no vacations Donald Trump to forgo salary as US president New Zealand PM cancels Argentina trip after quake More from World Sports Rajkot Test: England skipper Alastair Cook defends 'late' declaration, says it was fair Lost and Found: Rio Olympian thanks 'Signora Mara' for medal found in rubbish heap Who the heck is Haseeb Hameed? India wants to know More from Sports Entertainment Shah Rukh Khan is comfortable with women, says Katrina Kaif Jacqueline Fernandez is the entertainer of the year! Vidya Balan’s perception about Bollywood has evolved with time More from Entertaiment Health Do you know diabetes can severely affect your skin? Read With a surge in diabetic retinopathy, does India have enough avenues to deal with it? Flu shots, access to medication help kids combat asthma More from Health Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Most Read Most Viewed Note ban: PM Modi pledges fifty days; is India ready to cooperate? Watch: PM Modi speaks on demonetisation, black money Watch: PM Modi speaks on demonetisation, black money - Part II Dr Subhash Chandra Show: Know the importance of having a purpose in life Note ban: Dr Subhash Chandra appeals to people for patience and time OMG! Locals cut open giant snake... guess what comes out next – this viral video crossed over 2 lakh views DISTURBING VIDEO: Man dies of heart attack while talking to family - Weak-hearted people SHOULDN'T WATCH Demonetisation: Banks issue new series of Rs 500 notes Bigg Boss 10: This is what Salman Khan has to say about Narendra Modi's demonetisation masterstroke Govt looking into sudden 'propping up' of money in Jan Dhan account deposits Related News Reliance Jio skips COAI executive meet to oppose voting norms ONGC gas row: Reliance to contest $1.55 billion penalty imposed by government TAGS Reliance Jio Reliance Jio Apple iPhone iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus Reliance Retail Photos Chitrangda Singh at an event in Sydney, Australia, I love this look- Sophie Choudry, Twitter@iamsrk New currency note of Rs 500, Aditi Ashok with Hero Women's Indian Open Golf trophy, Recovered more than one crore black mone 22nd Kolkata International Film Festival Top Videos ATM withdrawal limit increased to Rs 2,500; exchange limit Rs 4500/day Watch: PM Modi speaks on demonetisation, black money Note ban: PM Modi pledges fifty days; is India ready to cooperate? Earthquake of intensity 7.4 hits New Zealand; tsunami alert issued More from other Sections Usain Bolt all set to train with Borussia Dortmund, confirms club's CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke PV Sindhu says she wants to clinch All England Championship as a mark of respect for coach Pullela Gopichand Kartik Poornima or Dev Deepavali 2016: Here’s how it is celebrated Guru Nanak Jayanti: Know more about the sacred Panj Takht Five reasons why screening for type 2 diabetes is important! World Diabetes Day 2016: How can diabetes affect your eyes? contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info WHERE TO WATCH Careers Partner Site: DNA INDIA news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Red Hot Reviews Movies Glam Talk Bookworm Recipes TV Celebrity Romance Pics Videos And More Exclusive Blogs sports Cricket Football World Motorsports Golf Others Softspot Debate Blogs Exclusive Pics Videos business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business Photo Gallery India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Malayalam Kerala Districts India World Sports Movies Health NRI Photos Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2016 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any... Daily Deals: Amazon Echo $120, 23-inch HP display $87, and more   skip to main content skip to main menu     First user-created music remixes about to launch on Apple Music and Spotify By Christian Zibreg, Oct 7, 2016 Tweet 1 Comment Unofficial remixes of songs are launching on both Apple Music and Spotify thanks to a partnership with a company called Dubset Media Holdings. Apple signed a deal with Dubset in March 2016, while Spotify cut a similar deal of its own in May. Remixes and DJ mix sets, typically distributed through services like YouTube and SoundCloud, should start appearing on Apple Music and Spotify. Dubset’s proprietary scan-and-match technology will ensure that artists get paid fairly for musical remixes, TechCrunch said Friday. Licensing remixes and DJ mixes based on original recordings is incredibly difficult. A typical remix might have upward of 600 different rights holders. For example, a DJ mix created from 25 to 30 different songs would require royalty payments to the same number of record labels and anywhere from two to ten publishers for each track. This poses a major problem for services like Apple Music that don’t own the rights to distribute user-created music remixes. Using a custom platform called Mixbank, Dubset scans an entire mix to find the likely source of each sample used in a mix by matching it against official song snippets from Gracenote’s audio fingerprinting database. By finding the stop and start point in each mix, the software finds the corresponding rights holders in a dataset together through multiple partnerships and direct feeds. Dubset has deals with over 14,000 labels, publishers and music holders. Royalty revenue from the Mixbank platform is shared with rights holders while Dubset gets a cut. According to Dubset CEO Stephen White: Content owners have been very supportive. The publishing and label deals we have under license provides a large catalog to work with This allows some of the content that until now has only been on YouTube and SoundCloud to come to these great paid services where content owners will get paid. In the future, Apple’s partnership with Dubset could expand to include multi-song mixes, longer DJ sets and other perks. White claims that 700 million people a month listen to mixed content, making it a big opportunity. The article does not make it very clear when first user-uploaded remixes might be going live on Apple Music so be sure to watch this space because we’ll be reporting more information as soon as it becomes available. The Financial Times has learned that Spotify is in advanced talks to acquire SoundCloud, which has upwards of 200 million registered users. Source: TechCrunch Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Spotify for Apple TV should not be expected anytime soon Spotify expands in the Japanese market Australian carrier Telstra treats customers to data-free Apple Music streaming Amazon to take on Apple and Spotify with new streaming music service Related Topics Apple, Apple Music, Music, Music streaming, News, Spotify, Streaming Ángel Javier Esquivel Mines are still waiting :3   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Wallpapers of the week: golden fields Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… Recap: the top stories of the week on iDB Rushline, Feelca B&W, Delphi, and other apps to check out this weekend AT&T to throttle streaming video next year with new ‘Stream Saver’ feature   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.

Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Appeals Court Rules For Apple In One Of Its Patent Infringement Fights With Samsung Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Appeals Court Rules For Apple In One Of Its Patent Infringement Fights With Samsung Image courtesy of Adam Fagen October 7, 2016 12:52 pm EST By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk back and forth samsung apple patents patent infringement smartphones tablets Apple just won the latest round in one of its fights with Samsung over patent infringement, with a federal appeals court ruling that reinstates a $119.6 million patent-infringement verdict it scored. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit said in an 8-3 ruling [PDF] that three-judge panel shouldn’t have thrown out the verdict in February, and instructed the trial judge to consider whether Apple is actually due more money based on any intentional infringement by Samsung. This fight centers on a number of software patents that Apple claims Samsung infringed, including autocorrect, a way to detect phone numbers so they can be tapped to initiate a phone call, and the slide-to-unlock feature for smartphones and tablets. In 2014, Apple said it wanted $40 for each phone sold that used one of the patents in question, for a total of about $2 billion in damages. The court first issued a summary judgment that Samsung had infringed the patent for the autocorrect feature, and a jury then found that it had infringed the two other patents as well. Apple got damages of $119.6 million for those infringements. Then in January 2016, Judge Lucy Koh of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California banned Samsung from selling certain smartphones that infringed on those three patents held by its rival. The next month, however, a three-judge panel threw out that $119.6 million verdict and ruled that Samsung didn’t infringe on Apple’s detection patent, and said the other two patents were invalid. The court ruled today that that was not the right decision, because it relied on issues that were never raised on appeal or on information that was beyond the trial record, Bloomberg notes. “The jury verdict on each issue is supported by substantial evidence in the record,” Circuit Judge Kimberly Moore wrote for the majority. This is all separate from another patent infringement lawsuit going on between the two, which is expected to be heard by the Supreme Court this fall. Samsung is appealing a $548 million award it was ordered to pay for allegedly copying the look and feel of the iPhone — most notably the pinch-to-zoom feature. October 7, 2016 By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk back and forth samsung apple patents patent infringement smartphones tablets Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related dawn of justice Supreme Court Agrees To Hear Samsung V. Apple Patent Case stop it U.S. Court Bans Samsung From Selling Certain Smartphones That Infringe On Apple Patents big bags of money Samsung Owes Apple Another $290M In Damages — For A Total Of About $930M here we go again Apple And Samsung Back In Court For Round Eleventy Billion Of Their Legal Fight hold that thought Apple Avoids Paying $533M In Fight Over Patents, Wins A New Trial To Decide Damages Previous Amazon’s Discount Music Streaming Service For Echo Reportedly Coming Soon Next Oculus Developing A Lower-End, Standalone Virtual Reality Device Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Oculus Developing A Lower-End, Standalone Virtual Reality Device Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
Trending: Video: Angry at Apple Make your emails more trusted with DKIM 6 big ideas in digital transformation Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Review: BIO-key’s plug-in fingerprint readers for Windows 10 computers Why senior managers are the most dangerous negligent insiders Review: Microsoft takes on TensorFlow Make your emails more trusted with DKIM More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Mobile & Wireless News Court reinstates $120M patent award for Apple in Samsung case The smartphone design patent dispute is back once again More like this Supreme Court will hear Samsung, Apple damages dispute on Tuesday Supreme Court wrestles with size of damages for Apple design patents U.S. court bans the sale of some Samsung phones at Apple's request on IDG Answers What to do with Apple ID disabled? A U.S. appeals court has reinstated a $119.6 million patent infringement award against Samsung in a long-running case brought by Apple. Credit: Pixabay Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Comments By Grant Gross Follow IDG News Service | Oct 7, 2016 10:15 AM PT RELATED TOPICS Mobile & Wireless Computer Hardware Smartphones Comments A U.S. appeals court has reinstated a $119.6 million award for Apple in its long-running smartphone design patent dispute with rival Samsung. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit ruled Friday that two Apple smartphone design patents, one related to a slide-to-unlock feature, are valid and Samsung infringed a third patent related to helping smartphone users find phone numbers. The case goes back five years, when Apple first filed a series of patent lawsuits against Samsung, alleging infringement of several Apple's iPhone design patents. In February, a panel of judges at the appeals court ruled against Apple, saying the slide-to-unlock patent and an Apple spell correction patent were invalid. The panel ruled that the third telephone-number pattern analysis patent wasn't infringed. But a full panel of judges overturned that decision. In the slide-to-unlock patent, Samsung "failed to establish by clear and convincing evidence" that Apple's claim related to an obvious invention that would not qualify for a patent, wrote Judge Kimberly Moore, for the 8-3 court majority. The patent lawsuits between the two companies have taken a number of twists and turns. In 2012, a U.S. district court ruled that Samsung owed Apple more than $1 billion in damages for infringement of design patents. The appeals court later cut the amount. Last December, Samsung agreed to pay Apple $548 million under some conditions. Neither company responded to a request for comment on the court ruling. RELATED TOPICS Mobile & Wireless Computer Hardware Smartphones Grant Gross — Senior Editor Grant Gross edits and assigns stories and writes about technology and telecom policy in the U.S. government for the IDG News Service. He is based outside of Washington, D.C. The latest in IT services? CIO hired guns View Comments You Might Like Join the discussion Be the first to comment on this article. Our Commenting Policies What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by VMware AirWatch A More Flexible Approach to App Containerization Popular Resources White Paper Agile Portfolio Management White Paper Real-Time Business: Digital Transformation Through Information Video/Webcast Sponsored 30 Days to Complete Business Process Visibility White Paper Aberdeen - Customer Centricity: Knowledge is Power in the Age of the Customer White Paper Big Data, Bad Data, Good Data: The Link Between Information Governance and Big Data Outcomes Go Top Stories Facebook hits 20Gbps in tests for internet drone data transmission Facebook has succeeded in transmitting data at almost 20Gbps between two towers in Southern California... Los Angeles: Warm weather, movie stars -- and 100M monthly cyber attacks A $1.8 million Integrated Security Operations Center, opened in late 2015, consolidates threat... What's the Mac mean to Apple, the Surface to Microsoft? The Mac's contribution to Apple's revenue has shrunk in the last two years, while the Surface's share... 2017 will be a bad year for pessimists Executives see a lot to be hopeful for in the coming year. Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Login All Reviews Editorials News iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Tips iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 Podcasts MGG 631: The Odd Couple Episode TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-11: Interview with TMO's Bryan Chaffin View All Results → X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection Apple Leather Case for iPhone 7, Same Style with Better Buttons View All Reviews → Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users View All Editorials → TMO Daily Observations 2016-10-07: DJ Remixes on Apple Music, Listener Comments Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Oct 7th, 2016 1:47 PM EST | The Mac Observer's Daily Observations Podcast The streaming music market just changed because now Apple Music and Spotify can give us DJ remixes. John Martellaro and Bryan Chaffin join Jeff Gamet to look at the implications bringing remixes to the two big music services will have on the market and on SoundCloud. They also respond to listener comments from Wednesday’s discussion on Yahoo helping intelligence agencies scan our email. MP3 Feed Feedback TMO Daily Observations 2016-10-07: DJ Remixes on Apple Music, Listener Comments 1:47 PM Oct. 7th, 2016 — Download: MP3 Version (AAC Version Coming Soon) The streaming music market just changed because now Apple Music and Spotify can give us DJ remixes. John Martellaro and Bryan Chaffin join Jeff Gamet... Sponsors SmartBackup 4 from Solesignal gets you faster backups, clones, and synced folders because it’s multi-threaded and optimized for SSD, Flash storage, and RAID systems. Download your free trial at the Solesignal website. Watch Out SoundCloud, Apple Music Just Got Remixes Listener comments TMO Daily Observations 2016-10-05: Yahoo’s Secret Email Scanning TMO Background Mode: Interview with Electronic Frontier Foundation Executive Director Cindy Cohn TMO Daily Observations Twitter feed Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? John Martellaro | November 11, 2016 Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Bob LeVitus | November 9, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $108.43 +0.64 (0.59%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store 4902 Jeff Gamet tmo-daily-observations 0 1475848064 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Tips iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 Podcasts MGG 631: The Odd Couple Episode TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-11: Interview with TMO's Bryan Chaffin View All Results → X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection Apple Leather Case for iPhone 7, Same Style with Better Buttons View All Reviews → Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users View All Editorials → Watch Out SoundCloud, Apple Music Just Got Remixes Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Oct 7th, 2016 10:41 AM EST | News SoundCloud is taking it on the chin because one of its standout features, DJ song remixes, just came to Apple Music and Spotify. The first to hit Apple’s streaming music service is DJ Jazzy Jeff’s remix of Room in Here from Anderson .Paak, and as more remixes roll out music fans will have fewer reasons to use SoundCloud. Dubset deal brings DJ remixes to Apple Music Apple struck a deal with Dubset earlier this year to bring remixes to Apple Music, according to TechCrunch. Dubset scans remixes to find the original tracks and pays the rights holders accordingly. Right now Apple Music’s remixes are limited to single tracks, but mix set recordings from live shows is coming soon. Dubset’s deals with Apple and Spotify are akin to a kick in the pants for SoundCloud because now DJs and other artists can distribute their remixes through the big names in streaming music. SoundCloud can still offer remixes, but music fans will have less of an incentive to use the service since they’re likely already Apple Music or Spotify subscribers. Adding more streaming services for DJ remixes may be bad news for SoundCloud, but it’s good news for pretty much everyone else. Apple Music and Spotify get yet another way to draw in new subscribers, remix fans have more places to find the artists they like, DJs get more exposure, and rights holders get a little more money. Over 700 million people listen to remixes every month, and that’s a market Apple and Spotify don’t want to miss out on. As more remixes become available, listeners won’t need to seek out pirate music sites as often—and that fits perfectly with Apple’s original iTunes Store goal: give people an easy way to pay for the music instead of stealing it. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Tags: Apple Music, DJ, Dubset, remix, streaming Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? John Martellaro | November 11, 2016 Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Bob LeVitus | November 9, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $108.43 +0.64 (0.59%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Apple Offers Refurb iPhone 6s/Plus on Apple Store Starting at $449 Recent Tips See All » iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 iOS 10.2: How to Disable Always On Live Photo iOS 10.2 Beta Brings Star Ratings Back to Music App Mute/Unmute Apple Watch Activity Reminders in watchOS 3 Recent Editorials See All » Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users 4888 Jeff Gamet news 0 1475836894 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
null
null
Home Industry Tech When Flipkart co-founder and CEO Binny Bansal turned ‘delivery boy’ for Apple iPhone 7 launch in India When Flipkart co-founder and CEO Binny Bansal turned ‘delivery boy’ for Apple iPhone 7 launch in India Adding a personal touch to its deliveries, Flipkart's Binny Bansal delivered the e-commerce giant's first Apple iPhone 7 within 30 minutes of the smartphone's launch. By: FE Online | New Delhi | Updated: October 7, 2016 11:31 PM Adding a personal touch to its deliveries, Flipkart’s Binny Bansal delivered the e-commerce giant’s first Apple iPhone 7 within 30 minutes of the smartphone’s launch. (Twitter/Binny Bansal) Imagine opening the door of your house, only to have Flipkart’s co-founder and CEO Binny Bansal to deliver your new Apple iPhone 7! Gaurav in Bengaluru’s HSR had this once in a lifetime experience. Adding a personal touch to its deliveries, Flipkart’s Binny Bansal delivered the e-commerce giant’s first Apple iPhone 7 within 30 minutes of the smartphone’s launch. “First happy customer – Gaurav from HSR. 30 mins after launch at his home. He is super delighted,” tweeted Binny Bansal, sharing an image of himself and the iPhone 7 owner. Flipkart customer Preeti also had the new iPhone 7, which she had ordered for her husband Gaurav, personally delivered by Binny Bansal. “Second delivery. A gift from Preeti to her hubby Saurabh. They exchanged their old iPhone 6 and got 18k discount !! #makingthe7affordable,” he said in another tweet. “99% of all the customer are getting their iPhone 7 delivered within 2 hrs of launch. Incredible job by our supply chain team !!” he said. It appears that Bansal chose to deliver the new iPhone 7 along with the Flipkart’s ‘wishmaster’. Wishmasters are actually Flipkart’s field executives. “On my way with our wishmaster Shankar to deliver the just launched Iphone 7 #deliveringthe7at7,” Bansal tweeted along with an image that suggests that he rode on a bike to make the deliveries. First happy customer – Gaurav from HSR. 30 mins after launch at his home. He is super delighted pic.twitter.com/IALzSQYZfu — binnybansal (@binnybansal) October 7, 2016 Second delivery. A gift from Preeti to her hubby Saurabh. They exchanged their old iPhone 6 and got 18k discount !! #makingthe7affordable pic.twitter.com/hUR55G9gPE — binnybansal (@binnybansal) October 7, 2016 On my way with our wishmaster Shankar to deliver the just launched Iphone 7 #deliveringthe7at7 pic.twitter.com/0qQj6aw8uN — binnybansal (@binnybansal) October 7, 2016 Flipkart said it has prepared itself to make deliveries to customers from 1900 hrs onwards today. “Delivery executives are fanning out across key cities in India to surprise several lucky customers at the exact time when the clock strikes seven,” Flipkart said in a statement. Apple’s iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus were launched today evening in India, and companies are seeking to encash on the popularity of the smartphone series. Snapdeal has tied up with American Express to offer card members of the bank a discount of Rs 10,000 on the purchase of the iPhone 7. Tata CliQ is offering its customers Rs 10,000 deferred cashback with HDFC credit and debit cards (issued in India). Seeking to cash in on the demand for the newly launched Apple iPhone 7 in India, Reliance Jio has launched a special offer giving complimentary Jio Digital Life for 12 months. All buyers of iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and iPhone SE will get complimentary Reliance Jio Service worth Rs 18,000 for 1 year. This Rs 18,000 includes 20GB data and unlimited SMS for one year, apart from free voice calls, which is standard for all users for the network. All new iPhone users on Jio network can avail this offer from January 1 next year after their ‘welcome plan’ expires on December 31, 2016. Now, those who buy any iPhone from a Reliance Retail or Apple store and use the Jio connection will get the ‘Welcome Offer’ free till December 31 and after that from January 1, 2017 they will get the Rs 1,499 plan free for 1 year. The Rs 1,499 plan includes unlimited local and STD voice calling and national roaming, 4G Data of up to 20 GB, unlimited 4G data at night, 40GB of WiFi data, unlimited SMS and unlimited Jio Apps subscription. Reliance is not alone in seeking to lure iPhone buyers into using the Jio network. Bharti Airtel, the incumbent rival of Reliance Jio, is offering 10GB free 4G/3G data per month for one year with any Airtel Infinity post-paid plan. The free data benefit will be over and above the plan benefits, Airtel has said. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now ‘Enjoy Every Moment’ on this Children's Day with Google doodle Happy Children's Day 2016: 10 quotes to inspire children, today and always Demonetisation: Subramanian Swamy doubts success of the step, blames Arun Jaitley for people's inconvenience Demonetisation: This 'dhaba' in Akola provides free food to customers having old Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 currency notes Guru Nanak Jayanti 'Birthday' 2016: 3 Things You Didn’t Know About Guru Nanak and Gurupurab Karnataka Minister sues journalists who filmed him watching objectionable content during a government function Earthquake in New Zealand again! 6.2 magnitude quake strikes near Christchurch: USGS Guru Nanak Jayanti 'Birthday' 2016: Importance of the sacred day of Gurpurab Don’t follow the herd if you want to make money in the stock market Invest surplus cash in debt funds now Zenfone 3 Deluxe to be the new flagship of ASUS; launches in India today  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story

clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Apple Policy & Law Business Court reinstates Apple’s $120 million patent win against Samsung New, 11 comments by Jacob Kastrenakes Oct 7, 2016, 1:08pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Samsung once again owes Apple nearly $120 million for infringing on a pair of patents. A federal appeals court ruled today that Samsung had infringed on Apple’s famous slide-to-unlock patent as well as its quick links patent, which covers software that automatically turns information like addresses and phone numbers into links. In doing so, the court upheld the case’s initial verdict, reversing a decision from three judges who had overturned it earlier this year. In an 8–3 ruling, the full panel of judges determined that the three judges acted incorrectly by considering information that wasn’t introduced in trial and by ruling on issues that were never brought up on appeal. Apple and Samsung’s other patent case goes to the Supreme Court next week "We conclude that the jury verdict on each issue is supported by substantial evidence in the record," the court writes. Later stating, "We thus reinstate the district court’s award of costs which the panel had vacated." The court also maintained a ruling against Apple, which found that it should pay Samsung $158,400 for infringing on a photo and video gallery patent, as was originally ruled back in 2014. It also sent one issue back to the initial court for reassessment, potentially increasing damages against Samsung. This ruling furthers the smaller of Apple’s two big patent cases against Samsung. The bigger of the two — the one that initially resulted in a $1 billion verdict in Apple’s favor, which has since been cut in half — heads to the Supreme Court next week for arguments over part of the ruling that covers $399 million in damages. Apple and Samsung did not respond to requests for comment. Via: Bloomberg More From The Verge What does a Trump presidency mean for climate change? How to buy Nintendo's NES Classic Trump complains about 'unfair' protestors, deletes his tweets calling for revolution in 2012 Microsoft’s updated Surface Book is a big, powerful brute of a laptop Google Daydream View review: mobile VR done mostly right Zuckerberg: the idea that fake news on Facebook influenced the election is ‘crazy’ Now Trending YouTube filmmaking duo Sneaky Zebra on shooting their incredible cosplay music videos It’s dirty and disgusting. So why do we bite our nails? Brexit 2.0 This Article has a component height of 9. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Business US & World Tech China threatens to cut iPhone sales if Trump declares a trade war by Amar Toor@amartoo China's state-run newspaper says the government would respond with "countermeasures" if President-elect Donald Trump starts a trade war against the country, warning that the sales of iPhones and US cars would suffer a "setback." In an editorial... Web Policy & Law US & World Two-thirds of the world's internet users live under government censorship: report by Amar Toor@amartoo Two-thirds of the world's internet users live under regimes of government censorship, according to a report released today. The report from Freedom House, a pro-democracy think tank, finds that internet freedom across the globe declined for a... US & World 2016 Election Donald Trump says Facebook and Twitter ‘helped him win’ by Rich McCormick Mark Zuckerberg has spent the days since Donald Trump was voted in as 45th president of the United States downplaying Facebook’s role in the election, but that position may be harder to maintain now, as Trump himself has identified Facebook as a... New, 0 comments US & World 2016 Election Trump chooses Breitbart News boss Stephen Bannon to be his chief strategist by Rich McCormick Donald Trump has named Stephen Bannon, the executive chairman of far-right publication Breitbart News, as his chief strategist and senior counselor. The president-elect announced that Bannon would be working alongside Reince Priebus, a long-time... New, 22 comments Science Energy Environment ExxonMobil is supporting the Paris climate agreement by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak The energy industry has long resisted efforts to rein in fossil fuel consumption for decades to combat climate change. It is mildly surprising then, that ExxonMobil released a statement earlier this week announcing its support of the Paris climate... New, 6 comments Tech Cybersecurity Over 300 million AdultFriendFinder accounts have been exposed in a massive breach by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Adult dating service company Friend Finder Network has reportedly been hacked, with over 412 million accounts, e-mail addresses and passwords from their websites made available on criminal marketplaces. Notably, the database does not include more... New, 10 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO French software developer sues Apple, seeking improvements in iOS browser French software developer sues Apple, seeking improvements in iOS browser Nexedi says Apple's insistence that apps use its version of the WebKit rendering engine means some HTML5 functions won't work on iOS Peter Sayer (IDG News Service) 08 October, 2016 03:16 - - - - print email Comments Software developer Nexedi is so keen to see Apple improve the rendering engine in its iPhone browser that it's filed suit against the company in a French court. Nexedi develops cross-platform business apps in HTML5 that can run unchanged on Windows, Linux, and Android. On Apple's iOS, however, it runs into a problem: The browser rendering engine on iOS, WebKit, doesn't have the same HTML5 capabilities as the rendering engines used on other platforms. Among the HTML5 capabilities missing in the iOS version of WebKit are access to APIs for vibration, ambient light detection, battery status, notifications, filesystem access and the WebRTC videoconferencing protocol, according to a copy of Nexedi's lawsuit seen by the IDG News Service. The absence of those capabilities makes it impossible to use videoconferencing websites, to play videos in the WebM format on websites, or to provide offline functionality in a browser-based office productivity suite on iOS, the company said. One way around this would be to make changes to support those functions in WebKit, which is open source, then build apps or a browser for iOS using the new version of WebKit to download and run the HTML5 code. But Apple specifically forbids developers from doing any such thing if they wish to sell their software through its App Store. Only the Apple-approved version of WebKit may be used for downloading and adding functionality after an app is approved. Even Google has had to submit to this rule: It created a new version of WebKit that it calls Blink for use in its Chrome browser on other platforms, but the iOS version of Chrome still uses Apple's WebKit. The upshot of this, Nexedi's court filing says, is that it has to redevelop its apps for the iOS platform, adding costs and delays -- €210,000 (US$235,000) in additional costs and €560,000 in lost opportunities as its staff modified code to run on the iOS version of WebKit. Over the next two years, Nexedi expects adapting its HTML5 apps to WebKit on iOS will require three developer-years of work, resulting in €120,000 of additional costs and €480,000 of lost opportunities. "The primary reason for starting this lawsuit is because we hope that it will help Apple to sooner support the latest Web and HTML5 standards on its iOS platform," Nexedi CEO Jean-Paul Smets wrote in a post on the company blog.  Nexedi can't just abandon the iOS platform because iPhones are the dominant devices in some markets -- notably with the Chinese upper middle class (a large potential market for Nexedi) and with executives worldwide who pay the company's invoices, Smets wrote. At a court hearing on Feb. 4, Nexedi will be asking the judge to order Apple Europe to pay €770,000 in damages. Apple did not respond to requests for comment. Brand Post ​Seizing control of ERP costs to drive innovation More from Rimini Street Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AppleGoogleIDGLinuxNews Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Veeam Resources Centre Gartner Partner Zone Whaling Information Security Resource Centre Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Technology is driving Australia's STEM revolution. IDG STEM Study Insights Infographic : IDG STEM study Latest Jobs Chief Enterprise Architect NSW Iteration Manager NSW Strategy and Architecture Manager NSW Business / Process Analyst (Black Belt Six Sigma) - 6 mth contract - Sydney NSW Web Developer - Wordpress NSW Project Manager - Enterprise Applications NSW Telecommunication Operations Specialist VIC E-Commerce - Senior Web Developer NSW Systems Engineer - Multiple Roles SA Senior Marketing Planning Manager - Small Business Segment VIC Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next WA mega port seeks first CIO There’s a war on for cybersecurity talent Interview: Alterian CEO on martech consolidation and uniting digital with direct CMO In pictures: Roundtable - Top strategies for CIOs in the cybersecurity war In pictures: Roundtable - Creating capacity for digital transformation There’s a war on for cybersecurity talent Market Place Hear from International Keynote Christopher Hadnagy, Chief Human Hacker, Social Engineer Inc & Author (USA) on BEC - Register now Secure Software Faster, Better - READ THE FORRESTER TEI REPORT -> CSO 412 million FriendFinder Network accounts said to be exposed in hack Kaspersky’s fed up with Windows Defender, complains to Russia and EU Suspected Russian hackers target US think tanks after election Hacker shows how easy it is to take over a city’s public Wi-Fi network European Parliament clears drone regulations for takeoff Computerworld Telstra takes stake in IT support platform provider CSIRO seeks petaflop supercomputer NSW launches its first digital licences Govt’s new cyber HQ to boost opportunities for collaboration IBM’s Watson to use genomic data to defeat drug-resistant cancers ARN Civica wins $103m contract with Victorian govt Telstra takes punt on Boontown IT support and service platform SMS pins hopes on "reset year" after 2016 earnings hit NSW kicks off digital licence rollout Adopt & Embrace - One year on…. Techworld 412 million FriendFinder Network accounts said to be exposed in hack After a decade, open source Java is still controversial The next Visual Studio is all about extensions Zuckerberg says fake news on Facebook didn’t tilt the US elections That private network on the Wi-Fi band? Won't happen CMO How this fintech startup is improving content marketing and lead generation Katja Forbes: Pioneering change in customer experience management Qantas and realestate.com entice customers with VR apps How activity data is helping Chemmart secure customer loyalty Updated: Adobe to buy video DSP TubeMogul for US$540m Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2016 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Home Mail News PLUS7 Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Weather Answers Flickr Tumblr more Mobile Games Messenger Groups The West Australian Search News Search Web Sign In Sign In News Home Home Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West Prime7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us More from Yahoo7 Home Mail News TV Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Games Competitions Cars Jobs Real Estate Courses Dating Horoscopes Yahoo7 Apps Mail Weather Flickr Plus7 7News TV Guide Finance Yahoo7 Tools Advertising Privacy Legal Help Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West PRIME7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us Apple wins appeal, $120 mn award from Samsung restored AFP on October 8, 2016, 4:05 am Apple wins appeal, $120 mn award from Samsung restored Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share Apple wins appeal, $120 mn award from Samsung restored - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr Washington (AFP) - A US appeals court on Friday handed Apple a victory in one of its battles with rival Samsung, reinstating a $119.6 million verdict for the iPhone maker for patent infringement. In the latest twist in a series of patent cases between the smartphone giants, the Federal Circuit Appeals judges ruled 8-3 in a rehearing of the case, reversing a panel of the same court in February. Apple's lawsuit contends that Samsung infringed on patents for "slide to unlock" and autocorrection, among others. Friday's ruling said Samsung failed to prove that some of the Apple innovations were "obvious" and thus not able to be patented. The opinion also said the court must defer to the decision of the jury when in doubt. "Even in cases in which a court concludes that a reasonable jury could have found some facts differently, the verdict must be sustained if it is supported by substantial evidence on the record that was before the jury," Judge Kimberly Moore wrote for the majority. Apple asked for an "en banc" rehearing of the case -- before all the appeals court judges -- following February's decision to toss out the award. Apple had sought some $2.2 billion at trial, only to have a jury award the California-based company $119.6 million. In February, the panel of judges ruled that Samsung did not infringe on one of the Apple patents and that the remaining two, which involved auto-correct and slide-to-unlock features, were not valid. Neither company responded to requests for comment. The case is separate from another suit in which Samsung was ordered to pay $548 million for patent infringement to Apple and whose appeal is set for a hearing next week in the US Supreme Court Samsung and Apple decided in 2014 to drop all patent disputes outside the United States, marking a partial ceasefire in a seemingly relentless legal war between the world's two largest smartphone makers. The companies have battled in close to a dozen countries, with each accusing the other of infringing on various patents related to their flagship smartphone and tablet products. Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share Apple wins appeal, $120 mn award from Samsung restored - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr <p>Sorry, we can't show this content as your browser does not support iframes.</p> Latest From 7News Female journalists told clothing 'indecent' during first Test Three female journalists reporting on the cricket at the WACA Ground in Perth were told they were dressed "inappropriately" for the game. 'Severe' 6.3 magnitude aftershock strikes New Zealand hours after quake killed two Woman, 100, pulled to safety from rubble of her collapsed home. The woman behind Conor McGregor's success After making UFC history, Conor McGregor is now looking forward to stepping back from the spotlight and embracing fatherhood. 'You're a terrorist stalker': Elderly woman lets fly at US citizen for speaking in Assyrian 'This is crazy just crazy. I don't feel safe anymore that's all I can say I don't feel safe.' Cows marooned on tower of land created by earthquake A group of cows has been left marooned on a column of earth after Monday’s earthquake caused landslides around them.The three – which appear to be two adults and a calf – were spotted … Woman who was fired from job now owns global bikini empire A Gold Coast woman who was fired from her job borrowed $800 from her father and in six years managed to build a million dollar global swimwear label out of it. Show Me More Recommended Videos Compare & Save Personal Loans Unsecured Personal Loan - Fixed comp. rate p.a. 9.26% Fixed Personal Loan comp. rate p.a. 12.83% Fixed Rate Personal Loan-Unsecured comp. rate p.a. 15.99% Personal Loan Unsecured comp. rate p.a. 16.85% Unsecured Personal Loan comp. rate p.a. 6.12% Personal Loan Unsecured comp. rate p.a. 13.84% Unsecured Variable Personal Loan comp. rate p.a. 16.24% Unsecured Variable Personal Loan comp. rate p.a. 16.24% Variable Rate Personal Loan-Unsec comp. rate p.a. 16.72% Important Disclosures Compare more Car Loans Car Loan (New) comp. rate p.a. 5.49% Low Rate Car Loan Special Offer comp. rate p.a. 5.93% Advantage Car Loan comp. rate p.a. 6.49% Car Loan (up to 2 years old) comp. rate p.a. 6.62% Fast Loan - Low Rate - New Car comp. rate p.a. 6.73% New Car Loan comp. rate p.a. 6.73% Fast Approval Secure Car Loan comp. rate p.a. 6.73% Important Disclosures Compare more Home Loans Basic Home Loan comp. rate p.a. 3.60% Discount Variable Home Loan Special Offer comp. rate p.a. 3.84% Fresh Start Basic Variable Home Loan comp. rate p.a. 3.94% Great Rate Variable Home Loan comp. rate p.a. 4.09% Fresh Start Variable Rate Home Loan comp. rate p.a. 4.12% Important Disclosures Compare more Credit Cards frank credit card purch. rate p.a. 11.99% Vertigo Platinum purch. rate p.a. 12.74% Vertigo Visa purch. rate p.a. 13.24% Vertigo Visa purch. rate p.a. 13.24% Low Rate Visa Card purch. rate p.a. 13.49% Low Rate purch. rate p.a. 13.49% Low Rate Card purch. rate p.a. 13.99% Rewards purch. rate p.a. 18.79% Amplify Classic purch. rate p.a. 19.49% Premium Visa Card purch. rate p.a. 19.74% Important Disclosures Compare more Savings Accounts High Interest Savings Account max rate p.a. 3.20% Online Savings Account max rate p.a. 3.05% Maxi Saver max rate p.a. 3.00% Maxi Saver max rate p.a. 3.00% Maxi Saver max rate p.a. 3.00% Online Saver max rate p.a. 3.00% Bonus Saver max rate p.a. 2.80% Savings Maximiser max rate p.a. 2.75% Online Saver max rate p.a. 2.75% Progress Saver max rate p.a. 1.91% Important Disclosures Compare more Follow Us MOST VIEWED VIDEOS Great escape as Kimi causes chaos at Brazilian GP Supermoon of the century Two bald eagles fighting over territory get stuck in storm drain Why Hillary Clinton could still become president Man shot in leg after dashcam captures him trying to flee while cop clings to car Football star floored after fan throws exploding flare onto pitch WATCH: Oh deer! Unlikely intruder's daring escape from shop Mongoose horde invades golf course Gas Cylinders Explode in Burning Car in Rio De Janeiro Street Teens risk lives for train stunt OUR PICKS Trump to deport, lock up 'probably, two or three million people' Brave volunteer injured tackling first fire Toowoomba pub owned by paroled ex-NRL player destroyed by fire Woman's body found on suburban QLD street MOST VIEWED Make it rain! Man rushes to grab cash spewing from ATM Great escape as Kimi causes chaos at Brazilian GP Supermoon of the century Two bald eagles fighting over territory get stuck in storm drain Advertise with us Safety Company info Terms Help Jobs 7Corporate Privacy back to top
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 7 AAPL: 114.06 0.17 9to5Toys Last Call: 25% off Apple Accessories Sale, Fitbit Charge 2 $120, Bluetooth Audio Dongle $8, more Trevor Daugherty - 1 month ago @trevorjd14 Deals View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: The best metal USB 3.0 flash drives for your MacBook The popular minimalistic Dwelp puzzler for iOS is now available for free (Reg. $2) Roku and Hitachi pair up for three 4K Ultra HDTVs with the popular streaming platform built-in Tivoli Audio showcases ART Wi-Fi speakers that are meant to complement your home’s design Amazon drops a horde of digital and print magazines down to $5: Fortune, Macworld, and more Be the hero of movie night with these $0.99 movie downloads: Own ‘Underworld’ (2003), more It’s time to try pour-over with this 34 oz. Bodum Coffee Maker for $20 shipped (Reg. up to $30) Green Deals: WORX Electric 2-in-1 Lawn Mower (open-box) $184 shipped (Reg. $285), more Epic Best Buy sale knocks 25% off rarely discounted tech accessories from Apple, Logitech, Belkin & others when you buy 3 (or more) items Fitbit’s latest fitness trackers – the Charge 2 $120 and Flex 2 $80 – are each on sale for 20% off at L.L.Bean iPhone 7 owners! Pick up Mpow’s Bluetooth dongle for $8 and wirelessly stream to your speakers or headphones Grab the 9.7-inch iPad Pro 32GB WiFi (Refurb) at the lowest price we’ve seen: $420 (Orig. $600) Apple’s 21-inch 4K iMac has a beautiful display, save $199 today: $1,300 shipped (Reg. $1,499) Take $569 off Apple’s high-end 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro: $1,930 shipped (Reg. $2,499) Get a $100 iTunes Gift Card for just $85 with email delivery from PayPal (15% off): save on apps, music, movies & more! Get some free money with up to 20% off Gift Cards + free email delivery: Lowe’s, Jiffy Lube and more The A-to-Z Programming Language Bundle (Learn C, Java, Python, Google Go, much more): $39 ($413 value) | 9to5MacAcademy Grand Theft Auto iOS Sale: San Andreas $3, Vice City $2, Chinatown Wars $2, Liberty City Stories $2, more App Store Free App of the Week: IMPOSSIBLE ROAD minimal arcade racer free for the first time (Reg. $3) True Skate: one of the best skate sims for iPhone/iPad just went free (Reg. $2) Design your own official Apple Magic Mouse & Keyboard in any color w/ this exclusive discount code   MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Get the Kmashi 10,000mAh power bank for $9 or the 15,000mAh for $13 Prime shipped wp.me/p1xTlR-WoY https://t.co/S5iqcBplSY— 9to5Toys (@9to5toys) October 07, 2016 Add Foscam’s R2 1080p Wireless IP Camera to your setup for just $90 (Reg. $130) Games/Apps: Madden NFL 17 $40 or less, iOS freebies, more Gooloo USB Wall Charger + 2-in-1 USB-C & Micro USB Nylon Cable $6, more iRig Pro iOS/Mac audio interface ships with Lightning cables: $88 (Reg. $130+) iSmartAlarm Home Security System $100, Fitbit Charge HR (Refurb) $70, more Wrangle your falling leaves with GreenWorks Electric Cordless Blowers $119 Shop designer fashion for up to 75% off at the Nordstrom Clear the Rack event Dyson Air Multiplier fans in Amazon’s Gold Box, priced from $120 eBay Columbus Day Sale extra 20% off home goods MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Control your outlets w/ a smartphone or Alexa: 2-pack TP-LINK Wi-Fi Smart Plugs $45 shipped ($60 value) The Bose SoundLink II Bluetooth Headphones have never been less at Amazon: $229 (Reg. $280) You can now pick up a pair of Audio-Technica ATH-M20x Pro Headphones for just $29 shipped (Reg. $49) Samsung’s 70-inch 4K Smart Ultra HDTV for $1,499 Samsung Radiant R3 Speaker $180 (Reg. $220) LEGO Star Wars kits: Ewok Village $219, more Motorola Moto 360 Bluetooth SmartWatch $70 Score $1 MP3 Albums from Van Halen, more SentrySafe 500 Fire-Proof Home Safe for under $20 Save 20% off your order of $50 at L.L.Bean Garmin VivoActive GPS Smartwatch (Refurb) for $80 Office Supplies: 3-Pack Pilot Gel Pens from $2, more Gerber Bear Grylls Camping/Hunting Knife for $29 WORX 20V Electric Blower/Vac $66 (Reg. $100+), more Amazon rolling out $30-$50 Kindle E-reader Prime discounts 5TB Seagate USB 3.0 Drive $110 (Reg. $130) Widescreen monitor: Dell 29″ $280 or LG 27″ $150 Amazon Prime Reading with thousands of free books Save 30% on your next Starbucks Store order OtterBox iPhone 7/Plus cases up to 31% off at Amazon Hoover Air Cordless Lift Bagless Upright Vac: $140 (Reg. $250) RTIC stainless steel travel mugs: 30 oz. Tumbler $13, more EGO Power+ 56V Cordless Electric Mower $185 (Reg. $300) Amazon’s Tap Portable Bluetooth Speaker for $100 Logitech Circle Wireless 1080p Security Camera: $150 Samsung 750 EVO 500GB Solid-State Drive for $120 Aukey Optic Pro 3-in-1 Lens Kit $11 (Reg. $17), more LEGO Airport Air Show Building Kit for $72 + more from $7 The Nextbit Robin 32GB 4G Smartphone: $175 (Reg. $250+) The Wonderful Wizard of Oz as a free Kindle download LIFX Smart Wi-Fi Connected LED Light Bulbs $40, more Amazon 15% off Optimum Nutrition: 5 lb. Whey Gold $48 Get one free month of  Marvel Unlimited ($10 value) Sperry’s Surprise 30% off sale: boat shoes, hoodies, more NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: The iPhone 7 has an incredible camera, but ExoLens wants to make it even better Sony’s new camera can shoot a mind-numbing 24 RAW images per second Rimac’s electric bike offers 150 miles of range at an affordable price per charge Gate combines nearly every smart home feature in a minimalistic deadbolt lock Leafboard promises to be the “lightest and most affordable” electric skateboard on the market LEGO shows off three new Batman Movie-inspired sets before New York Comic Con You’ll finally be able to own a pair Nike’s self-lacing Air Mag shoes … if you’re lucky Drobo integrates USB-C into its ‘world’s first’ self-managing DAS system Mophie introduces new modular iPhone 7/Plus case system with a battery pack, wallet, more Toyota’s cute Kirobo Mini Robot listens to your emotions and keeps you company on long trips Klever has unveiled a new line of electric bikes with an ultra-quiet design and impressive speed Guides Deals View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.


  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple wins $120 million appeal in Samsung copycat patent case Apple says Samsung infringed on patents for 'slide to unlock' and autocorrection, among others US appeals court on Friday reinstated a $119.6 million verdict Is latest twist in a series of patent cases between the smartphone giants By Afp Published: 13:07 EST, 7 October 2016 | Updated: 20:38 EST, 7 October 2016 e-mail 24 shares A US appeals court on Friday handed Apple a victory in one of its battles with rival Samsung, reinstating a $119.6 million verdict for the iPhone maker for patent infringement. In the latest twist in a series of patent cases between the smartphone giants, the Federal Circuit Appeals judges ruled 8-3 in a rehearing of the case, reversing a panel of the same court in February. Apple's lawsuit contends that Samsung infringed on patents for 'slide to unlock' and autocorrection, among others. Apple's lawsuit contends that Samsung infringed on patents for 'slide to unlock' and autocorrection, among others GLOBAL TRUCE  Samsung and Apple decided in 2014 to drop all patent disputes outside the United States, marking a partial ceasefire in a seemingly relentless legal war between the world's two largest smartphone makers. The companies have battled in close to a dozen countries, with each accusing the other of infringing on various patents related to their flagship smartphone and tablet products. Friday's ruling said Samsung failed to prove that some of the Apple innovations were 'obvious' and thus not able to be patented. The opinion also said the court must defer to the decision of the jury when in doubt. 'Even in cases in which a court concludes that a reasonable jury could have found some facts differently, the verdict must be sustained if it is supported by substantial evidence on the record that was before the jury,' Judge Kimberly Moore wrote for the majority. Apple asked for an 'en banc' rehearing of the case -- before all the appeals court judges -- following February's decision to toss out the award. Apple had sought some $2.2 billion at trial, only to have a jury award the California-based company $119.6 million. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Apple wins $120 million appeal in Samsung patent case Facebook launches 'party app' to keep track of your events -... The DIY smartphone microscope that lets you play Pac-Man and... How to cut a cake: Mathematicians reveal the technique to... Share this article Share 24 shares In February, the panel of judges ruled that Samsung did not infringe on one of the Apple patents and that the remaining two, which involved auto-correct and slide-to-unlock features, were not valid. APPLE VS SAMSUNG IN SMARTPHONE SALES  SpecOut | Graphiq Neither company responded to requests for comment. The case is separate from another suit in which Samsung was ordered to pay $548 million for patent infringement to Apple and whose appeal is set for a hearing next week in the US Supreme Court Samsung and Apple decided in 2014 to drop all patent disputes outside the United States, marking a partial ceasefire in a seemingly relentless legal war between the world's two largest smartphone makers. The companies have battled in close to a dozen countries, with each accusing the other of infringing on various patents related to their flagship smartphone and tablet products. Share or comment on this article e-mail 24 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Havelock resident shocked as he films earthquake hitting NZ Trump supporter spews ignorant racist rant at young woman Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Mother kicks her young child out for voting Trump in school Michael Moore tries to meet with Trump at Trump Tower Clinton makes final appearance at campaign headquarters Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing Nigel Farage avoids questions as he enters Trump Tower Malcolm Turnbull accuses Lisa Wilkinson of 'interrogating' him SNL mocks government shutdown with Gravity skit Terryfing video of ground shaking as earthquake hits Christchurch Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... FBI 'ran 23 child pornography sites in a bid to lure and... 'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon... Hillary's last hurrah: Clinton greets her campaign staff one... 'Kill the police!' Anti-Trump protesters chant death threats... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... So much for restraint! Trump launches a Twitter rant at the... Trump gives wide-ranging first TV interview as... Destructive tsunami waves hit New Zealand's South Island... Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business... 'Oh my God, I think America is racist!' Dave Chappelle is... Reince Priebus AND Steven Bannon will lead Trump's White... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read World's tallest tropical tree is found in Borneo - and it's as tall as THREE blue whales stacked end to end  A doorway to another world? Alien hunters say they have found a 'monolith' or 'entrance' on Mercury in... Could TRITIUM hold the key to unlimited energy? Government to test radioactive material in radical fusion... Russia unveils killer robots that can seek and shoot humans from more than FOUR miles away From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife... Were YOU killed off by Facebook? 'Terrible error' memorializes user's accounts and tells friends they are... How well do YOU know your emoji? Researchers find just one in five of us are experts - and you can take the... How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications The astonishing claims over the final resting place of Jesus: Why Japan, India and Glastonbury have all been... How Donald Trump tweeted himself into the White House: Academics say uncensored tweets were key to... UN climate talks dominated by fears Donald Trump will derail $100 billion plan launched by Hillary Clinton... Top secret X-37B military spaceplane could be turned into a lifesaving 'astronaut ambulance' Is this part of a secret spy satellite? Mysterious chunk of 'Chinese' space debris crash lands in Myanmar Now that's a bright idea! Street lights powered by FOOTSTEPS make their world debut in Las Vegas  Girls respond worse to stress than boys because a region of their brain shrinks - and experts say it could... MORE HEADLINES A doorway to another world? Alien hunters say they have found a 'monolith' or 'entrance' on Mercury in latest bizarre claim From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife Photography Awards revealed How well do YOU know your emoji? Researchers find just one in five of us are experts - and you can take the test to find out if you're one of them The ultimate guide to the biggest supermoon in living memory: MailOnline reveals how to watch the stunning spectacle on Monday How we spot snakes quickest: Humans are 'wired' to recognise the reptiles over less dangerous animals How slimeballs slither: Watch the bizarre 'slimelapse' that reveals gelatinous molds creeping for food  How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications Could TRITIUM hold the key to unlimited energy? Government to test radioactive material in radical fusion reactor Russia unveils killer robots that can seek and shoot humans from more than FOUR miles away Soaring hospital admissions, mass insomnia, pets going wild - as tonight sees the biggest moon for 70 years... Is this proof a full moon drives you loony?  Medieval GIANTESS is found in a Polish cemetery: 7ft 2in woman had a traumatic life full of disease and injury Meet Bear-yoncé! Dancing bear twerks it out in hilarious trailer for hit BBC series Planet Earth II Were YOU killed off by Facebook? 'Terrible error' memorializes user's accounts and tells friends they are dead - and even Mark Zuckerberg was hit How Donald Trump tweeted himself into the White House: Academics say uncensored tweets were key to persuading voters  MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Vacation heating up  Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Booty-ful day at the beach! RHOM star Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid reveals she posed as Playboy's Miss July 2015 with a botched breast augmentation 'Were just too big'  'He wants to make America great again... and chicken fingers': The Daily Show jokes Trump's speechwriter could easily be a kid Sponsored 'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  'I'm going to be a daughter': Ivanka Trump denies she will be part of her father's administration in first televised interview since election victory  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin SPOILER ALERT: Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about his 'daughter' Judith on The Walking Dead He is everyone's favorite post-apocalypse dad  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Message on page said it 'isn't available' Megyn Kelly opens up to Dr Phil about the 'sexual harassment' she suffered at hands of Roger Ailes and how Trump once 'screamed' at her  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight She's ripped! Former model and author Kelly Bensimon, 48,  wears torn blue jeans while out with teenage daughter Thadeus in New York City Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Nicole Kidman reunites with To Die For co-star Casey Affleck for Variety's Actors on Actors taping Reunion 21 years after film was released  Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends  American Civil Liberties Union dinner in Beverly Hills  Looked gorgeous  'You started it': Kenya Moore and Shereé Whitfield hurl nasty insults over home renovations on Real Housewives of Atlanta  Feisty friction  More Fergalicious than ever! Fergie's got legs for days in behind-the-scenes footage from new video Life Goes On  Black Eyed Peas beauty posted racy clip  No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Arrived at the Roosevelt Hotel 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star wore an eccentric outfit  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape She's a real page turner! Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in LA Loked comfortable and stylish RHOM's Gina Liano accidentally takes a swipe at fellow reality lawyer Anna Heinrich for posing nude for a magazine cover in her 30s after doing the same at 50 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup She wore an itsy-bitsy peach bikini! Australian The Bachelor's Noni Janur barely covers her modesty in her tiny G-string swimsuit as she hits Bondi Beach Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Nikki Reed looks radiant in floral patterned frock as she cuddles up to Ian Somerhalder at Unlikely Heroes event in Dallas Was a hostess at event Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40 million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body Fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger admits he has 50 of the SAME outfit and doesn't wear the preppy sportswear from his own brand   Dressed in smart suits  Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Arrived statuesque and Golden  The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals More vacation antics  Resurrected! Dave Chappelle plays Negan in Walking Dead skit while hosting SNL... as well as a half dozen of his most famous characters Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Bella Thorne, 19,  is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Rocked two outfits  'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon chokes up as she foregoes comedy and performs rendition of late Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah on SNL EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot Turned heads with her racy poses  Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor showed off his biceps Bear Grylls backs down on his plans to build 25 beach huts at a Welsh beauty spot after angering locals Was in retreat about plans for 25 beach huts From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on chat show On British television  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on lifelong fatherhood aspirations He always wanted a baby Just Jane, for now: Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split 'I was a bit of a bastard': Rock and roll legend Phil Collins ADMITS to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' It's fash-cone, darling! Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat as she steps out in chilly NYC Wrapped up warm against the weather  Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Had arrived from London Blac Chyna's mom Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive... after second grandchild is born A very generous side Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA  Crossed paths! Andrew Garfield and runs into ex-girlfriend Emma Stone at Variety Studio Actors on Actors event in LA  Was it awkward? People wanted to kill me, says Harry's girl: Meghan talks to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and her most embarrassing TV moment to date  The Firm out in force: Kate and the Queen bring out their princes for a star-studded Festival of Remembrance at the Albert Hall  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot The security specialist Fired Billy Bush eyes up a comeback 'to run Hollywood coverage on Trump campaign CEO's Breitbart website' following election win Disgraced host  Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London   Was speculation she would meet family Where's Meghan? Harry cheers on England at Twickenham but there's no sign of his new girlfriend (and he is sitting next to Princess Charlene of Monaco)  Happyness pursued: Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his day hard at work  Photograph that Taylor Swift claims is evidence that radio DJ 'reached under her skirt and groped her' is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Is on board of charity  In the navy! Jennifer Garner, 44, is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of star-studded  Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Wowed on arrival Calling the shots! Katie Holmes, 37, puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival Showed off her movie 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet The baby already has an Instagram account  Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital Seen in LA EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  She is 37 From a modest home  to the future First Lady: Melania Trump is the daughter of a car parts salesman - but she always dreamed of a jet set lifestyle  Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  A royal plea She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online She addressed the criticism  Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time Over the moon at family's new addition  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey Singer had broken down in his home state  Former Today show host Billy Bush is 'being courted by Breitbart to run their Hollywood coverage following Trump's victory' Comeback? Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle Died at her home in California  Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York All bundled up for a day in the city  'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber Quality family time  Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Partnered with Natalie Portman for event What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Hilary Duff showcased her killer abs  Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in Los Angeles  Her due date is getting close  Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Grey's Anatomy alum Katherine Heigl, 37, shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Fox news anchor under fire for a pro-Trump Facebook post that slammed Obama for making 'the entire country hate one another' Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack  It's Sgt Pepper's lost stars club band: Inspired by the iconic Beatles album cover, a touching tribute to list of celebrities who have died in 2016  'Bottoms up': Australian model Annabella Barber posts Kardashian inspired belfie... as model strips down to her pants for raunchy TOPLESS photo Film-maker Michael Moore calls on Donald Trump to STEP DOWN as President-elect - before joining thousands of protesters in the streets  She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror  Ripped female bodybuilder with an incredible 'ZERO per cent' body fat shows off her trim physique but sparks debate over whether she's healthy 'You can never be too careful with your safety':  Delta Goodrem reveals her stalker fear after she went to EXTREME lengths to lose a following vehicle Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood on Friday night 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Almost Famous star  Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon Married couple took in the scenery  Red hot! Australia The Bachelor's Rachael Gouvignon sets pulses racing in teeny bikini... as busty star goes for a swim after a run along the beach   REVIEW: Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Hotly anticipated  'I feel like I did after 9/11': Robert De Niro shares his anger following Trump's victory  He previously said  Trump is 'a punk' Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays her toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves the gym in LA The 21-year-old in-demand model  'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over two-year-old daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Already has a catwalk bug  Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event The 41-year-old redhead tried out a new look alongside co-stars  Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee donned Nike trainers Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose 'A little fishing with my guy' Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip On vacation  Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  A political twist  Help is on the way! Supergirl, The Flash, and Arrow unite for the biggest crossover event in CW superhero history It's in an epic four-day event Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The 30-year-old former O.C. star was unmissable  Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars The 43-year-old actress was beaming Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Working hard to make a name for herself  Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Jamie Oliver continued his pride in sweet snap Showstopper! Mariah Carey sizzles in sexy skin tight jumpsuit and animal print heels for night on the town The 46-year-old was in Los Angeles  Trump gets the last laugh: Alec Baldwin WON'T play The Donald on this week's SNL - and could ditch the part forever Won't reprise role  'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Her own demonstration Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil The First Lady freezes in time as LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers take on Mannequin Challenge during visit to the White House and get Michelle Obama to strike a pose Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned $13MILLION in one year' through endorsement deals Big bucks Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Showed off their understated style in NYC 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee The Young Mummy blogger says that in spite of the stretch marks, the excruciating pain and the migraines, she feels 'on top of the world' while expecting 'I am for reals sick': Amy Schumer postpones Baltimore show after 'heartbreaking' Clinton defeat Will return at later date   Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles The two-time Academy Award nominee  Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian 'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip The F1 champ Their romance is developing at an astonishing pace, and now Prince Harry's love is in London... is this the weekend Meghan is welcomed into the heart of the Royal family?  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards in Cannes Sharp suit  Shameless star Steve Howey 'berated Muslim nanny when she prayed in his home while his wife made her look at penis pics of A-list actor she was having an affair with', claims lawsuit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Can someone actually stop the motormouth? Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical The final curtain for the 'Godfather of gloom': Footage surfaces of Leonard Cohen's last EVER performance in New Zealand almost three years ago 'Never too late for a late post': Khloe Kardashian robs boyfriend Tristan Thompson's camouflage jacket to pose on Veteran's Day From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Trump gives wide-ranging first TV interview as President-elect and opens up on abortion, same-sex marriage, Obamacare and tells divided America: 'Don't be afraid'  1.5k comments 4 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Digital News Spotify and Apple Music Get Remixes, Thanks to Dubset Janko Roettgers Senior Silicon Valley Correspondent @jank0 0 Share This Article Email LinkedIn Print Pin It Tumblr hurricanehank / Shutterstock October 7, 2016 | 09:57AM PT Both Spotify and Apple Music are starting to add remixes to their catalog, according to a Techcrunch report. This is possible due to a cooperation with Dubset, which operates a kind of clearing service for DJ mixes and samples. One of the first remixes that’s up on both services is a DJ Jazzy Jeff remix of Anderson.Paak’s song “Room In Here.” The new version wasn’t commissioned by Anderson.Paak or his label, but is instead one of the countless remixes produced by DJs and bedroom artists without asking for permission. Usually, these songs often find their way to SoundCloud, or other music sites that allow uploading of user-generated media. But earlier this year, both Apple Music and Spotify struck deals with Dubset that will allow them to stream this kind of material as well. Dubset essentially scans songs for recognizable samples, identifies the source material, and then works out how much money the original rights holders are supposed to get. However, there’s a reason both Apple and Spotify are just dipping the toes in the water with one single track: Dubset has struck deals with music publishers, but has yet to sign up any of the major labels for its clearing service. That means that music services using Dubset won’t be able to stream user-generated remixes of Justin Bieber tracks any time soon. Last month, news broke that Spotify was pursuing an acquisition of SoundCloud, which has long allowed the upload of user-generated media. SoundCloud has struck deals with all major labels, and aims to eventually monetize user remixes with advertising and subscription fees. Filed Under: Apple Music Dubset Soundcloud Spotify Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 2016-2017 Oscar Predictions Most Popular 1 TV 10:00PM PT ‘Westworld’ Showrunners Talk Episode 7’s Shocking Host Reveal 2 TV 8:49PM PT John Oliver Urges Vigilance Against Trump, Sounds Alarm About Fake News and Declares ‘F— 2016’ 3 TV 7:25PM PT ‘Walking Dead’ Recap: Negan Offers ‘Service’ With an Evil Smile (SPOILERS) 4 TV 7:25PM PT ‘The Walking Dead’: Danai Gurira on Michonne’s Surprising Decision (SPOILERS) 5 TV 7:00PM PT ‘Westworld’ Recap: We’re All Mad Here Ava DuVernay on Trump and Mass Incarceration: ‘He Feels It’s a Business’ Record 27 Films Submitted for Animated Feature Oscar Race Warren Beatty Joins Best Actor Race With Colorful ‘Rules Don’t Apply’ Performance Playback: Jake Gyllenhaal on ‘Nocturnal Animals,’ ‘Demolition’ Response and More Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More Digital News from Variety The Power of Content Bon Jovi se ubica en el primer lugar de la lista Billboard 200 John Oliver: Donald Trump "Is Not Normal" Exclusive: Rihanna and Manolo Blahnik Collaborate for Remake of… Gotham Star Shuts Down Those Who Complain a Gay Penguin Is Not… Watch Dave Chappelle's hilarious SNL opening monologue tackle… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line BGR WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2016 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource
null
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > MTA eTix app now supports Apple Pay, allowing commuters in New York to avoid lines MTA eTix app now supports Apple Pay, allowing commuters in New York to avoid lines October 7, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment The MTA eTix app for New York commuters has now gained support for Apple Pay. This means commuters can now easily and securely pay for their tickets for New York City’s Long Island Railroad and Metro-North Railroad trains. Apple’s Apple Pay Vice President Jennifer Bailey commented on the rollout, saying that the commute is now much easier for New Yorkers. “The New York commute just got that much easier thanks to Apple Pay in the MTA eTix app. Now you can skip the line entirely to buy train tickets right on your iPhone.” With the free MTA eTix app on the App Store, users are no longer required to wait in line in order to purchase tickets. Rather, they can launch the app on their iPhone, purchase a ticket and skip the line entirely. MTA’s Long Island and Metro-North Railroad trains are the two most busiest commuter trains in North America. Both have an average of 280-300 thousand passengers per day on any given weekday. The updated MTA eTix app is now available on the App Store. Tags: Apple Pay, MTA eTix, New York About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← With Dubset partnership, Apple Music gains support for unofficial remixes iPhone 7 to launch in Israel on October 20, launches in India → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Apple releases iOS 10.0.3 to the iPhone 7, fixes cellular connectivity issues3 iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 iPhone 7 to be available in 4 additional countries on November 41 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog Do physical keyboards still have a place in the smartphone industry? BlackBerry CEO confirms that new phone with physical keyboard is coming Google's Play Newsstand 4.0 update brings new look OnePlus 3 will receive Android 7.0 Nougat update by the end of the year Google Home Unboxing, Setup and First Look AT&T Stream Saver will optimize mobile video to save data, launching in early 2017 HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5.5-inch Quad HD display, aluminum unibody design Android And Me Best 10 smartphone, smartwatch and accessory DEAL: Nextbit Robin gets a 43% price The OnePlus 3 will receive a beta build AT&T Stream Saver saves data by lowering Google Play Newsstand reveals a new Top 10 Android app updates this week: TmoNews T-Mobile’s Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge AT&T borrows T-Mobile Binge On to launch Next T-Mobile Tuesday will offer UE Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 launches T-Mobile launches 4G LTE service at T-Mobile offering Samsung Galaxy S7 T-Mobile Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > With Dubset partnership, Apple Music gains support for unofficial remixes With Dubset partnership, Apple Music gains support for unofficial remixes October 7, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment Back in March, Apple struck a deal with music rights company Dubset. Up until now, Apple showed no signs of using the deal. Today, Apple Music will start supporting single-track remixes, reports TechCrunch. In addition, Spotify is also supporting single-track remixes. In a nutshell, this means that user-uploaded content that isn’t released by major record labels can now be accessed by Apple Music. This includes tons of different remixes that the artists themselves upload, but do not get published by labels due to rights issues. With Dubset’s tech, they’re able to scan and match track parts to its Mixbank of snippets. Once matching is complete, Dubset distributes the royalties to the respective artists. One problem with this system are multi-song mixes that DJs share via live gigs. However, Dubset says that this feature is “coming next” and will distribute royalties for those formats. Dubset works by scanning an entire mix and matching every part of the track to its Mixbank of snippets of official songs based on Gracenote’s audio fingerprinting database. Dubset matches the samples in a mix to these snippets, then distributes royalties for the play evenly to the original rights holders. The ultimate goal of Apple’s Dubset partnership is that both artists and listeners win. Those who own the rights get paid, DJs can share their work, and listeners can hear it all on one platform. Tags: Apple Music, Dubset About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Apple Pay on the web continues to rollout with support from more retailers MTA eTix app now supports Apple Pay, allowing commuters in New York to avoid lines → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Apple releases iOS 10.0.3 to the iPhone 7, fixes cellular connectivity issues3 iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 iPhone 7 to be available in 4 additional countries on November 41 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog Do physical keyboards still have a place in the smartphone industry? BlackBerry CEO confirms that new phone with physical keyboard is coming Google's Play Newsstand 4.0 update brings new look OnePlus 3 will receive Android 7.0 Nougat update by the end of the year Google Home Unboxing, Setup and First Look AT&T Stream Saver will optimize mobile video to save data, launching in early 2017 HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5.5-inch Quad HD display, aluminum unibody design Android And Me Best 10 smartphone, smartwatch and accessory DEAL: Nextbit Robin gets a 43% price The OnePlus 3 will receive a beta build AT&T Stream Saver saves data by lowering Google Play Newsstand reveals a new Top 10 Android app updates this week: TmoNews T-Mobile’s Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge AT&T borrows T-Mobile Binge On to launch Next T-Mobile Tuesday will offer UE Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 launches T-Mobile launches 4G LTE service at T-Mobile offering Samsung Galaxy S7 T-Mobile Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple is working on iPhone batteries that last longer and don’t explode Chris Smith BGR NewsOctober 7, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Samsung is currently dealing with a massive Galaxy Note 7 scandal that was caused by a faulty battery design. Unsurprisingly, even the slightest battery design error can lead to life-threatening explosions, and we've seen cars and even a house destroyed as a result. The Galaxy Note 7 isn’t the only smartphone whose battery exploded, but it’s the first one to be recalled because of a widespread battery defect. iPhones can explode too, although Apple never had to resort to such extreme measures to fix battery problems. And it turns out that Apple is studying ways to make its future batteries even more efficient while also ensuring that they remain safe. DON’T MISS: Under no circumstances should you buy a Galaxy Note 7 A new Apple patent application titled Battery Can describes technology that would let Apple create batteries that provide more energy and a longer lifespan while offering improved safety as well. Filed on April 1st and published on October 6th, the patent highlights battery enclosure technology that would ensure the safety of the user while also improving battery performance. The patent focuses on the battery enclosure rather than the battery cell, proving that Apple is very interested in creating batteries that will be less likely to explode or swell as they approach the end of their lifespan. “Battery performance and lifecycles in mobile electronic and other types of computing devices are an ever increasing concern,” Apple writes. “Particularly as mobile devices become smaller while the processing power and demands on such devices increase, the ability of the battery to provide the necessary power needs to the device increases in importance and competes with the desire to reduce the overall size of the device. Obtaining more power from the battery while restraining the overall size of the battery to fit within the mobile device is a continual challenge. It is with these and other issues in mind that various aspects of the present disclosure were developed.” The battery can design Apple proposes will provide “increased pressure on the battery stack for higher battery performance.” The battery can design could have any shape or size, giving the battery assembly “substantial form factor flexibility.” Apple also details a way of manufacturing a battery can enclosure that would reduce the gap between the battery stack and the can surface compared to traditional designs. “The reduced gap can result in a more intimate and/or constant contact between battery and the battery can,” Apple explains. “This reduction in the gap aids in resisting swelling of the battery stack during the lifetime of the battery. Such resistance to the swelling of the battery stack may increase the performance, durability, and useful life of the battery, as well as protect the device in which the battery can is mounted.” The patent specifically mentions various Apple products that could benefit from such innovations, including the iPhone, iPad, iPod and Apple TV, which are all specifically named in the patent application. The battery can technology described in the patent might also be used for laptops, computer accessories or anything else that might contain a battery. That said, there’s no telling which new Apple products will actually make use of this type of battery can design, or even whether or not any Apple products already contain such batteries. apple-iphone-battery-can-patent-1More apple-iphone-battery-can-patent-2More Read More apple-iphone-battery-can-patent-3More Trending right now: Some companies are threatening to fire workers who buy an iPhone 7 Leak reveals major design changes coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 Samsung might actually be facing a second Galaxy Note 7 recall See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Polls Show Hillary Clinton Leading Donald Trump in Election’s Final Days Fortune iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech All the Photoshops of this photo of Donald Trump and Barack Obama are perfect BGR News New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
null
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt LondonWin A Free Trip To Disrupt London Enter Today Amazon Once offering to fire Trump into space, Jeff Bezos sends his congratulations to the president-elect Google launches its Cloud Platform region in Tokyo Jeff Bezos, Mayo Clinic back anti-aging startup Unity Biotechnology for $116 million Browse more... Netflix Is Netflix Disney’s next big buy and is Reed Hastings its next CEO? Five industries that should take a cue from Netflix and crowdsource parts of its tech Coursera’s new monthly subscriptions could monetize procrastination Browse more... Apple Music Spotify and Apple Music get unofficial mixes, the best part of SoundCloud Spotify could out-dance Apple if it does acquire SoundCloud Drake’s new short film “Please Forgive Me” arrives as an Apple Music exclusive Browse more... Disney Hulu’s live TV streaming service will have channels from Fox & Disney, including ABC, ESPN & more FTC complaint alleges Google, Disney & others profit from deceptive ads aimed at kids Doctor Strange’s science consultant talks about consciousness and the multiverse Browse more... apple inc Apple’s new Intel driven MacBook Pros have a secondary ARM processor that runs Touch ID and security Why Apple’s MacBook Touch Bar was the right thing to do Brexit hikes price of all Apple’s Macs in the UK by up to 25% Browse more... Crunch Network Whether it’s Disney, Amazon, or Apple, someone’s definitely going to buy Netflix Posted Oct 7, 2016 by Peter Csathy (@pcsathy) 0 SHARES Next Story Tilda is the web design tool for the rest of us Peter Csathy Crunch Network Contributor Peter Csathy is Chairman of CREATV Media, a media innovation and advisory firm. More posts by this contributor: Is Netflix Disney’s next big buy and is Reed Hastings its next CEO? Whatever happened to MCNs? How to join the network New rumors swirl in our Media 2.0 world about one massive potential tantalizing and game-changing deal – Disney buying behemoth SVOD service Netflix. That makes sense – and may happen – but Apple (or even Amazon) make even more sense. Each has the means (Disney’s market cap is about 3X Netflix’s, Apple’s is a whopping 12X, and Amazon’s is 8X). In any event, Netflix will be bought. It’s only a question of when. First, let’s set the stage. Yes, all of us are Netflix users – and that “us” is increasingly global. We all happily shell out our low monthly fee without even thinking about it. Netflix is killing it, right? But, that strength of reach and easy subscriptions is also its fundamental Achilles heel. Those subscriptions – that content — alone drive its business model. That’s it. No diversification. So, in order to be long-term profitable and survive, Netflix must continue to acquire massive numbers of new customers, retain those that it has, and do it in a way that keeps its subscriptions at a low price we are conditioned to pay. Amidst the endless array of competing SVOD services worldwide, however, that will be harder and harder to do. Its growth both in the U.S. and overseas has already raised red flags. Netflix’s “special sauce” to stay on track– its key draw – is its “Originals” (premium content it develops for Netflix customers only). “House of Cards” started it all. But, once we binge watch our favorite Netflix series, what keeps us there when switching to another show on another OTT platform is so easy? More exclusive originals, that’s what. That means continuously “feeding the beast” — our voracious demand and expectation for new compelling premium A-list-driven content. That’s why Netflix’s Chief Content Officer Ted Sarandos just recently announced that its goal is for 50% of its content to be originals in the next couple years. Netflix has no choice. But, that beast is increasingly expensive to feed (especially at that scale). Those costs will only skyrocket moving forward, as the expanded playing field of SVOD competitors fight for access to a limited supply of A-list marquee talent they too hope will attract new customers (and keep them there). Netflix’s Originals-only formula — that singular model — is not sustainable long-term for a company of Netflix’s size. It can be sustainable for behemoths Disney, Apple and Amazon (and others like them). Disney monetizes multiple content platforms (not just Netflix’s one) – movies, television (including crown jewel ESPN), OTT (including Maker Studios as a result of its $700 million-ish acquisition), theme parks, merchandise. In Disney’s Magic Kingdom, Netflix makes sense. First, Disney can absorb Netflix’s existential financial pressures in a way Netflix alone never can. Second, Netflix can be the long-term premium video OTT solution it needs to calm its own long-term pressures that are more “traditional” in nature. Wall Street has hammered Disney of late primarily because ESPN – its cash cow via traditional Pay TV carriage deals – is under siege in our OTT video world where cord cutting, and a whole generation of cord-nevers, are real mega-threats.   Apple is an even more obvious Netflix buyer. Apple desperately wants its own OTT “Netflix Killer,” but Hollywood has stymied its efforts to date. Netflix itself could be the answer. We’ve already seen this movie before on the music side when Apple’s own streaming efforts failed. Apple bought Beats for $3 billion and re-branded it Apple Music. Netflix’s price-tag certainly would be massively more costly, but the core strategic rationale is the same. For Apple, Netflix and Beats don’t need to justify their existence by their stand-alone financials alone. At Apple, content is essentially a marketing expense — a Trojan Horse used to lure us in to buy its high margin hardware (iPhones, iPads, Macs, Apple TVs). Netflix is a success even if it doesn’t generate a single stand-alone $1 of profit, so long as we buy more Apples. Amazon may be another logical buyer, even though it already offers its own Netflix competitor – Amazon Prime Video (and we consumers don’t even need to pay extra for it, so long as we are Amazon Prime members – and why not, free shipping!). Netflix could be an even deeper hook to draw even more of us in to its sky-mall, keep us there, and shop and shop and shop. If that works, Amazon is happy. Whether current rumors are true remains to be seen. But, these underlying realities will not change. Netflix will be bought. Featured Image: Bryce Durbin 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Netflix Founded 1997 Overview Netflix is an online platform that enables user to watch TV shows and movies on smart TVs, gaming consoles, PCs, Macs, mobiles, tablets, and so on. It provides its services under three segments: international streaming, domestic streaming, and domestic DVD. The network enables members to access and view more than one billion hours of TV shows and movies per month, including Netflix original series. … Location Los Gatos, CA Categories Digital Entertainment, Consumer Electronics, Video Website http://www.netflix.com Full profile for Netflix Apple Music Description All the ways you love music. All in one place. Available on the new iOS. Website http://apple.com Full profile for Apple Music Apple Founded 1976 Overview Apple is a multinational corporation that designs, manufactures, and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, portable digital music players, and sells a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. Apple provides many products and services, including iPhone; iPad; iPod; Mac; Apple TV; a portfolio … Location Cupertino, CA Categories Consumer Electronics, Retail, Hardware, Software, Electronics Website http://www.apple.com Full profile for Apple Amazon Founded 1994 Overview Amazon is an e-commerce retailer formed originally to provide consumers with products in two segments. It offers users with merchandise and content purchased for resale from vendors and those offered by third-party sellers. Operating in North American and International markets, Amazon provides its services through websites such as amazon.com and amazon.ca. It also enables authors, musicians, filmmakers, … Location Seattle, WA Categories Crowdsourcing, E-Commerce, Internet, Delivery, Retail, Software Founders Jeff Bezos Website http://amazon.com Full profile for Amazon Amazon Web Services Founded 2006 Overview Amazon Web Services provides information technology infrastructure services to businesses in the form of web services. Its products and solutions include cloud computing, compute, networking, storage and content delivery, databases, analytics, application services, deployment and management, mobile services, applications, AWS marketplace software, startups, enterprises, partners, government and education, … Location Seattle, WA Categories Web Development, Software, Information Technology, Information Services Website http://aws.amazon.com Full profile for Amazon Web Services Amazon Echo Description Amazon Echo is designed around your voice. Website http://www.amazon.com/oc/echo/ Full profile for Amazon Echo The Walt Disney Company Founded 1923 Overview The Walt Disney Company, together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, is a leading diversified international family entertainment and media enterprise with the following business segments: media networks, parks and resorts, studio entertainment, consumer products and interactive media. Location Burbank, CA Categories Broadcasting, Media and Entertainment, Animation, Video Website http://thewaltdisneycompany.com Full profile for The Walt Disney Company Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Snapchat Starts Selling Spectacles | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Apple Music Netflix Disney apple inc Amazon Popular Posts Featured Stories Slice is an app that's all about pizza VIDEO | 1:08 Zuckerberg claims 99% of Facebook posts “authentic,” denies fake news there influenced election 11 hours ago | Lora Kolodny How Facebook can escape the echo chamber 15 hours ago | Anna Escher Secret is coming back yesterday | Sarah Buhr I refuse to review Snapchat Spectacles — but I’m glad to have my hands back yesterday | Matthew Panzarino Latest From TechCrunch WTF is computer vision? 2 hours ago | Devin Coldewey, Contributor Is Netflix Disney’s next big buy and is Reed Hastings its next CEO? 3 hours ago | Peter Csathy Naver to launch $43M fund to seek out investments for its Snow and Webtoon services 4 hours ago | Jon Russell How President Trump could abuse big data and the surveillance state 4 hours ago | Jon Stokes Comment moderation powered by Up Next Tilda is the web design tool for the rest of us Posted Oct 7, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Developer Events Content Manager (Contract Role) at Google (Mountain View, CA, United States) Director of Marketing and Communications (Position #4782) at Northern Illinois University (DeKalb, IL, United States) Digital Marketing Analyst at Stony Brook University (Stony Brook, NY, United States) Advanced TV Product Manager - Media at Time Warner Cable/Spectrum (New York, NY, United States) Technical Product Manager @ PANTHEON at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Pro-Trump CEO gets booted from Y Combinator over harassment concerns yesterday by Anthony Ha Is Netflix Disney’s next big buy and is Reed Hastings its next CEO? 3 hours ago by Peter Csathy Why the next great SaaS company will look nothing like Salesforce 18 hours ago by Aaref Hilaly WTF is computer vision? 2 hours ago by Devin Coldewey FriendFinder Networks hack reportedly exposed over 412 million accounts 12 hours ago by Megan Rose Dickey Review: The NES Classic Edition and all 30 games on it Nov 7, 2016 by Devin Coldewey Zuckerberg claims 99% of Facebook posts “authentic,” denies fake news there influenced election 11 hours ago by Lora Kolodny How President Trump could abuse big data and the surveillance state 4 hours ago by Jon Stokes
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 71,926 Kellyanne Conway tells The Post she feels 'blessed’ over White House gig 50,007 Broken engagement leads to lawsuit over $125K diamond ring 40,191 Insiders say Donald Trump is 'disgusted' by Chris Christie 32,922 The one scenario that could still get Hillary into the White House 28,567 Trump to a divided America: 'Don't be afraid' 22,725 Melania Trump's girl-on-girl photos from racy shoot revealed Photo: Shutterstock Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Tech Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy A brief history of the most humiliating hacks ever By Lauren Tousignant View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) October 7, 2016 | 12:20pm Modal Trigger Photo: Shutterstock A hot topic of the 2016 presidential election has been how each candidate would handle one of the greatest threats facing the US today: hacking and cyberterrorism. And whether either candidate has a clear plan to combat a terrorist’s cyberattack remains unclear. Trump’s responses in the first debate about a hypothetical 400-pound man hacking the DNC and that “the security aspect of cyber is very, very tough” will surely remain #debatenight favorites. But hacking wasn’t always the national security threat it is today. The history of hacking also includes teen pranksters, curious college students and computer “cowboys” who tested the boundaries of cyberspace long before it became a high-stakes crime. Here are five hackers who stuck it to the system while exposing huge security holes and earning icon status among their like-minded peers. Their weights are unknown. 1903: The wireless telegraph hack Italian physicist and inventor Guglielmo Marconi at work in his laboratory with one of his wireless transmitters in 1903.Photo: Getty Images In 1903, Guglielmo Marconi, the “father of modern radio,” organized a public demonstration of his latest invention, the wireless telegraph. He bragged about the new technology to the St. James Gazette, saying, “I can tune my instruments so that no other instrument that is not similarly tuned can tap my messages.” Wrong: The demonstration was hacked by Nevil Maskelyne, a British magician who’d been hired as a spy by the Eastern Telegraph Co. The communications hub feared Marconi’s wireless invention would push them out of business. Marconi’s assistant, John Ambrose Fleming, was standing in a lecture hall at the Royal Institute in London while Marconi sat on a hill 300 miles away — ready to send the first public wireless Morse code. Right before Fleming was supposed to receive the message, Maskelyne hacked in. After repeatedly sending the word RATS, he sent a cheeky poem mocking Marconi, that began with: “There was a young fellow of Italy, who diddled the public quite prettily.” Marconi didn’t respond, but a seething Fleming published a letter in The Times of London, asking for assistance in finding the culprit. Maskelyne happily identified himself, saying his prank was for the good of the public, since it revealed holes in the “secure” network. 1971: The phone phreaks A phone phreak demonstrates how to use a “blue box” to make free long-distance phone calls.Photo: New York Post Archives In the 1950s, an underground subculture of precocious pranksters hacked the telephone, outwitting Ma Bell to place free phone calls. They became known as phone phreaks. “It was the only game in town if you wanted to play with a computer,” Phil Lapsley, author of “Exploding the Phone,” told the New York Times in 2007. Photo: New York Post Archives At the center of it all was Josef Engressia. Born in 1949, Engressia — who later legally changed his name to Joybubbles — was blind, and had perfect pitch as well as an IQ of 172. His family moved around a lot. At night, he would hug a phone and let the dial tone soothe him to sleep. When he was 7, he figured out how to cut off the phone’s circuit. “I started whistling along with it,” he told the New York Times Magazine. “And all of a sudden the circuit cut off. And gradually … I figured out — back in the mid-’50s — just how to do it.” While a student at the University of South Florida, he would charge classmates a dollar to place free long-distance calls. He was arrested on charges of defrauding the phone company in 1971, but claimed he orchestrated the arrest himself so that the phone company would hire him. It did. Joybubbles was an icon among the phreaks and at 22 was anointed “the original granddaddy phone phreak” by Esquire magazine. The 1971 article “Secrets of the Little Blue Box” revealed the underground society to the general public for the first time. “The phone company is nothing but a computer,” John T. Draper, another infamous phreak, told the magazine. “If I do what I do, it is only to explore a system.” Draper was known as “Captain Crunch” after using a toy whistle prize from a cereal box to match telephone frequencies and make blue boxes, the small devices phreaks used to manipulate the international telephone system. Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak credit the movement with inspiring the creation of Apple. “I don’t think there would have ever been an Apple Computer had there not been blue boxing,” Steve Jobs said during a 1993 interview. Wozniak has said the Esquire article hangs in his office, alongside the official document from when Apple went public. 1983: The 414s Documentary “The 414s” showed then-hacker Neal Patrick.Photo: CNN Films In 1983, six tech-savvy friends from Milwaukee, Wis., were busted by the FBI for breaking into dozens of computer systems, including a nuclear weapons research lab in New Mexico. Often referred to as the first computer hackers, the teens called themselves the 414s after their town’s zip code. Some of the members were eventually prosecuted, leading to the first legislation on computer crimes. They met at IBM’s “Explorer Club,” which was hosted by the local Boy Scouts and taught members how to use the company’s machines. “We were a curious group and we were eager to learn more and more about the different computers made and how they worked,” one of the gang’s members, Timothy Winslow, wrote in a May essay for CNN, titled “I hacked into a nuclear facility in the ‘80s. You’re welcome.” The 414s were caught after they hacked hospital giant Sloan-Kettering (whose username and password were both “test”). They realized the system was logging their activity, so they tried to delete their tracks — but accidentally deleted billing records (which cost the company $1,500) in the process. Newsweek cover, Sept. 5, 1983.Photo: Newsweek FBI agents showed up at their homes and seized their computers. Winslow told the Telegraph that the agents were “kind of funny” because they had to buy a book to learn how to turn on the computers. “And they still couldn’t do it.” After their arrest, Newsweek ran a cover story that identified the group as “hackers,” the first time the term had been used in mainstream media. Mostly, the 414s had been searching for computer games. “We wanted to learn about the new ones coming out,” Winslow told the Telegraph. Since there weren’t any hacking laws at that time, three of the members (including Wilson) were charged with making harassing phone calls and  other misdemeanors . They got two years’ probation and a $500 fine. 1988: The Morris worm Robert Tappan Morris is now a faculty member at MIT’s Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory.Photo: courtesy of MIT Robert Tappan Morris was a 21-year-old graduate student at Cornell University when he developed a computer “worm” that crashed the hard drives of over 6,000 computers — including the Department of Defense Arpanet network. His program, known as the Morris worm, infected the “Internet” in 1988, when it was still a proper noun that referred to a computer system which connected fewer than 200,000 corporate, military and university computers. Morris, who received his bachelor’s from Harvard, claimed he designed the bug as a way to gauge the size of the internet. But a design flaw morphed it into the virus that, according to the US General Accounting Office, caused between $100,000 and $10 million in losses. Removing the virus ranged from $200 to over $53,000. “Morris’ motive was to show there were security problems on the Internet that needed to be taken seriously,” Eric Allman, chief science officer at Sendmail, told Network World in 2008. Sendmail was initially exploited by Morris’ bug. “I don’t think anybody believed Robert was trying to destroy the Internet.” He became the first person tried and convicted under the 1968 Computer Fraud and Abuse Act — the government didn’t buy his “honest mistake” story. Prosecutors alleged that he knew the damage his program would cause, pointing to the fact that he released the bug onto MIT’s computer network, purportedly to cover his tracks. A Cornell professor told the New York Times that Morris was admitted to the grad program because he “had a reputation for being a hacker.” Morris was found guilty, but received a light sentence: 400 hours of community service, a $10,050 fine, and three years’ probation. He’s now an entrepreneur and tenured professor at MIT. 2002: The New York Times hack Adrian Lamo outside federal court in January 2004.Photo: Don Halasy Before turning Chelsea Manning in to Army counterintelligence for leaking classified information to WikiLeaks, Adrian Lamo earned a reputation as the “homeless hacker” and “helpful hacker.” The former was in honor of his nomadic, couch-hopping lifestyle, and the latter for offering to help companies whose systems he’d hacked. Lamo, who never graduated high school, gained notoriety when he hacked WorldCom, then one of the country’s biggest long-distance phone companies, in 2001. But his most notorious hack came in February 2002, when he broke into an internal network at the New York Times. In addition to running up a $300,000 account on their search tool, Lexis Nexis (to search for articles on himself), he gained access to a subnetwork that stored all the addresses, phone numbers, areas of expertise and payment history of their op-ed contributors. Among them were former President Jimmy Carter, Rush Limbaugh and Robert Redford. He added his name to their list and wrote “computer hacking, national security, communications intelligence” under his area of expertise. He tipped off a reporter and fellow hacker, who contacted the Times for confirmation, alerting them to the security breach — exactly as Lamo planned. While companies like WorldCom thanked Lamo for exposing their security flaws, the Times was not as grateful. The FBI issued an arrest warrant for Lamo in September 2003. He turned himself in and pleaded guilty to one count of computer crimes against the Times, Microsoft, WorldCom and Yahoo. He was sentenced to six months’ house arrest, which he spent at his parents’ home, as well as two years’ probation and $65,000 in restitution. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under computers ,  cornell university ,  cyberattacks ,  digital security ,  documentaries ,  fbi ,  hackers ,  hacking ,  history ,  legislation ,  phones ,  technology Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Sprint allows customers to trade in exploding Galaxy Note ... Read Next Sprint allows customers to trade in exploding Galaxy Note ... Most Popular This Week 1 The one scenario that could still get Hillary into the White House 2 Melania Trump's girl-on-girl photos from racy shoot revealed 3 Assassination threats against Trump flood Twitter 4 Trump calls slain cop's widow to offer condolences 5 Man who fatally punched stranger surrenders 6 White House open to a Clinton pardon Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 71,464 Kellyanne Conway tells The Post she feels 'blessed’ over White House gig 49,700 Broken engagement leads to lawsuit over $125K diamond ring 39,888 Insiders say Donald Trump is 'disgusted' by Chris Christie Now On Trump’s visits to Florida will cause a headache for travelers Courtney Love: Hillary is a huge gossip queen Is Bill Cosby’s blindness just an act? SEE ALL Video The Kardashians keep giving their kids egotistical names Now On Alec Baldwin Is A No Show On 'SNL', Backs Down From Trump SEE ALL More Stories pagesix Is Bill Cosby’s blindness just an act? Now On Decider Kate McKinnon's "Hallelujah" Cover On 'SNL' Strikes A Chord nypost Kellyanne Conway tells The Post she feels 'blessed’ over White House gig New York Post Twitter Facebook Instagram Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Twitter Facebook Instagram Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2016 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink Social Media Computers & Laptops Mobiles & Tablets Other Gadgets Reliance Jio offers new iPhone users free service for 12 months Our Bureau   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Mumbai, Oct 7:   Reliance Jio Infocomm, the wireless arm of Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL), will offer iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, along with complimentary services of Jio Digital Services for 12 months. Every customer purchasing a new iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus or iPhone SE at Reliance Digital and select APR & AAR will get 12 months of complimentary Jio Digital Services worth over Rs 18,000. This includes unlimited local, STD and national roaming voice, unlimited text, 20 GB of 4G Data, 40 GB of WiFi Data and Unlimited Night 4G Data, unlimited subscription to premium Jio Applications. “Jio is India’s 4G-only network, providing high-speed internet across India. The true power of iPhones can now be experienced by all Indian iPhone users on the Jio network,” said Mathew Oommen, President of Jio. iPhone customers on the Jio Network will be able to watch more than 300 channels of LiveTV, have buffer-free FaceTime and enjoy high definition voice calling. RJio is also providing discount on new iPhone 7, iPhone 7 plus, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s plus, iPhone 6 or iPhone SE with special Jio tariff plans to corporate customers, the company said in a statement. PTI adds: Airtel offer Reliance Jio’s rival Airtel is also offering 10GB free 4G/3G data per month for one year with any Airtel Infinity post-paid plan. The free data benefit will be over and above the plan benefits, it said. “We are delighted to roll out this exciting data offer for our users to allow them to get the most out of the amazing iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus,” Bharti Airtel Director Operations (India and South Asia) Ajai Puri said. The latest edition of the iPhone has been launched in India today across multiple platforms like Apple resellers, Flipkart, Snapdeal and Tata Cliq. Most of these companies are bundling in offers to woo customers in the world’s second largest telephony market. While Snapdeal has teamed up with American Express to offer the latter’s card members a discount of Rs 10,000 on the purchase of the device. Flipkart also said it has prepared itself to make deliveries to customers from 1900 hrs onwards today. “Delivery executives are fanning out across key cities in India to surprise several lucky customers at the exact time when the clock strikes seven. Flipkart CEO Binny Bansal will be one among the delivery executives who will be delivering the iPhone 7 today starting at 7 PM in Bangalore,” it said in a statement. Tata CliQ is offering its customers Rs 10,000 deferred cashback with HDFC credit and debit cards (issued in India). The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB storage variants in silver, gold and rose gold colours. The new jet black colour variant will come only in 128GB and 256GB variants. While the 32GB phone will be available for Rs 60,000, the pricing of the other models has not been disclosed. iPhone 7 features a 4.7-inch display with 3D touch, while iPhone 7 Plus has a 5.5—inch Retina HD display with 3D touch. Both the smartphones are powered by a new quad—core Apple A10 Fusion processor, which it claims is 40 percent faster than the previous generation. The iOS 10-powered iPhone 7 sports a 12MP iSight camera and 4K video recording. The iPhone 7 Plus has dual 12MP rear cameras — one wide-angle and a telephoto lens. The handsets come with IP67 rating, signifying the fact that it is water and dust resistant, a first for the Apple smartphone. The Cupertino-based company is betting big on the Indian market. In July, Apple CEO Tim Cook had said that India is one of its fastest growing markets. (This article was published on October 7, 2016) Related TOPICS computing and information technology | telecommunication service | Companies  »  Reliance Industries Limited Quotes Snapshot Company Background Board of Directors Balance Sheet Profit & Loss Quarterly Results Financial Ratios Share Holding Pattern Score Board MF Holdings News Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Tata-Mistry spat unlikely to hit TCS operations: Analysts London woos Indian start-ups ICJ rejects India’s plea for change arbitrator in Vodafone case Singapore-based fintech start-up Active.ai raises $ 3mn funding Flipkart to offer financial benefits to retain high-performing sellers; starts tiering system Downsizing: eBay slashes workforce in Bengaluru development centre IT companies worried over implications of Trump win Sasken re-invents itself, targets $250-m in revenue by 2021 LATEST NEWS Rs 500, Rs 1,000 notes valid for key utility payments till Nov 24 Indent, supply of Rs 100 notes didn't match even earlier, say bank unions Govt to install micro cash machines to ease currency crunch 4 min. ago Kia Motors close to finalising India plans; could announce foray within months 27 min. ago Singapore-based fintech start-up Active.ai raises $ 3mn funding 1 hr. 1 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in Mobiles & Tablets Samsung Galaxy J5 phone explodes in France Mobile analyst says this is most likely an isolated one, noting that the phone has been on the market for several months now. » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2016, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
null
Mon, Nov 14, 2016 | Updated 12.22 PM IST HI, Follow Us: MY PROFILE NEWSLETTER LOGOUT SIGN INFollow Us: Gadgets Now Gadgets Now TOI Home News Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets 'China pains' for Micromax as revenue dips for the first time Rs 500 & Rs 1000 ban: 'Good news' for phone buyers E-grocers see big jump in business post ban on Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes Researchers develop new technology that uses body heat to charge gadgets Reliance Jio skips COAI meet as tussle continue Hijab, breastfeeding and yoga emojis coming soon Meet Donald Trump's 'lone celebrity fan' in Silicon Valley Demonetisation: Acer offers credit facility to customers Cheat software: US regulator opens investigation against Audi Bangladesh recovers a fifth of $81 million stolen in cyber heist FOLLOW US shop FOLLOW US Gadgets Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Reviews FOLLOW US compare Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Slideshows FOLLOW US Videos FOLLOW US Brands Apple Samsung Google Sony HTC Karbonn LG Micromax Microsoft OnePlus Oppo Spice Xiaomi Acer HP InFocus Lenovo Dell FOLLOW US Checklist How To FOLLOW US Featured FOLLOW US infocus Specials ALL ShopGadgets Gadgets Now » News » Tech News Reliance Jio announces 'welcome offer' for Apple iPhone 7, 7 Plus usersSpandan Bhattacharjee After Airtel, now Reliance Jio has jumped into the Apple iPhone bandwagon as well. The telecom operator has announced that Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus users will get Jio services for free (for a year). | Gadgets Now | Updated: Oct 7, 2016, 09.45 PM IST Enterprise customers would also receive an additional 25% discount on the device along with attractive tariff plans. Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus buyers, country's newest telco Reliance Jio has good news for you. The telecom operator has announced a special offer for users of Apple's latest iPhones. As per the company, any user purchasing the smartphones from Reliance's retail stores or an Apple store will get the 'Jio Welcome Offer' completely free till December 31, 2016. What is interesting to note is the timing of the offer, which coincides with the India launch of the Apple's new phones. Apple had earlier stated that it would launch the much-awaited smartphones in India on October 7 at 7 PM. Reliance Jio Dongle 2 now available at stores in India ​Ironically, the company is yet to officially reveal any detail about Jio Dongle 2. However, since this YouTube user claims to have got the device from a Reliance Digital Store, it can be assumed that there will be an official announcement following soon. Adding more, the company said that starting January 1, 2017, those who avail the offer now would get Reliance Jio's Rs 1,499 plan, worth Rs 18,000 in value, completely free for one year. The Rs 1,499 plan includes unlimited voice (local, STD, national roaming), 4G data up to 20 GB, unlimited 4G night data, Wi-Fi data up to 40 GB, unlimited messaging, and unlimited Jio apps subscription. Trouble between Airtel, Reliance Jio continues The troubles between Reliance Jio and Airtel continue. Airtel on Tuesday said that the company had provided adequate number of interconnect points to Jio, but the new entrant has been slow to respond. Jio, however, countered. The offer is not restricted to iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus only. Also included under its ambit are other handsets from Apple, such as iPhone SE, 6, 6Plus, 6S, and 6S Plus. Hence, a user availing the offer will get a total of 15 months worth of service free in total. Enterprise customers would also receive an additional 25% discount on the device along with attractive tariff plans. RELATED From around the web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia Comments Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message GADGETS NOW SHOP Latest News 'China pains' for Micromax as revenue dips for the first time Rs 500 & Rs 1000 ban: 'Good news' for phone buyers E-grocers see big jump in business post ban on Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes Researchers develop new technology that uses body heat to charge gadgets Reliance Jio skips COAI meet as tussle continue From around the Web More From GadgetsNow Recommended By Colombia Most Popular Airtel to offer 10GB data for Rs 259 across India Apple CEO Tim Cook's letter to employees on Donald Trump's win WhatsApp starts rolling out video-calling feature Flipkart CEO’s response to Amazon’s No.1 claim These are the 'feared' security features of the Rs 2000 note Trai recommends Rs 3,050 crore penalty on Airtel, Vodafone, Idea for not providing interconnect to Reliance Jio Apple sends out invites for October 27 event 'hello again', hints at new MacBooks and more WhatsApp launches video-calling feature for Android users Round 3 of Flipkart, Amazon ‘big sale’ announced IITs: Pre-placement salaries hit record high Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus launch in India, huge queues seen outside stores Despite fall in exports, Taiwan upbeat on high iPhone 7 demand Tata Teleservices to pay Rs 4,619 crore for spectrum in various circles New Trupik app offers virtual trial room for customers BMW, Toyota, Allianz form pact with startup Nauto to understand driver behaviour Visiting the hospital? Get ready to say hello to a robot-nurse Reliance Jio, Airtel best placed in terms of airwaves holding: Experts Endurance initial IPO oversubscribed, receives bid for over 2.45 crore shares Airtel announces new data plan for iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus users 1Reliance Jio announces 'welcome offer' for Apple iPhone 7, 7 Plus users 2Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus launch in India, huge queues seen outside stores 3Despite fall in exports, Taiwan upbeat on high iPhone 7 demand 4Tata Teleservices to pay Rs 4,619 crore for spectrum in various circles 5New Trupik app offers virtual trial room for customers 6BMW, Toyota, Allianz form pact with startup Nauto to understand driver behaviour 7Visiting the hospital? Get ready to say hello to a robot-nurse 8Reliance Jio, Airtel best placed in terms of airwaves holding: Experts 9Endurance initial IPO oversubscribed, receives bid for over 2.45 crore shares 10Airtel announces new data plan for iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus users GADGETS NOW About Us Privacy policy RSS Return Policy Newsletter Sitemap Feedback Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Popular Mobiles Google Pixel XL 32 GB Moto Z 64GB Moto Z Play 32GB Honor 8 Samsung Galaxy A9 Pro Lenovo K4 Note Lenovo K3 Note Oppo F1 Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Mi 5S Lenovo Vibe K5 Lenovo Zuk Z1 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 Lenovo K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J2 OnePlus 3 Samsung Galaxy On7 OnePlus X Samsung Z3 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5 HTC Desire 826 Oppo R7 Upcoming Mobiles Lava A51 Lava A76 Plus Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL Hyve Pryme Wileyfox Swift 2 Wileyfox Swift 2 Plus Moto M Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 16GB Xiaomi Redmi 4 ZTE CYMBAL-T Meizu Pro 6S Samsung W2017 Huawei Mate 9 Porsche Design Lenovo P2 32 GB Alcatel Flash Plus 2 16GB Alcatel Flash Plus 2 32GB Alcatel Idol 4S Windows Meizu M5 16 GB Meizu M5 32GB Latest Mobiles Google Nexus 9 Coolpad Note 3 Redmi Note 3 Lenovo K4 Note Moto G4 Plus OnePlus X OnePlus 2 Lenovo Vibe S1 iPhone 6 Google Nexus 5 Mobile Phones Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Microsoft Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Google Mobiles Copyright © 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Monday, November 14, 2016 2:40 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 29°C, Light Rain MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Apple wins appeal over US$119.6m Samsung verdict Saturday October 8, 2016 12:07 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Lowering blood pressure doesn’t curb cognitive decline The Edit: Jessica Alba’s secret to staying healthy on trips Malaysia’s criminal justice weakness lets child abuse go unpunished ProjekMMO: Empat sebab tonton ‘Hanyut’, kata U-Wei Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Apple claimed that Samsung infringed patents for the slide-to-unlock feature, autocorrect and a way to detect phone numbers so they can be tapped to make phone calls. — Reuters picWASHINGTON, Oct 7 — Apple Inc won an appeals court ruling that reinstates a patent-infringement verdict it won against Samsung Electronics Co, including for its slide-to-unlock feature for smartphones and tablets. In an 8-3 ruling, the US Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit said a three-judge panel was wrong to throw out the US$119.6 million (RM496.1 million) verdict in February. Instead, it ordered the trial judge to consider whether the judgment should be increased based on any intentional infringement by Samsung. The decision today comes less than a week before the US Supreme Court considers another case Apple had filed against Samsung. That case, to be argued Tuesday in Washington, focuses on how much Samsung should pay for copying patented designs for Apple’s iPhone. Together, the two cases are the remnants of a global legal battle between the world’s biggest makers of smartphones that began in April 2011 and at one point spanned four continents. In this case, Apple claimed that Samsung infringed patents for the slide-to-unlock feature, autocorrect and a way to detect phone numbers so they can be tapped to make phone calls. The bulk of the award, US$98.7 million, was for the detection patent that the earlier panel said wasn’t infringed. The February decision also said the other two patents were invalid. That was a wrong decision, the court ruled today, because it relied on issues that were never raised on appeal or on information that was beyond the trial record. “The jury verdict on each issue is supported by substantial evidence in the record,” Circuit Judge Kimberly Moore wrote for the majority. In a dissent, Circuit Judge Timothy Dyk objected to the full court opting to take on the case without allowing additional legal arguments to be made, saying the majority opinion results in “profound changes” in the analysis of whether patents cover obvious variations of earlier ideas. The Federal Circuit handles all patent appeals in the US, so its decisions have broad ramifications for how cases are handled in the courts and before the US Patent and Trademark Office. The case is Apple Inc v. Samsung Electronics Co, 15-1171, US Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit (Washington). — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week One less haven for investors as Trump damages Denmark’s appeal Dollar advances on Trump bets as Japanese shares buoyed by GDP Ringgit opens lower against US dollar Duterte outbursts start scaring US companies, industry says Global stocks fall with emerging markets as traders weigh US election Oil slumps as prospect of Trump victory roils global markets Popularity becomes curse for Malaysia, Indonesia currencies US stocks decline after rally as election takes centre stage Malaysia growth push stymied by banks cautious on loans BNM: Ringgit fell against most world currencies in third quarter Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Two killed as powerful earthquake hits New Zealand Reuters Video: Supermoon rises in Spain Reuters Video: F1 fans watch as Hamilton wins for first time in Brazil Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Reuters Video: Duchess meets movie-star cat, animals go wild Reuters Video: Philippines’ Duterte says ‘Long live Trump’ Related Articles Apple’s patent dispute loss in China may embolden tech rivals Apple ordered to pay US$532.9m to settle patent infringement lawsuit Patents reveal Apple may be planning GoPro-like camera Apple to pay US$23.6m for using pager technology without permission Apple seeks to defeat Wi-Lan’s patent claims ahead of trial Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Blenders Coffee Machines Cookers Dishwashers Fans Freezers More Fridge Freezers Fridges Garden Tools Irons Kettles Kitchen Gadgets Microwaves Mixers Ovens Personal Care Smart Home Steam Cleaners Toasters Tumble Dryers Vacuum Cleaners Washer Dryers Washing Machines Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Smart Home News / Honeywell launches HomeKit-enabled Lyric thermostats in the UK Honeywell launches HomeKit-enabled Lyric thermostats in the UK by David Ludlow 07 October 2016 0 shares Read Comments HomeKit support finally coming to the UK thanks to overdue launch Honeywell may have had an Apple HomeKit thermostat in available in the US (the Lyric Round), but support in the UK has been rather lacking. Now, with the launch of the Lyric T6 in the UK, Honeywell finally has a HomeKit product for us to play with. The Lyric T6 joins the company's growing range of smart thermostats. It's a product that's designed to replace your existing thermostat, giving you control for your entire house; if you want to control your heating room-by-room, you'll need the more powerful (and more expensive) Evohome. HomeKit support is the most exciting part of the T6, letting you control the thermostat simply by speaking to Siri. If you've got an Apple TV, you can even use voice commands when you're away from home, with the media player acting as a bridge. In the demo that I saw, HomeKit instantly converted the command to turn up the heating to the thermostat. With the launch of iOS 10 and Apple's Home app, the Lyric T6 can integrate into your scenes, too. For example, you can have lights turning on and the heating turning up when you arrive home. Related: Apple will save the smart home dream from itself Honeywell has confirmed to me that both IFTTT and Amazon Echo (Alexa) support are due to be launched in the coming weeks, matching the control provided by Evohome. Control is also available via Honeywell's dedicated Lyric app. It's got a simple interface, with a dial control letting you quickly set a temperature. I think it's neater than the newer Evohome app, which makes adjusting the temperature a bit of a faff. Honeywell has baked some clever options into the app, too. I like the holiday mode, which will turn your heating off on a specified date, and then back on on another date. Geofencing is also built in, with the Lyric T6 able to keep track of all family members via their phones, so the heating will only turn off when the last person leaves home. Neatly, you can manually set the geofence radius so that the Lyric T6 only turns on and off when you want it to. Heating control can also be done directly from the touch-screen thermostat, too. Honeywell has said that it designed the unit to be 'classic and timeless'. It means that the thermostat is, perhaps, a little plain by today's standards, but it's less likely to age and look out of place as with some smart models. In either case, the Lyric T6 is unobtrusive and will sit neatly in any home. Honeywell is selling two versions of the Lyric. First, is the regular T6, which connects via wires to the boiler receiver box. This option is best for people that already have a wired thermostat in place. The other option is the T6R, which is independently powered and communicates wirelessly with the boiler receiver box. Neither version supports stored hot water systems, and they're for central heating only. The T6 costs £179 and the T6R costs £200, and you'll need to pay for installation separately. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News Flipkart cashes in on strong iPhone 7 launch, Binny delivers first device Bansal rode pillion on motorbike with his delivery colleague to reach Gaurav, the first person to get the iPhone 7 At 7, iPhone 7, the latest smartphone of Apple went on sale in India. In Bengaluru, Binny Bansal, co-founder and chief executive officer of Flipkart delivered the first iPhone 7 within 30 minutes of the official launch of the smartphone to a customer in its neighbourhood. Bansal, wearing the official blue jersey of Ekart, Flipkart’s delivery arm rode pillion on motorbike with his delivery colleague  to reach the home of Gaurav at HSR layout, who became the first person to get the iPhone 7.  For both Bansals -- Sachin in his hometown Chandigarh and Binny in Bengaluru -- it has been a day of delivering products and meeting those customers who bought them on the platform. First happy customer - Gaurav from HSR. 30 mins after launch at his home. He is super delighted pic.twitter.com/IALzSQYZfu — binnybansal (@binnybansal) October 7, 2016 Flipkart had claimed over 100,000 consumers shopped for products exceeding Rs 50,000 in the five day Big Billion Days that concluded on Friday. Some of these high value shoppers would have ordered the iPhone 7, which cost upwards of Rs 60,000 and Binny’s move is to acknowledge them. But it is not just that shoppers bought iPhone 7 online. Hoards of people thronged around the Apple Store at Bengaluru’s upmarket UB City mall on this Friday evening in anticipation of the launch of the latest iPhone 7. They were all waiting impatiently to be the first to get their hands on the new device, a trend Apple has very successfully executed across the globe. These millennials, who had lined up at the store on a Friday night, were clearly sacrificing being out with friends at one of the many pubs around the UB City area. Second delivery. A gift from Preeti to her hubby Saurabh. They exchanged their old iPhone 6 and got 18k discount !! #makingthe7affordable pic.twitter.com/hUR55G9gPE — binnybansal (@binnybansal) October 7, 2016 The launch is in stark contrast to last year when doors to buy the iPhone 6s opened at midnight. In the morning, store owners at popular locations reported single and double digit iPhone sales, giving a clear sign of how things were going to be. While Apple reported strong growth of iPhone sales in India over the past year, analysts say half of the company’s sales came from older (cheaper) models. Apple, which is pitching India as the next big market, brought the phones to the country in three weeks, unlike in the past when it would take months. Google has also has brought in Flipkart as an exclusive online partner for its Pixel smartphone in India. Pitted against the iPhone, in terms of price and features, is looking to subdue sales of Apple’s flagship device in the country by opening up pre-orders on October 13. Alnoor Peermohamed Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 JSW Steel wins five iron ore mines in Karnataka Business Standard Flipkart cashes in on strong iPhone 7 launch, Binny delivers first device Bansal rode pillion on motorbike with his delivery colleague to reach Gaurav, the first person to get the iPhone 7 Alnoor Peermohamed  |  Bengaluru  October 7, 2016 Last Updated at 21:01 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TINEjb Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. Bansal, wearing the official blue jersey of Ekart, handing over the iPhone 7 to Gaurav, the first person to get the smartphone ALSO READ Google Pixel may dent iPhone 7 hype Punit Soni's exit marks the end of Flipkart's app-only dreams It's a down-cycle, sector will bounce back: Flipkart's Bansal Grabbing market share requires innovation, not more capital: Binny Bansal Apple slashes iPhone 6s, 6s Plus prices by Rs 22,000 At 7, iPhone 7, the latest smartphone of Apple went on sale in India. In Bengaluru, Binny Bansal, co-founder and chief executive officer of Flipkart delivered the first iPhone 7 within 30 minutes of the official launch of the smartphone to a customer in its neighbourhood. Bansal, wearing the official blue jersey of Ekart, Flipkart’s delivery arm rode pillion on motorbike with his delivery colleague  to reach the home of Gaurav at HSR layout, who became the first person to get the iPhone 7.  For both Bansals -- Sachin in his hometown Chandigarh and Binny in Bengaluru -- it has been a day of delivering products and meeting those customers who bought them on the platform. First happy customer - Gaurav from HSR. 30 mins after launch at his home. He is super delighted pic.twitter.com/IALzSQYZfu — binnybansal (@binnybansal) October 7, 2016 Flipkart had claimed over 100,000 consumers shopped for products exceeding Rs 50,000 in the five day Big Billion Days that concluded on Friday. Some of these high value shoppers would have ordered the iPhone 7, which cost upwards of Rs 60,000 and Binny’s move is to acknowledge them. But it is not just that shoppers bought iPhone 7 online. Hoards of people thronged around the Apple Store at Bengaluru’s upmarket UB City mall on this Friday evening in anticipation of the launch of the latest iPhone 7. They were all waiting impatiently to be the first to get their hands on the new device, a trend Apple has very successfully executed across the globe. These millennials, who had lined up at the store on a Friday night, were clearly sacrificing being out with friends at one of the many pubs around the UB City area. Second delivery. A gift from Preeti to her hubby Saurabh. They exchanged their old iPhone 6 and got 18k discount !! #makingthe7affordable pic.twitter.com/hUR55G9gPE — binnybansal (@binnybansal) October 7, 2016 The launch is in stark contrast to last year when doors to buy the iPhone 6s opened at midnight. In the morning, store owners at popular locations reported single and double digit iPhone sales, giving a clear sign of how things were going to be. While Apple reported strong growth of iPhone sales in India over the past year, analysts say half of the company’s sales came from older (cheaper) models. Apple, which is pitching India as the next big market, brought the phones to the country in three weeks, unlike in the past when it would take months. Google has also has brought in Flipkart as an exclusive online partner for its Pixel smartphone in India. Pitted against the iPhone, in terms of price and features, is looking to subdue sales of Apple’s flagship device in the country by opening up pre-orders on October 13. Read More On Iphone 7 | Binny Bansal | Apple Inc | Flipkart | Ekart | Ub City | Google | Companies | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Get advantage of both worlds with mutual funds MIT Sloan Executive Program in General Management Invest in mutual funds through SIP for your financial health Should You Rely Only on Your Corporate Health Insurance? Super Saver Health Insurance for Whole Family Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? 5 Investors, 50 Entrepreneurs, Instant funding Home loans: Think beyond interest rates Everyone carves their own path to digital leadership Choose a mutual fund that strives for growth! MIT Sloan EPGM: Get Alumni benefits, Apply Now PPFAS MF: Managing money using Value Investing principles! Flipkart cashes in on strong iPhone 7 launch, Binny delivers first device Bansal rode pillion on motorbike with his delivery colleague to reach Gaurav, the first person to get the iPhone 7 Bansal rode pillion on motorbike with his delivery colleague to reach Gaurav, the first person to get the iPhone 7 At 7, iPhone 7, the latest smartphone of Apple went on sale in India. In Bengaluru, Binny Bansal, co-founder and chief executive officer of Flipkart delivered the first iPhone 7 within 30 minutes of the official launch of the smartphone to a customer in its neighbourhood. Bansal, wearing the official blue jersey of Ekart, Flipkart’s delivery arm rode pillion on motorbike with his delivery colleague  to reach the home of Gaurav at HSR layout, who became the first person to get the iPhone 7.  For both Bansals -- Sachin in his hometown Chandigarh and Binny in Bengaluru -- it has been a day of delivering products and meeting those customers who bought them on the platform. First happy customer - Gaurav from HSR. 30 mins after launch at his home. He is super delighted pic.twitter.com/IALzSQYZfu — binnybansal (@binnybansal) October 7, 2016 Flipkart had claimed over 100,000 consumers shopped for products exceeding Rs 50,000 in the five day Big Billion Days that concluded on Friday. Some of these high value shoppers would have ordered the iPhone 7, which cost upwards of Rs 60,000 and Binny’s move is to acknowledge them. But it is not just that shoppers bought iPhone 7 online. Hoards of people thronged around the Apple Store at Bengaluru’s upmarket UB City mall on this Friday evening in anticipation of the launch of the latest iPhone 7. They were all waiting impatiently to be the first to get their hands on the new device, a trend Apple has very successfully executed across the globe. These millennials, who had lined up at the store on a Friday night, were clearly sacrificing being out with friends at one of the many pubs around the UB City area. Second delivery. A gift from Preeti to her hubby Saurabh. They exchanged their old iPhone 6 and got 18k discount !! #makingthe7affordable pic.twitter.com/hUR55G9gPE — binnybansal (@binnybansal) October 7, 2016 The launch is in stark contrast to last year when doors to buy the iPhone 6s opened at midnight. In the morning, store owners at popular locations reported single and double digit iPhone sales, giving a clear sign of how things were going to be. While Apple reported strong growth of iPhone sales in India over the past year, analysts say half of the company’s sales came from older (cheaper) models. Apple, which is pitching India as the next big market, brought the phones to the country in three weeks, unlike in the past when it would take months. Google has also has brought in Flipkart as an exclusive online partner for its Pixel smartphone in India. Pitted against the iPhone, in terms of price and features, is looking to subdue sales of Apple’s flagship device in the country by opening up pre-orders on October 13. Alnoor Peermohamed Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Meet Mark Let me introduce myself. My name is Mark Sisson. I’m 63 years young. I live and work in Malibu, California. In a past life I was a professional marathoner and triathlete. Now my life goal is to help 100 million people get healthy. I started this blog in 2006 to empower people to take full responsibility for their own health and enjoyment of life by investigating, discussing, and critically rethinking everything we’ve assumed to be true about health and wellness... Tell Me More new here? Meet Mark new here? Meet Mark Home About Contact Forum Podcast Press Store Search Blog Diet & Nutrition Get the book Buy Now Popular posts Why Grains Are Unhealthy How to Succeed with the Primal Blueprint Grok Didn’t Take Supplements So Why Should I? The Definitive Guide to the Primal Eating PlanAll Diet & Nutrition Popular topics Alcohol Carbs Dairy Fats Fermented Foods Grains Gut Health Protein Resistant Starch Sugar Supplements Fitness Free eBook Download Now Popular Posts How to Personalize Primal Blueprint Fitness 5 Ways to Get the Most Bang for Your Workout Buck Are Bodyweight Exercises Alone Enough? How to Gain Weight and Build Muscle A Case Against Cardio (from a Former Mileage King)All Fitness How to Lift Heavy Things Low Level Aerobic Activity Planks Pullup/Chinup Pushup Sprint Squat Recipes Stock Up Your Primal Kitchen Shop Now Popular Recipes All Recipes Categories Meal Type Appetizers Breakfast Lunch/Dinner Salads Sauces/Dressings Sides Snacks Soups Treats Ingredients Beef Eggs Lamb Pork Poultry Seafood Vegetables Success Stories Begin Your Transformation Shop Now Featured Story Read now Categories Story Topics Autoimmune Disease Career Development Depression & Mental Health Diabetes Digestion Fertility & Pregnancy GERD & Heartburn Heart Disease Muscle Building Skin Conditions Thyroid Disorders Weight Loss Sex Female Male Age 12-17 18-24 25-34 35-44 45-54 55-64 65+ Weight Loss Eat Fat. Lose Fat. Shop Now Popular Posts 7 Common Calorie Myths We Should All Stop Believing The Primal Blueprint 8 Key Concepts Why Fast? Part One – Weight Loss 17 Reasons You’re Not Losing Weight The Primal Blueprint Carbohydrate CurveAll Weight lost Popular Topics 80/20 Principle Cravings Excuses Fasting Low Carb Diet Motivation Weight Loss Plateau Blog Diet & Nutrition Get the book Buy Now Popular posts Why Grains Are Unhealthy How to Succeed with the Primal Blueprint Grok Didn’t Take Supplements So Why Should I? The Definitive Guide to the Primal Eating PlanAll Diet & Nutrition Popular topics Alcohol Carbs Dairy Fats Fermented Foods Grains Gut Health Protein Resistant Starch Sugar Supplements Fitness Free eBook Download Now Popular Posts How to Personalize Primal Blueprint Fitness 5 Ways to Get the Most Bang for Your Workout Buck Are Bodyweight Exercises Alone Enough? How to Gain Weight and Build Muscle A Case Against Cardio (from a Former Mileage King)All Fitness How to Lift Heavy Things Low Level Aerobic Activity Planks Pullup/Chinup Pushup Sprint Squat Recipes Stock Up Your Primal Kitchen Shop Now Popular Recipes All Recipes Categories Meal Type Appetizers Breakfast Lunch/Dinner Salads Sauces/Dressings Sides Snacks Soups Treats Ingredients Beef Eggs Lamb Pork Poultry Seafood Vegetables Success Stories Begin Your Transformation Shop Now Featured Story Read now Categories Story Topics Autoimmune Disease Career Development Depression & Mental Health Diabetes Digestion Fertility & Pregnancy GERD & Heartburn Heart Disease Muscle Building Skin Conditions Thyroid Disorders Weight Loss Sex Female Male Age 12-17 18-24 25-34 35-44 45-54 55-64 65+ Weight Loss Eat Fat. Lose Fat. Shop Now Popular Posts 7 Common Calorie Myths We Should All Stop Believing The Primal Blueprint 8 Key Concepts Why Fast? Part One – Weight Loss 17 Reasons You’re Not Losing Weight The Primal Blueprint Carbohydrate CurveAll Weight lost Popular Topics 80/20 Principle Cravings Excuses Fasting Low Carb Diet Motivation Weight Loss Plateau SUBSCRIBE Home About Contact Forum Podcast Press Store Stay Connected Search × Home » Success Stories October 07, 2016 How Primal Gave Me Freedom from Depression, Pain, and Discomfort By Guest 27 Comments   Print It’s Friday, everyone! And that means another Primal Blueprint Real Life Story from a Mark’s Daily Apple reader. If you have your own success story and would like to share it with me and the Mark’s Daily Apple community please contact me here. In fact, I have a contest going right now. So if you have a story to share, no matter how big or how small, you’ll be in the running to win a big prize. Read more here. You know that Texas Style Toast?! It’s thick, white, and usually comes with mouthwatering butter spread across it?! Or even better, the French Toast version of Texas Style Toast? If you do you know it, you know it tastes amazing. *Mouth begins to water* Bet you never thought you would read the words TOAST on MDA. That’s okay, I would have never expected it either, but this is where my story semi-begins. I honestly never felt good growing up. I always had a stomachache and without fail was continually bloated. I have pictures around the age of 9 where you can tell I have something wrapped around my stomach. I laugh now but my nine-year-old self would self-prescribe and wrap those hot pads you buy from the drugstore to relieve the pain. Even then I sensed something wasn’t right. My anxieties throughout my childhood were crippling. I struggled to be happy yet I had every reason to be happy. I had amazing parents, a great life, but my little kid brain didn’t see it that way. It was like I couldn’t help but feel scared all the time. I hated it. I was involved in the sport of gymnastics for about 12 years. And even though it was great, and taught me more than anything ever has, I would write in my journal how I wished I could be less scared and criticize myself less for being too tired during practice. I wanted to feel like all the other kids. But again I was too young to pinpoint what was wrong. I just didn’t know and lacked the knowledge to look toward what I was eating. In high school, I tried doing cross-country. I loved running and the way I felt afterward. Suffering from anxieties and depression, the running ‘high’ would give me a little relief and I was grateful for it, but then I would proceed to sleep for hours after that. Looks started to become super important to me. It was nothing abnormal for a high-school girl, but I started noticing how no matter how hard I ran, I still gained weight. This didn’t help with my confidence and depression. Again, the red flags were popping up and I was noticing. I remember I was traveling with friends for a high school event and we ate at Texas Roadhouse. By this time I was eating “healthy,” or what I thought was healthy. I was eating a lot of fruit, dairy, and processed carbs. But this specific time I decided to have the glorious smelling Texas Toast, and almost immediately, I felt super sick. My stomach hurt, I felt like I was going to puke. My friend exclaimed, “Kristina, how come you always feel sick?!” Ding! Oh and here’s another interesting point, maybe a little TMI, but I still hadn’t gotten my period yet. RED FLAG. Now that I think back, maybe it was all the stress I was putting myself under (obviously I hadn’t discovered ADRENAL FATIGUE lol). But either way, I wanted to feel as confident as I knew I was capable of being. Gymnastics had already given me the reality to know I could be strong. Fast forward. I went off to college for my freshman year. I thought I was eating well. Lots of fruit and dairy from the dining hall, and had done enough self-reflection to know that bread was not sitting well with me. I went gluten-free but not completely and considered gluten-free processed food good for me. I wanted more and more to feel good. By the time summer break came along I had hit my breaking point. I wasn’t doing as well as I would have liked at school. I would keep to myself in my dorm room because of my social anxieties and would binge on all that gluten-free processed food and sugar. (Side note; I had been to doctors throughout high school who put me on Synthroid and told me to workout more. I was the typical story you hear on StopTheThyroidMadness.com. I love this website, by the way.) My mom, that summer, brought me to a functional doctor who turned my whole life around from the first appointment. I broke down crying in front of my doctor. I wanted change. She put me on a non-processed foods diet. Higher protein, low-carb and no sugar. I didn’t question her, I was desperate. I’m not joking when I say that I felt like a whole new person within five days. I honestly did not realize how fast I was improving. People asked me if it was hard and I replied with, “You know what, it really wasn’t because nothing was as hard as how badly I had been feeling.” And I think that was the key and what kept me so consistent with never going back to my old habits. Hard was not being able to be fun around my friends. Hard was feeling sick and tired all the time. Hard was being unable to believe in myself. Hard was not feeling like I couldn’t physically doing things people my age were. Within two weeks my acne cleared up, my period came, my bloating went away, no stomach aches, and the depression lifted. I had morphed into the person I knew I had always been. The person I had always wanted to feel like. It sounds too good be true, but oh my gosh I couldn’t be more honest here. The shift was so evident I knew I never wanted to EVER go back. I loved myself enough to know that this was worth the effort. That week I started researching a real food diet and stumbled upon Mark’s Daily Apple. Never before this point had I realized the impact food had on me and could have on others. It’s been almost six years since that point. I still struggle but nothing like before. The knowledge saved my life. And continues to do so. My mom has been a huge lifeline for me and always believed in me from day one. I still struggle with bouts of flares from Hashimoto’s, but nothing like they could be. I have the knowledge now to know better and help me through. Plus podcasts have been such a helpful way for me to discover more. MDA podcasts are GREAT! A lot of the success stories involve pictures of weight loss and mine included weight loss too. When I was first going through this, I thought weight loss was the best part. Weight loss was the success I needed to see at that point to continue. But that was not the best product in the end. I can get up in front of a large group of people and talk. I can hang out with my family and friends and smile. I cook a lot now and rarely feel sick. I have been coaching gymnastics and the gymnastics and CrossFit correlation has been so fun getting to learn! I love everything that this lifestyle has given to me and continues to do so. P.S. A bit of advice from my 9-year-old self: If you are a parent please look into the food your family is eating. It has the ability to change your whole world around in the most positive way! 🙂 Seek the knowledge. Kristina Save   Print Post navigation twentysixteen < Previous post 6 Reasons Why Mistakes Are Important for Success twentysixteen Next post > Primal Chocolate Cake Subscribe to the Newsletter Related Posts Five Years Paleo—and NEVER Looking Back! How I Lost over 100 Pounds—and Gained Strength, Stamina an... How Going Primal Helped Me Lose 30 Pounds, Eliminate Pain, a... Paleo Thyroid Solution Success Story: Morgan Buehler If you'd like to add an avatar to all of your comments click here! Leave a Reply 27 Comments on "How Primal Gave Me Freedom from Depression, Pain, and Discomfort" Notify of new replies to this comment Notify of new replies to this comment Sort by:   newest | oldest | most voted Nocona 1 month 6 days ago Kristina, thanks for sharing your story. Yes, if we can only get parents to feed their children real food. A big if! There are 50,000 items in a typical grocery store and I’m guessing there are less than 200 items that are real food. A real minefield out there for the average shopper. 3  |     Reply   -   Share         Hide Replies ∧ Kristina 1 month 2 days ago Hi Nocona this is Kristina! Thank you so much for your comment. I agree with the comparison of real foods vs. packaged foods and I guess a positive would be to say that it really narrows down the shopping experience for those wanting to eat paleo 🙂 1  |     Reply   -   Share         Hide Replies ∧ Time Traveler 1 month 6 days ago Kristina, I really like your success story. For one, you weren’t someone who eat junk food all the lives and then found MDA (no one can blame you for not knowing that gluten free “food” is just as bad as processed one), but due to your tenacity and ability to look beyond just weight and focus on your well being for and foremost. Having your mother for support is a big plus. 3  |     Reply   -   Share         Hide Replies ∧ Kristina 1 month 2 days ago Time Traveler, thank you for your comment! Focusing on my well being as been by far the most critical part of my success. My mom is am amazing women, I will never be able to thank her enough. 0  |     Reply   -   Share         Hide Replies ∧ jenny c 1 month 6 days ago wow, this is a great story–thanks for sharing! this is a great reminder that primal eating IS good for families. we are primal, but sometimes it’s hard to know how to navigate situations, like this morning when my 10 and 7 1/2 year old kids were pestering me repeatedly to bring them to starbucks, where they wanted to use their own money to buy treats. primal is worth the struggles because we have better lives from not being sick from food! 4  |     Reply   -   Share         Hide Replies ∧ Kristina 1 month 2 days ago Hi Jenny! Thank you for reading and leaving a comment! I coach girls all the time in gymnastics and I can tell from experience that sometimes when they are not feeling good or lacking energy its from the foods they are eating. I just want to spread the education on just how much good foods can benefit one’s life. A child’s nutrition is just as important. And btw I can’t blame your kids, I love starbucks coffee 😉 Have a great week! 0  |     Reply   -   Share         Hide Replies ∧ Michael 1 month 6 days ago Awesome story, thanks for sharing! 1  |     Reply   -   Share         Hide Replies ∧ Kristina 1 month 2 days ago Thanks Michael! Hope you have a strong week! 0  |     Reply   -   Share         Hide Replies ∧ Laura Routh 1 month 6 days ago Kristina, thank you for such an inspiring story! I spent so much of my life being tired all the time with stomach aches, too – as far back as childhood. Your story was a familiar one. Giving up grains, except for some resistant starch experiments, has made such a big difference.Unfortunately, cheese is off my menu, also. It’s wonderful you found the Primal lifestyle at a younger age, even though it’s never too late. I wish you the best! 1  |     Reply   -   Share         Hide Replies ∧ Kristina 1 month 2 days ago Thanks so much Laura! I’m happy that you too were able to find happieness and relief through primal eating. It’s amazing isn’t it, the power of food? Hope you have a strong week! 0  |     Reply   -   Share         Hide Replies ∧ Kyle 1 month 6 days ago Awesome story Kristina! Thanks for sharing! 0  |     Reply   -   Share         Hide Replies ∧ Kristina 1 month 2 days ago Thank you for your reply Kyle! Hope you have a strong and healthy week! 0  |     Reply   -   Share         Hide Replies ∧ Elizabeth Resnick 1 month 6 days ago Love your story Kristina, and I can totally relate. I had horrible acne, some anxiety and digestive issues, despite eating in what I thought was a healthy way. The digestive stuff had been going on my whole life. I just thought frequent stomach aches were normal. It took me much longer than you to finally figure it out! But it is all worth it when you see how good you can feel. Really happy for you, and love the advice you give about feeding kids. It’s amazing what a difference eating real food can make. So happy to hear how… Read more » -1  |     Reply   -   Share         Hide Replies ∧ Kristina 1 month 2 days ago Hi Elizabeth! Thank you so much for your encouragement! It ALWAYS helps to hear when people can relate. I think it shows a lot of compassion when people are able to share their struggles. Food is SUCH a powerful tool to changing ones life around. Hope you have a strong week! 0  |     Reply   -   Share         Hide Replies ∧ HealthyHombre 1 month 6 days ago Great story and you look great Kristina! Not a fan of CrossFit, think it is counter productive, but somewhat better than chronic cardio. I’d focus on walking, HIIT once or twice a week, and strength training a couple times a week. 2  |     Reply   -   Share         Hide Replies ∧ Kristina 1 month 2 days ago Hi HealthyHombre! Thank you so much for your comment and encouragment! Chronic cardio does me much more harm than good. Finding that sweet spot with exercise is key. Hope you have a strong week! 0  |     Reply   -   Share         Hide Replies ∧ David 1 month 6 days ago “But that was not the best product in the end. I can get up in front of a large group of people and talk. I can hang out with my family and friends and smile.” Kristina, What a great story. This lifestyle isn’t just about losing weight and getting fit. The secondary benefits of increased confidence and joy are just as great. 0  |     Reply   -   Share         Hide Replies ∧ Kristina 1 month 2 days ago Hi David! Thanks so much for your reply and encouragement. I agree about the secondary benefits 100%, I would almost have to say that increased confidence and joy were the number 1 benefit of this lifestyle. Hope you have a strong and healthy week! -1  |     Reply   -   Share         Hide Replies ∧ Liz 1 month 6 days ago Some of this sounds so much like me and my 12 yr old daughter. We also have Ehlers Danlos Syndrome (hypermobile type). Actually the authors second picture makes me think she has it too when I look at her knees hyperextending. GI issues is one of the most common symptoms of Ehlers Danlos. I hope she reads this and gets checked out for this. It’s important to get diagnosed and especially get an echo of your heart. Just an FYI. 0  |     Reply   -   Share         Hide Replies ∧ K D 1 month 5 days ago I noticed her knee too, but if you look closely, she is standing on an uneven surface, maybe a rock. That might be why her knee is sideways. 0  |     Reply   -   Share         Hide Replies ∧ Kristina 1 month 2 days ago Hi Liz! This is Kristina (the author lol) thank you for the heads up! I looked into and will have to mention to my doctor. I have been a gymnast for a long time, my sister too and we both stand like that and we’ve always blamed it on the gymnastics 🙂 Thanks again for your advice and ALL the luck to you and your daughter. Hope you have a week of healthy and strong days! 0  |     Reply   -   Share         Hide Replies ∧ wildgrok 1 month 5 days ago Wow Kristina you look great, thanks for posting this I am going to put this in an email signature for when somebody comes to me to tell me something is “hard”: “And I think that was the key and what kept me so consistent with never going back to my old habits. Hard was not being able to be fun around my friends. Hard was feeling sick and tired all the time. Hard was being unable to believe in myself. Hard was not feeling like I couldn’t physically doing things people my age were.” 2  |     Reply   -   Share         Hide Replies ∧ Kristina 1 month 2 days ago Hi wildgrok! Thank you for your comment and encouragement! Nothing is as hard as not believing in yourself. Changing my eating and lifestyle saved my life and was a piece of cake compared to living with depression. Life is great, especially when you have the tools to get through the inevitable bumps 🙂 Hope you have an amazing week full of healthy days. 0  |     Reply   -   Share         Hide Replies ∧ NoGluten 1 month 3 days ago Hopefully, checked for celiac? It is celiac awareness month and it is good to know if celiac is present (even if you’ve totally gotten it under control, congratulations on your good health!) in case you have relatives that should be tested or you ever end up in the hospital and require GF meds, etc. 0  |     Reply   -   Share         Hide Replies ∧ Kristina 1 month 2 days ago Hi NoGluten! Thanks so much for your comment and encouragement! I have been tested for Celiacs and tested negative for it. My past GI doctor actually used that against me when I tried defedning my reasons behind eating primal and how much it had helped me. Crazy huh? A year ago I tried “gluten free” oats and it was the worst experience of my stomachs and joints life. It truly was awful. It’s been 5 years gluten free and I do not see a reason for going back. I can’t do wheat or grains, regardless of whether I am actually,… Read more » 0  |     Reply   -   Share         Hide Replies ∧ Helen 1 month 23 hours ago Inspiring Kristina! You make me think of my little 8 year old gymnast. 🙂 I wonder if her moodiness has something to do with her food. I try and give her a lot of meat and veg but you should hear the performance if we have stir fry. Sigh 0  |     Reply   -   Share         Hide Replies ∧ Kamile 22 days 23 hours ago Hi Kristina, please look up EDS (Ehlers Danlos Syndrome). From your photo in a bikini, I see you look like you are hypermobile in your knees. I have this too! It’s a genetic condition caused by abnormal collagen cells when joints are not held in their place. It affects digestion tremendously, most likely causing constipation and the gut is also too flexible. It can also cause POTS because veins are also floppy causing low blood pressure. EDS is very popular between gymnasts and I see you are one. So is my mum who I inherited it from. It can be… Read more » 0  |     Reply   -   Share         Hide Replies ∧ Home Home Archives Blog Forum Podcast Recipes Success Stories About About Affiliate Sales Contact Disclaimer Press Site Map Store Store Become a Coach Books Find a Coach Primal Kitchen Supplements Weight Loss Subscribe Join Over 300,000 Subscribers! Ⓒ2016 Mark's Daily Apple The Hello Bar is a simple web toolbar that engages users and communicates a call to action.
null
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any... Daily Deals: Amazon Echo $120, 23-inch HP display $87, and more   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple confirms October iPhone 7 launch for six African and Middle Eastern countries By Christian Zibreg, Oct 7, 2016 Tweet 5 Comments The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus officially went on sale in India and Ukraine this morning. As confirmed by authorized resellers and local Apple websites, the new handsets will be launching in a few African and Middle Eastern countries later this month. Plus, both the iPhone 7 family and the new Apple Watch Series 2 will be going on sale in Israel on October 20. The following African and Middle Eastern countries will be getting the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus later this month: October 15 Jordan Oman October 21 Madagascar Maroc Maurice Uganda On October 21, the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch Series 2 will launch in Thailand and on Samsung’s home turf in South Korea. As mentioned, both the latest phones and watches are scheduled to land on store shelves in Israel on October 20. Apple previously said that the new handsets would be launching in Macao, Macedonia, Malaysia, Montenegro, South Africa and Turkey on October 14. The new Apple smartphones debuted on September 16 in a few of Apple’s biggest markets, including the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and Germany before expanding to more than 30 countries a week later. Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend T-Mobile sees improved customer retention on strength of iPhone 7 release Pegatron CEO and Piper Jaffray slam analysts who predicted poor iPhone 7 sales Top Apple analyst expects fewer iPhone 7 sales than iPhone 6s garnered in 2015 Apple stops reporting opening weekend sales numbers for new iPhones Related Topics Apple, Apple Watch, Apple Watch Series 2, iPhone, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, Sales Tiago Peruchin Brazil?? Christian Zibreg Stay tuned… burge why. ? Apple can not fulfill the pre-orders of the original 28 launch day countries yet. Noir Junior Brazil????? Sohail Wahab Afghanistan   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Wallpapers of the week: golden fields Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… Recap: the top stories of the week on iDB Rushline, Feelca B&W, Delphi, and other apps to check out this weekend AT&T to throttle streaming video next year with new ‘Stream Saver’ feature   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Politics | Arts & Entertainment | Style & Design | Business & Technology | Search for: Submit Observer Politics National New York New Jersey International Editorials Arts & Entertainment Art Movies Music Performing Arts TV Style & Design Fashion Food & Drink Health & Wellness Home Design Real Estate Travel Business & Technology Deals Innovators Internet Culture Media Startups A Chinese Firm Could Buy Twitter in the Coming Wave of Cross-Border Tech Acquisition By Paul X. McCarthy • 10/07/16 11:33am Alibaba Founder and CEO, Jack Ma Wang He/Getty Image As the financial media speculates about Twitter being acquired by Salesforce, Alphabet (formerly Google) or even Apple, companies outside the Californian tech scene have received little attention as potential suitors. There’s now clear interest, appetite and capacity for cross-border mega deals in online tech, as Tencent’s acquisition of Supercell in June this year has shown. “Asian strategic investment in European Tech firms has grown steadily over the last decade but this year it has gone through the roof” says London-based Jack Fisher, Senior Business Development Manager of Global Deals Data provider, PitchBook. Tencent is China’s largest online social media and gaming company. Its landmark majority investment in Finland’s Supercell (makers of the global smash hit mobile game Clash of Clans) valued the 200-person company at US$10.2 billion. This crowned it as Europe’s first “Decacorn” or private startup online tech company to reach a valuation of more than US$10 billion. In June 2016 Finland’s Supercell (and maker of Clash of Clans) became Europe’s 1st Decacorn (Private tech co valued at over $10Bn) thanks to a majority investment from China’s Tencent. Rakesh Malik/Flickr In another Transatlantic mega deal, Japanese Tech Investment Giant SoftBank’s US$31.4 billion back in July acquisition of British chip designer ARM Holdings, whose success has been buoyed by the use of their chips in tens of billions of web connected devices for Apple, Samsung and others is the biggest ever purchase of a European technology company ever and SoftBank’s largest overseas acquisition. In September last year, China’s other online giant Alibaba hired Michael Evans, the former Vice-Chair of Goldman Sachs, to lead the company’s quest for offshore expansion. Evant has since overseeen five acquisitions, all worth more than US$200 million, and each of them outside China – in Singapore, India, Hong Kong and the US. The latest one is the largest yet — a US$1 billion deal for a controlling stake in the number one South-East Asian e-commerce startup, Singapore based Lazada Group. While Twitter may not be on the radar of overseas investors, there is now a large and growing stream of international global mergers and acquisitions in the technology sector every month. Cross-border deal flow has steadily increased each year since the emergence of the web and shows how the new economics of “online gravity” is accelerating globalization. This new economics has helped forge the five most valuable companies in the world right now — each now valued at more than US$300 billion. They include Apple (with a fortune built on the web connected iPhone), Alphabet (formerly Google), Microsoft (now parent to LinkedIn and Skype), Amazon and Facebook. Two more companies with massive fortunes also built on the incredible economics of the web, the Chinese online giants Tencent and Alibaba, also now enjoy market valuations in excess of US$250 billion each. They now rank among the worlds largest companies. Global tech cross-border dealflow is accelerating. October 2016. Paul X. McCarthy Since 2000, US technology companies have acquired 230 Asian tech companies with the numbers steadily increasing each year. With even more dramatic growth, Asian tech companies have acquired 373 companies since 2000. Between 2011-2013 Asian tech companies were acquiring between 20 to 30 US companies per year and now it’s double this rate with between 50-60 major deals being consummated each year. Recent noteworthy large-scale deals include: Acquirer Acquired Valuation at acquisition Date Softbank, Japan ARM Holdings, UK US $31.4 Billion July 2016 Tencent, China Supercell, Finland US $10.2 Billion June 2016 Tencent, China Riot Games, US US $400 Million February 2011 Rakuten, Japan Ebates, US US $1 Billion September 2014 Rakuten, Japan Viber, Cyprus US $900 Million February 2014 Acquisitions — one of the keys to tech innovation Mergers and acquisitions are a key but often overlooked part of the digital economy and central to the success of the global technology innovation ecosystem as we know it. Most of Alphabet’s significant innovation since it created the world’s most famous search engine has been the result of its 190 acquisitions. Google Maps, for example, was an acquisition, so too Google Docs, Gmail, and YouTube. Many elements at the core of Google’s breathtaking commercial success in online advertising rely on innovation from startups that were acquired and integrated into Google’s own internal efforts. The impact of the web on accelerating globalisation can be seen beyond the tech sector too. Many digitally transformed traditional industries like media, telecommunications and electronics have also become the subject of major Asia-based cross-border acquisitions including: Industry Acquirer Acquired Valuation at acquisition Date Publishing Nikkei, Japan Financial Times, UK US$1.32 billion 2015 Electronics Toshiba, Japan Landis+Gyr, Switzerland US$2.3 Billion 2011 Telecommunications Singtel, Singapore Optus, Australia US$8.5 billion 2001 Not first time there’s been a surge in cross-border deals In the early 1990s Japanese consumer electronics giants were on the hunt for Hollywood movie studios. They wanted media, software or “content” as it has become known to complement their hardware. Japanese companies invested more than US$13 billion (nearly US$25 billion adjusted to today’s money) in the US film and television industry, which included the mega acquisitions of two of the six largest Hollywood film studios — Matsushita’s acquisition of MCA and Sony’s purchase of Columbia Pictures. Even Walt Disney turned to Japan for US$600 million in financing for its films. It remains to be seen whether we may see a repeat of this scale of deal making with any of today’s US online giants given their unprecedented scale. What’s almost certain is we will see more frequent and larger scale cross-border acquisitions of companies up to the size of Twitter (around US$30 billion) and perhaps even at the scale of Paypal or eBay (US$50 billion+). At a smaller scale again, expect to see many more yo-yo deals with companies criss-crossing the planet to acquire others in their efforts to dominate a vertical market or technology sub-sector. Examples of these style deals include: LeEco (Beijing)‘s $10m acquisition of Sydney based LeSports (Sydney) in January Carsales (Melbourne) estimated $15m purchase of Chileautos (Santiago) in March and Naspers (Cape Town) $180m takeover of Citruspay (Mumbai) last month. This Chord diagram using seals data from Crunchbase illustrates the total number of Global cross-border technology deal flows since 2000 organised by continent. It shows the increasing amount of criss-crossing of the planet of capital chasing tech deals to consolidate global positions in market segments and technology verticals. The Conversation Paul X. McCarthy is an Adjunct Professor at UNSW Australia. This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. Observer About Advertise Careers Contact Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 12 31 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest #MadeByGoogle Pixel shop to pop up in NYC Google will showcase devices in what may be a prelude to a more ambitious retail strategy. Post to Facebook #MadeByGoogle Pixel shop to pop up in NYC Google will showcase devices in what may be a prelude to a more ambitious retail strategy.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2dRrwLs {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs #MadeByGoogle Pixel shop to pop up in NYC Jessica Guynn , USA TODAY 7:17 p.m. EDT October 9, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Google is introducing two new phones, the Pixel and Pixel XL, to take on big players like Apple and Samsung; these are the top five features. Google's new consumer electronics devices will be displayed in a pop-up shop in New York City on Oct. 20. (Photo: Jessica Guynn, for USA TODAY) SAN FRANCISCO — Something new may be coming soon from Google: A full-blown retail experience to showcase its new consumer electronics devices. For now, the Internet giant is opening a "Made by Google" pop-up shop in New York City. The shop that will spring up at 96 Spring St. on Oct. 20 isn't the first retail location for Google. The Internet giant has had stores inside other stores. But it does not — at least not yet — have the equivalent of Apple stores. The introduction of a high-end line of hardware marks a new era for the Internet giant and there's the hint that a more ambitious brick-and-mortar retail strategy may be in the making. Google is in the midst of a new and very aggressive push to sell its own consumer electronic devices, rather than supplying the software to manufacturers. USA TODAY Google Assistant is star of Google's hardware unveil Pop-up shops are a common prelude to establishing a bigger retail presence. That's what Microsoft did for its Xbox and Surface devices. Samsung has also opened these temporary stores  for the holidays. "It seems inevitable that they need some kind of hardware presence to show this stuff off in a consistent and joined-up way," said Jan Dawson, chief analyst with Jackdaw Research. The challenge? Opening retail outlets is a costly and time-consuming endeavor if Google wants to reach a significant chunk of the U.S. population, Dawson said. "Look at Apple – it launched its first stores 15 years ago, has been ramping up steadily since, and still has under 300 US stores. Microsoft is an even more relevant and a more recent example," he said. "If you’re willing to sacrifice some of the premium in the retail experience, you can roll out more quickly – Microsoft has around 100 US stores. But Microsoft can show off both its own devices and third party devices – I’m not sure Google could reasonably do the same in its retail stores." Among the Google devices that will be on display: the new Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones, virtual reality headset Daydream View, Google Home smart speaker and Google WiFi. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Google's new Pixel phones, Google Home and Daydream VR  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. An attendee takes pictures of the Google Pixel phone display during a Google product event in San Francisco.  John G Mabanglo, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen A Google Home unit is on display following a product event Oct. 4 in San Francisco.  Eric Risberg, AP Fullscreen Mario Queiroz, Google VP of product management, introduces the new Google Home.  John G Mabanglo, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen The new Google Pixel phone  Eric Risberg, AP Fullscreen Dan Howley tries out the Google Daydream View virtual-reality headset and controller. Daydream View will differ from other VR headsets by having a companion motion controller and compatibility with a wide range of phones.  Eric Risberg, AP Fullscreen Members of the media examine Google's Pixel phone.  Ramin Talaie, Getty Images Fullscreen A journalist uses Google's Daydream VR headset. Google unveiled new products, including the Google Pixel Phone, making a jump into the mobile device market.  Ramin Talaie, Getty Images Fullscreen With YouTube, you can watch the entire library of videos on a virtual big screen and experience VR videos. The app was built from the ground up especially for Daydream and the controller.  Google Fullscreen The headset and phone say hello wirelessly. There's nothing to connect. And the headset includes an auto-alignment system that gets everything just right. It's just seconds to being in VR once you drop in the phone.  Google Fullscreen A screen shot from YouTube VR.   Google Fullscreen Sundar Pichai, CEO of Google, discusses Google’s new Pixel phones during the Google event in San Francisco.  Theresa Chong for USA TODAY Fullscreen Google's headset features a small controller similar to a remote with clickable touchpad at the top and two buttons.  Google Fullscreen Google's Snow version of the headset.  Google Fullscreen The headset and controller will go on sale in November for $79.  Google. Fullscreen Googles Daydream.  Google Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 15 2 of 15 3 of 15 4 of 15 5 of 15 6 of 15 7 of 15 8 of 15 9 of 15 10 of 15 11 of 15 12 of 15 13 of 15 14 of 15 15 of 15 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide 12 CONNECTTWEET 31 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2dRrwLs
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 12 31 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest #MadeByGoogle Pixel shop to pop up in NYC Google will showcase devices in what may be a prelude to a more ambitious retail strategy. Post to Facebook #MadeByGoogle Pixel shop to pop up in NYC Google will showcase devices in what may be a prelude to a more ambitious retail strategy.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2dRrwLs {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs #MadeByGoogle Pixel shop to pop up in NYC Jessica Guynn , USA TODAY 7:17 p.m. EDT October 9, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Google is introducing two new phones, the Pixel and Pixel XL, to take on big players like Apple and Samsung; these are the top five features. Google's new consumer electronics devices will be displayed in a pop-up shop in New York City on Oct. 20. (Photo: Jessica Guynn, for USA TODAY) SAN FRANCISCO — Something new may be coming soon from Google: A full-blown retail experience to showcase its new consumer electronics devices. For now, the Internet giant is opening a "Made by Google" pop-up shop in New York City. The shop that will spring up at 96 Spring St. on Oct. 20 isn't the first retail location for Google. The Internet giant has had stores inside other stores. But it does not — at least not yet — have the equivalent of Apple stores. The introduction of a high-end line of hardware marks a new era for the Internet giant and there's the hint that a more ambitious brick-and-mortar retail strategy may be in the making. Google is in the midst of a new and very aggressive push to sell its own consumer electronic devices, rather than supplying the software to manufacturers. USA TODAY Google Assistant is star of Google's hardware unveil Pop-up shops are a common prelude to establishing a bigger retail presence. That's what Microsoft did for its Xbox and Surface devices. Samsung has also opened these temporary stores  for the holidays. "It seems inevitable that they need some kind of hardware presence to show this stuff off in a consistent and joined-up way," said Jan Dawson, chief analyst with Jackdaw Research. The challenge? Opening retail outlets is a costly and time-consuming endeavor if Google wants to reach a significant chunk of the U.S. population, Dawson said. "Look at Apple – it launched its first stores 15 years ago, has been ramping up steadily since, and still has under 300 US stores. Microsoft is an even more relevant and a more recent example," he said. "If you’re willing to sacrifice some of the premium in the retail experience, you can roll out more quickly – Microsoft has around 100 US stores. But Microsoft can show off both its own devices and third party devices – I’m not sure Google could reasonably do the same in its retail stores." Among the Google devices that will be on display: the new Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones, virtual reality headset Daydream View, Google Home smart speaker and Google WiFi. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Google's new Pixel phones, Google Home and Daydream VR  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. An attendee takes pictures of the Google Pixel phone display during a Google product event in San Francisco.  John G Mabanglo, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen A Google Home unit is on display following a product event Oct. 4 in San Francisco.  Eric Risberg, AP Fullscreen Mario Queiroz, Google VP of product management, introduces the new Google Home.  John G Mabanglo, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen The new Google Pixel phone  Eric Risberg, AP Fullscreen Dan Howley tries out the Google Daydream View virtual-reality headset and controller. Daydream View will differ from other VR headsets by having a companion motion controller and compatibility with a wide range of phones.  Eric Risberg, AP Fullscreen Members of the media examine Google's Pixel phone.  Ramin Talaie, Getty Images Fullscreen A journalist uses Google's Daydream VR headset. Google unveiled new products, including the Google Pixel Phone, making a jump into the mobile device market.  Ramin Talaie, Getty Images Fullscreen With YouTube, you can watch the entire library of videos on a virtual big screen and experience VR videos. The app was built from the ground up especially for Daydream and the controller.  Google Fullscreen The headset and phone say hello wirelessly. There's nothing to connect. And the headset includes an auto-alignment system that gets everything just right. It's just seconds to being in VR once you drop in the phone.  Google Fullscreen A screen shot from YouTube VR.   Google Fullscreen Sundar Pichai, CEO of Google, discusses Google’s new Pixel phones during the Google event in San Francisco.  Theresa Chong for USA TODAY Fullscreen Google's headset features a small controller similar to a remote with clickable touchpad at the top and two buttons.  Google Fullscreen Google's Snow version of the headset.  Google Fullscreen The headset and controller will go on sale in November for $79.  Google. Fullscreen Googles Daydream.  Google Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 15 2 of 15 3 of 15 4 of 15 5 of 15 6 of 15 7 of 15 8 of 15 9 of 15 10 of 15 11 of 15 12 of 15 13 of 15 14 of 15 15 of 15 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide 12 CONNECTTWEET 31 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2dRrwLs

null
ON NEWSSTANDS 106 Music Style Culture Video share tweet Feed All Posts Featured Posts Trending Posts Magazine Events Shop Twitter facebook youtube instagram tumblr US US UK CA US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition Follow the Fader Press Enter to Search Music Style Culture Video Magazine Events Shop US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition music / News Unofficial Remixes Are Now Available On Spotify And Apple Music DJ Jazzy Jeff’s remix of Anderson .Paak’s “Room In Here” is the first unofficial remix to hit the streaming services. By Ben Dandridge-Lemco   Rochelle Brodin / Getty Images Earlier this year, Spotify and Apple both inked deals with music rights management service Dubset in order to bring unofficial mixes, a principal feature of their competitor SoundCloud, to their streaming platforms. As TechCrunch points out, a DJ Jazzy Jeff remix of Anderson .Paak's "Room In Here" has arrived on Apple Music and Spotify on Friday. Dubset's Mixbank platform makes the deals with Apple Music and Spotify possible, by scanning every part of a song or mix and matching it to the snippets of the original content. The company then distributes royalties evenly between the principal rights holders of the material, meaning that Anderson .Paak will get paid for streams of Jazzy Jeff's remix. “Content owners have been very supportive. The publishing and label deals we have under license provides a large catalog to work with” Dubset CEO Stephen White told TechCrunch. "Some of the content that until now has only been on YouTube and SoundCloud to come to these great paid services where content owners will get paid!” The new additions to Spotify and Apple Music could reduce the value of SoundCloud; In March Financial Times reported that the German streaming service was in the late stages of acquisition negotiations with Spotify. As of now, unofficial remixes will begin to be featured on the platforms, but White tells TechCrunch that full DJ mixes will be added in the near future. Representative for Spotify and Apple Music were not immediately available for comment. October 07, 2016 Electronic, Hip-Hop, Technology Read full story music / News Unofficial Remixes Are Now Available On Spotify And Apple Music Contact Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Field Reps Fader Label Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube Tumblr Instagram Apple Music Soundcloud Spotify RSS Magazine 106 Subscribe Updates Daily Events To get invites for parties near where you live, make sure to add your Zip/Postal Code. ©2016 The Fader, Inc. All rights reserved. Site By Wondersauce
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা മലയാളം हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা മലയാളം Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile Photo Gallery Videos SPORTS Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science SHOWBIZ Red Hot Reviews Movies Glamtalk Bookworm TV Celebrity Romance Recipes Pics Video And More HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO 290 US votes for trump 232 NewsTrump's JourneyHillary Accepts DefeatResult AnalysisWorld ViewHistoryAstroPics Latest News » Technology » Gadgets ﻿ Wait over, Indian Apple fans finally grab iPhone 7 Last Updated: Friday, October 7, 2016 - 20:03 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Follow @ZeeNews Noida: At the stroke of 7 p.m. on Friday, the month-long wait to grab an iPhone 7 came to an end as Apple enthusiasts who pre-ordered iPhone 7 and 7 Plus devices swarmed Apple flagship and retail stores across the country to grab their handsets. After receiving a stupendous response from 28 countries in the first phase, beginning from September 16 and additional 30 countries from September 24, iPhone 7 and 7 Plus finally arrived in India and the mood was upbeat. "I want to thank Apple enthusiasts for breaking all records with the new iPhone 7 launch. This launch is beyond comparison in India. This is iPhone 7, after all," Mikey Todd, Managing Director, iZenica, Apple Premium Reseller in India, told IANS. Available in silver, gold, rose gold and the new black finish (jet black), iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB models, starting at Rs 60,000. For Neha Rana, 24, holding her very own iPhone 7 was worth a long wait. "Getting an iPhone on the very first day before others means a lot. My heart skipped several beats as I held it for the first time. It`s like carrying the most classy brand in your pocket which speaks on its own," Rana, who got the device from the iZenica Apple Store at GIP Mall here, told IANS. iPhone 7 has water and dust resistance, dual-lens camera (in iPhone 7 Plus), a pressure-sensitive home button, 7MP HD front camera and 12MP rear main camera. "For me, it is yet another repackaged iPhone 6s with a few bumped up specifications. New Apple products feel more like recycled ideas than innovation. Having said it, I am still buying an iPhone 7 because the black looks sleek," Haroon Shergill, an Apple lover, told IANS as he waited patiently for his turn at the store. According to industry analysts, since the festive season is on and Diwali falls on October 30, this is a strategic time for Apple to register better iPhone 7 sales in the country. "With this, Apple will have three-four weeks of solid festive momentum. Last year, Apple launched iPhone models on October 16 in India. This year, the company will have more time-frame to register better sales figures," Tarun Pathak, Senior Analyst, Mobile Devices and Ecosystems at New Delhi-based Counterpoint Research, told IANS. Apple CEO Tim Cook recently announced to soon open retail stores in the country -- a move that brings to the fore the global importance of the burgeoning Indian smartphone market. "India is now one of our fastest growing markets. In the first three quarters of this fiscal year, our iPhone sales in India were up 51 percent year on year. We`re looking forward to opening retail stores in India down the road and we see huge potential for that vibrant country," Cook said. Pricing iPhone will be available at the starting price of Rs 60,000. Here are some price details: Apple iPhone 7 32GB variant: Rs 60,000 128GB variant: Rs 70,000 256GB variant: Rs 80,000. iPhone 7 Plus 32GB variant: Rs 72,000 128GB variant: Rs 82,000 256GB variant: Rs 92,000 Key Features iPhone 7 features a 4.7-inch display with 3D touch, while iPhone 7 Plus has a 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D touch. Both the smartphones are powered by a new quad-core Apple A10 Fusion processor, which it claims is 40 per cent faster than the previous generation. The iOS 10-powered iPhone 7 sports a 12MP iSight camera and 4K video recording. The iPhone 7 Plus has dual 12MP rear cameras -- one wide-angle and a telephoto lens. Both iPhones have a similar 7MP Facetime camera, which is bumped up from 5MP on the iPhone 6S. The handsets come with IP67 rating signifying the fact that it is water and dust resistant, a first for the Apple smartphone. The models also have a new home button which is now touch sensitive and uses a new Taptic engine for better response. IANS First Published: Friday, October 7, 2016 - 20:03 More from zeenews   India Guru Nanak Jayanti: PM Narendra Modi greets people on Gurupurab Demonetisation: LS Speaker calls all-party meet as Opposition gears up for showdown with Narendra Modi govt Nation pays tribute to Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru on his 127th birth anniversary More from India World Donald Trump says will take USD 1 as his salary with no vacations Donald Trump to forgo salary as US president New Zealand PM cancels Argentina trip after quake More from World Sports Rajkot Test: England skipper Alastair Cook defends 'late' declaration, says it was fair Lost and Found: Rio Olympian thanks 'Signora Mara' for medal found in rubbish heap Who the heck is Haseeb Hameed? India wants to know More from Sports Entertainment Shah Rukh Khan is comfortable with women, says Katrina Kaif Jacqueline Fernandez is the entertainer of the year! Vidya Balan’s perception about Bollywood has evolved with time More from Entertaiment Health Do you know diabetes can severely affect your skin? Read With a surge in diabetic retinopathy, does India have enough avenues to deal with it? Flu shots, access to medication help kids combat asthma More from Health Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Most Read Most Viewed Note ban: PM Modi pledges fifty days; is India ready to cooperate? Watch: PM Modi speaks on demonetisation, black money Watch: PM Modi speaks on demonetisation, black money - Part II Dr Subhash Chandra Show: Know the importance of having a purpose in life Note ban: Dr Subhash Chandra appeals to people for patience and time OMG! Locals cut open giant snake... guess what comes out next – this viral video crossed over 2 lakh views DISTURBING VIDEO: Man dies of heart attack while talking to family - Weak-hearted people SHOULDN'T WATCH Demonetisation: Banks issue new series of Rs 500 notes Bigg Boss 10: This is what Salman Khan has to say about Narendra Modi's demonetisation masterstroke Govt looking into sudden 'propping up' of money in Jan Dhan account deposits Related News Apple selling refurbished unlocked 16GB iPhone 6S Plus in online stores   Ireland launches appeal against EU Apple tax ruling Apple unveils new MacBook Pro laptops; price starts at $1,499 Apple updates its video editing app Final Cut Pro X Samsung maintains lead in smartphone segment despite Note 7 debacle TAGS Apple Apple iPhone iPhone 7 iPhone iPhone models iPhone India launch Photos Chitrangda Singh at an event in Sydney, Australia, I love this look- Sophie Choudry, Twitter@iamsrk New currency note of Rs 500, Aditi Ashok with Hero Women's Indian Open Golf trophy, Recovered more than one crore black mone 22nd Kolkata International Film Festival Top Videos ATM withdrawal limit increased to Rs 2,500; exchange limit Rs 4500/day Watch: PM Modi speaks on demonetisation, black money Note ban: PM Modi pledges fifty days; is India ready to cooperate? Earthquake of intensity 7.4 hits New Zealand; tsunami alert issued More from other Sections WATCH: Dean Elgar's weird 'duck' which gave David Warner a life during 2nd Australia-South Africa Test Usain Bolt all set to train with Borussia Dortmund, confirms club's CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke Kartik Poornima or Dev Deepavali 2016: Here’s how it is celebrated Guru Nanak Jayanti: Know more about the sacred Panj Takht Five reasons why screening for type 2 diabetes is important! World Diabetes Day 2016: How can diabetes affect your eyes? contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info WHERE TO WATCH Careers Partner Site: DNA INDIA news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Red Hot Reviews Movies Glam Talk Bookworm Recipes TV Celebrity Romance Pics Videos And More Exclusive Blogs sports Cricket Football World Motorsports Golf Others Softspot Debate Blogs Exclusive Pics Videos business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business Photo Gallery India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Malayalam Kerala Districts India World Sports Movies Health NRI Photos Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2016 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
null
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Wait over, Indian Apple fans finally grab iPhone 7 (Lead, With Images) Wait over, Indian Apple fans finally grab iPhone 7 (Lead, With Images) Source : Last Updated: Fri, Oct 07, 2016 20:00 hrs Tweet Mail Print Noida (Uttar Pradesh), Oct 7 (IANS) At the stroke of 7 p.m. on Friday, the month-long wait to grab an iPhone 7 came to an end as Apple enthusiasts who pre-ordered iPhone 7 and 7 Plus devices swarmed Apple flagship and retail stores across the country to grab their handsets. After receiving a stupendous response from 28 countries in the first phase, beginning from September 16 and additional 30 countries from September 24, iPhone 7 and 7 Plus finally arrived in India and the mood was upbeat. "I want to thank Apple enthusiasts for breaking all records with the new iPhone 7 launch. This launch is beyond comparison in India. This is iPhone 7, after all," Mikey Todd, Managing Director, iZenica, Apple Premium Reseller in India, told IANS. Available in silver, gold, rose gold and the new black finish (jet black), iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB models, starting at Rs 60,000. For Neha Rana, 24, holding her very own iPhone 7 was worth a long wait. "Getting an iPhone on the very first day before others means a lot. My heart skipped several beats as I held it for the first time. It's like carrying the most classy brand in your pocket which speaks on its own," Rana, who got the device from the iZenica Apple Store at GIP Mall here, told IANS. iPhone 7 has water and dust resistance, dual-lens camera (in iPhone 7 Plus), a pressure-sensitive home button, 7MP HD front camera and 12MP rear main camera. "For me, it is yet another repackaged iPhone 6s with a few bumped up specifications. New Apple products feel more like recycled ideas than innovation. Having said it, I am still buying an iPhone 7 because the black looks sleek," Haroon Shergill, an Apple lover, told IANS as he waited patiently for his turn at the store. According to industry analysts, since the festive season is on and Diwali falls on October 30, this is a strategic time for Apple to register better iPhone 7 sales in the country. "With this, Apple will have three-four weeks of solid festive momentum. Last year, Apple launched iPhone models on October 16 in India. This year, the company will have more time-frame to register better sales figures," Tarun Pathak, Senior Analyst, Mobile Devices and Ecosystems at New Delhi-based Counterpoint Research, told IANS. Apple CEO Tim Cook recently announced to soon open retail stores in the country -- a move that brings to the fore the global importance of the burgeoning Indian smartphone market. "India is now one of our fastest growing markets. In the first three quarters of this fiscal year, our iPhone sales in India were up 51 percent year on year. We're looking forward to opening retail stores in India down the road and we see huge potential for that vibrant country," Cook said. (Anuj Sharma can be contacted at anuj.s@ians.in)? --IANS anuj/na/rn SEARCH About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts Jobs News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News UK News World News Politics Tech and science Opinion 'IS APPLE STARTING A CULT?' Apple is running a top-secret ‘creepy’ recruitment drive and it’s freaking people out Tech giant shuts down web page advertising 'Orchard' scheme after tech fans mocked bizarre programme on social media by JASPER HAMILL 7th October 2016, 2:36 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments APPLE has launched a semi-secret employment programme called Orchard and people are comparing it to a cult recruitment scheme. The tech giant posted a webpage advertising Orchard, but quickly withdrew it after social media lit up with jokes about the strange scheme. EPA 1 A job with Apple is coveted by millions of people https://t.co/TYQ81Apkf3 pic.twitter.com/MShPJesaPo — Jeff J. (@lapcatsoftware) October 6, 2016 On Twitter, one man wrote: “This idea is great, but holy s*** is this page ugly. If I apply, can I fix it for Apple?” Another asked: “Is Apple starting a cult?” The Apple Orchard scheme appears to be a training programme for people who want to work in marketing. About 10 jobs are still being advertised  4 art directors, 4 copywriters and 2 strategic planners Apple said its team would be expected to “kick ass together, panic together and grow together”. It added: “The moment is now. Throw everything you know out of the window. All in. Head first. “Join the Orchard.” https://t.co/hdIPGMR81r the same pretentious self-important twaddle you've come to expect from Apple. In a BIG FONT. — Adrian Bridgett (@adrianbridgett) October 6, 2016 nos gusta loca https://t.co/BKc75HNxZh pic.twitter.com/LeyMpNJMz4 — jake duncan ☕️☎️ (@jakeenespanol) October 6, 2016 iWas looking for a job: Apple Orchard advert in full The moment is now. Throw everything you know out the window. All in. Head first. Join the Orchard. If you’re lucky enough to make the cut, expect to surround yourself with like-minded souls who are as terrified and excited as you are. Be part of a hand-picked team with a plethora of talent. Kick ass together. Panic together. Grow together. Work alongside the brains of all the iconic work you love from Apple. Watch and learn. Trust your gut. Challenge our ways. Have an impact on everything you touch. Be prepared to stumble and fumble and embarrass yourself. It will be messy, and it won’t be pretty at times, but if you stick together as a team, you’ll build a special bond and something truly great will come out of it all. Take it from us. It’s the only way. Does this whole proposal sound crazy to you? Good. We like crazy. The Orchard scheme is designed for the “mutual learning and growth of the next generation of Apple thinkers and creators”. Anyone “crazy” enough to get a place will  work their way through a curriculum and get mentoring from Apple staff. “Enrichment opportunities and sessions with leaders of Apple departments outside of marketing will also be available,” wrote Mac Rumours. We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 Topics Apple Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News THE DONALD SPEAKS Donald Trump promises to 'immediately' deport 3 million immigrants, insists he will build a wall on… News LIZARD MAN DEAD Tattooed biker gang enforcer known as 'Lizard Man' and ex-girlfriend found dead in apartment News Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News KEEPING OFF THE RADAR 'Bored' missing schoolboy, 15, could be using Bear Grylls' survival skills to stay alive News CHRISTMAS STARTS TOMORROW Amazon launches massive 12-day sale BEFORE Black Friday super sale with discounts up to 87% News I'M A CELEB MURDER MYSTERY Dead bodies found just miles from I'm A Celebrity camp as cops probe murder-suicide News Video ESCALATOR TRAGEDY Horrifying moment gran slips on escalator and drops a baby to its death from 30ft News WALNUT'S LAST WALKIES Heartbroken owner confirms beloved dog's death shortly after hundreds turned out for Walnut's final… News Latest TRIUMPHANT TRUMP Donald Trump becomes President of the United States after bitter fight for the White House News Becky KILLER ATTACKED BY LAGS Becky Watts' killer Shauna Hoare targeted in such heavy prison beatings she's had to be… News PAEDO SNARED Paedophile who sent naked shower selfie and vile messages to what he thought was 14-year-old girl is nabbed by… News Video RAINING COLD HARD CASH Amazing moment man hits jackpot at faulty cash machine when it starts spitting out money News Exclusive INVASION PLANS? North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un studies map of disputed South Korean island with military top brass News Exclusive MIRACLE OF BATACLAN Pregnant girl who clung on for life amid Paris terror attacks now has beautiful baby - and I saved them News QUAKE TRAGEDY Two dead as New Zealand rattled by powerful aftershock and tsunami after being struck by 7.8 magnitude… News Most Popular Video FIX FACTOR Honey G reveals she's got a track lined up for next week's X Factor... moments after learning theme TV & Showbiz Fast food gets faster McDonald's is going to let you use your phone to pay and order in advance Living Exclusive TRAM 'TEXT' HORROR Croydon tram crash driver was 'texting' as vehicle sped round corner 'significantly' above the permitted… News Exclusive EMILY'S OUT ON STREET Corrie legend Eileen Derbyshire leaves soap after 55yrs - ending reign as its longest serving actress TV & Showbiz THE DONALD SPEAKS Donald Trump promises to 'immediately' deport 3 million immigrants, insists he will build a wall on… News back on Nick Knowles moves back in with estranged wife Jessica Moor TV & Showbiz 'WHy are you even on the show?' Xtra Factor viewer angers Nicole Scherzinger by trolling Ryan Lawrie live on air TV & Showbiz CHRISTMAS NUMBER ONE People are saying Marks & Spencer's Christmas advert is BETTER than John Lewis' Living LIZARD MAN DEAD Tattooed biker gang enforcer known as 'Lizard Man' and ex-girlfriend found dead in apartment News It's back! Michelle Keegan's wedding ring returns as she wows in strapless dress alongside handsome husband Mark Wright TV & Showbiz Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News Trump trumpet Terrifying 'apocalypse sound' heard throughout the world is being blamed on Trump's election win Living 'SCREW YOU' Jacqueline Jossa hits out at online trolls who claimed she was pregnant with baby number 2 TV & Showbiz Pictured WHERE'S YOUR RESPECT? I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here fans in uproar at Ant and Dec’s disappearing poppies TV & Showbiz KEEPING OFF THE RADAR 'Bored' missing schoolboy, 15, could be using Bear Grylls' survival skills to stay alive News Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
In English На русском Հայերեն Full version October 7, 2016 - 18:19 AMT SHARE Spotify, Apple Music start streaming unofficial mixes SoundCloud’s big differentiator is its offering of unofficial, user-uploaded content that the major labels don’t release and that isn’t on Spotify or Apple Music. The first unofficial single-track remixes just went live on Spotify and Apple Music thanks to their partnerships with music rights management service Dubset, TechCrunch reports. Apple struck a deal with Dubset in March, and Spotify did in May, BPMSupreme reported. But the remixes are finally beginning to stream startin from Thursday, October 6, starting with this DJ Jazzy Jeff remix of Anderson .Paak. We’ve reached out to Spotify and Apple for comment. Still missing are the multi-song mixsets DJs often share from their gigs. But Dubset is also equipped to distribute royalties from those and its deals permit them. Dubset CEO Stephen White tells me “Mixes are coming next!” Dubset works by scanning an entire mix and matching every part of the track to its Mixbank of snippets of official songs based on Gracenote’s audio fingerprinting database. Dubset matches the samples in a mix to these snippets, then distributes royalties for the play evenly to the original rights holders. In this case, Anderson Paak’s rights holders would get paid because his music is the basis of Jazzy Jeff’s remix. White says 700 million people listen to mixed content a month, making it a big opportunity. But record labels have historically fought against unofficial mixes because they considered them piracy since they weren’t getting paid. Dubset gives them a fair share, so they’ll permit remixes and mix sets to stream on the major platforms. Royalty revenue from the platform is shared with rights holders while Dubset gets a cut. “Content owners have been very supportive. The publishing and label deals we have under license provides a large catalog to work with” White tells me. This “allows some of the content that until now has only been on YouTube and SoundCloud to come to these great paid services where content owners will get paid!” The fact that unofficial content is now going live on Spotify and Apple Music could reduce the acquisition potential for SoundCloud, which the Financial Times says is in late-stage negotiations to be bought by Spotify. TechCrunch’s sources confirm the two have recently been talking about M&A. But if Spotify can get the best of SoundCloud’s content without coughing up a ton of money for a broken company that’s been struggling for years. SHARE PanARMENIAN.Net © 2000—2016
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Netflix Chief Hastings Says China Entry ‘Doesn’t Look Good’ Lucas Shaw Lucas_Shaw October 7, 2016 — 9:33 AM EDT Updated on October 7, 2016 — 10:11 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Netflix Struggles to Enter China Market Disney, Apple troubles show difficulty of offering video: CEO Theater chains are ‘strangling the movie business’: Hastings Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Netflix Inc.’s likelihood of entering the Chinese market, one of the few countries where it doesn’t offer streaming video service, “doesn’t look good,” Chief Executive Officer Reed Hastings said. “We’re focused on the rest of the world,” Hastings said Friday at the New Yorker TechFest in New York. “Disney, who is very good in China, had their movie service shut down. Apple, who is very good in China, had their movie service closed down. It doesn’t look good.” Netflix shares had plunged as much as 4.8 percent in early trading following Hastings’s comments, though they recovered and opened little changed in New York. Through Thursday, they had slid 8.1 percent this year on concern that Hastings would have trouble replicating his U.S. success throughout the world. China, with its large population and expanding consumer class, has represented a tantalizing opportunity, but the government’s tight control over media and internet services has blocked Hastings’ path so far. Netflix has continued to build its arsenal of exclusive programming, including the rights to first-run movies. The company announced a deal this week with the iPic Theaters chain to release some original films on the company’s 113 screens, a way to assure filmmakers they can still get a theatrical release when they do deals with Netflix. The National Association of Theatre Owners, which has long sought to protect movie theaters’ ability to show films exclusively before they’re available on television, sounded a note of caution about the Netflix-iPic deal. “Simultaneous release, in practice, has reduced both theatrical and home revenues when it has been tried,” NATO CEO John Fithian said in a statement this week. Hastings was unsympathetic to Fithian’s view Friday. “Theater chains are strangling the movie business” by refusing to allow more experimentation on when and how movies get released, he said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Video Stories Tech Markets Netflix Inc Reed Hastings China Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink Social Media Computers & Laptops Mobiles & Tablets Other Gadgets Apple launches iPhone 7 and 7 Plus in India Mala Bhargava   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet New Delhi: Oct 7:   A month after the global unveiling of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, Apple has launched its two flagship smartphones for 2016 in India, along with its smartwatch, the Apple Watch Series 2. The launch of the two smartphones has followed a period of forming relationships with several distributors including with Airtel, Reliance, Remington India and Ingram Micro. Pre-orders stop today but deals and offers are appearing on online stores such as Amazon and Snapdeal, PayTM and others including exchange schemes. With reports of Samsung's flagship Note 7 being beleaguered by hazardous battery problems and frequent explosions or outbreaks of fire even on replaced devices, Apple launches its smartphones at an advantageous time for the company for whom India is potentially a large market were it not for the high cost of the iPhones. Criticised by many for not innovating enough on the new devices or making any significant visual changes to the design, Apple nevertheless emphasises that everything on the inside of the two phones has been remade. The A10 Fusion chip that powers the new iPhones has promised high performance and on initial benchmark tests is beating the powerful Snapdragon 820 processor. The dual camera on the iPhone 7 Plus is also already showing signs of being the next smartphone camera benchmark. Coming with the update of Apple's iOS10.1 are additional photography features such as a special portrait and bokeh mode. Also unique to the iPhone is the 3D Touch technology which gives haptic feedback through many actions carried out on the phone. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are splash, water and dust resistant, and were tested under controlled laboratory conditions with a rating of IP67. The 32GB, 128GB and 256GB variants of the iPhone 7 are priced at Rs 60,000, Rs 70,000 and Rs 80,000, respectively. The larger iPhone 7 Plus models are priced at Rs 72,000 for 32GB, Rs 82,000 for 128GB and Rs 92,000 for 256GB. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are available in Rose Gold, Gold, Silver, Matte Black and Jet Black. (This article was published on October 7, 2016) Related NEWS Snapdeal partners Amex to offer Rs 10,000 off on iPhone7, 7 Plus Apple iPhone 7 India launch on Oct 7, price starts at Rs 60,000 TOPICS economy, business and finance | computing and information technology | lifestyle and leisure | mobile phones | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Tata-Mistry spat unlikely to hit TCS operations: Analysts London woos Indian start-ups ICJ rejects India’s plea for change arbitrator in Vodafone case Singapore-based fintech start-up Active.ai raises $ 3mn funding Flipkart to offer financial benefits to retain high-performing sellers; starts tiering system Downsizing: eBay slashes workforce in Bengaluru development centre IT companies worried over implications of Trump win Sasken re-invents itself, targets $250-m in revenue by 2021 LATEST NEWS Rs 500, Rs 1,000 notes valid for key utility payments till Nov 24 Indent, supply of Rs 100 notes didn't match even earlier, say bank unions Govt to install micro cash machines to ease currency crunch 4 min. ago Kia Motors close to finalising India plans; could announce foray within months 27 min. ago Singapore-based fintech start-up Active.ai raises $ 3mn funding 1 hr. 1 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in Info-tech Singapore-based fintech start-up Active.ai raises $ 3mn funding Singapore-based fintech start-up Active.ai, which uses artificial intelligence (AI) to deliver virtual assistant banking services, has r... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2016, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
null
null
null
best casino bonuses australian online casino au dollars trusted online gambling internet casino download old information online us casinos las vegas best online casino craps flash casino games mac play online vegas Home Advertise Milestones Documents Agencies Jobs Contact Us About Us Get Our Newsletter Special Reports Book Excerpt: ‘Missing Man: The American Spy Who Vanished in Iran’ Nine Years Later, Ex-FBI Agent Robert Levinson Still Missing After Visiting Iran DEA’s John ‘Jack’ Riley Named ticklethewire.com’s Fed of The Year For 2015 Read Past Reports Links Above The Law Associated Press National News Bloomberg Chicago Sun-Times Columnist Al Kamen Counterterrorism Blog Courthouse News Service Daily Kos Deadline Detroit Drudge Report FBI Counterterrorism website Federal Diary Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association FedScoop Fraud With Peril Gang Land News Gun Safety in America Hemp Today Investigative Project on Terrorism L.A. Times Law Enforcement Online (LEO) Law.com Main Justice Mike Causey’s Federal Report Motor City Muckraker National Assoc. of Assistant U.S. Attorneys National Association of Former U.S. Attorneys New York Times Newser nextgov NOBLE ProPublica Roll Call Security DeBrief Spy Talk Talking Points Memo The BLT: Blog of LegalTimes The Crime Report The Hansen Files (NBC) The Huffington Post The Isikoff Files The Prime-Time Crime Review The Rap Sheet (Crime Fiction) The Smoking Gun The Washington Times Under the Radar (Politico) Vera Institute of Justice Wall Street Journal Law Blog Washington Post White Collar Crime Prof Blog WIRED Threat Level WORLDFAMOUSPRIVATEEYE'S Blog Columnists Site Search Search for: Entire (RSS) Comments (RSS) Archive Calendar October 2016 S M T W T F S « Sep   Nov »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Guides How to Become a Bounty Hunter FBI Wants to Hack into Another Encrypted iPhone Belonging to a Dead Man By Steve Neavling ticklethewire.com The FBI may be headed for another legal showdown with Apple. Eight months after the FBI asked a court to order Apple to help hack into the encrypted iPhone of San Bernardino shooter Rizwan Farook, the bureau has obtained the iPhone of the man who stabbed 10 people in a Minnesota mall, Wired reports.  Tahir Adan’s phone is locked with a passcode, and FBI agents are still trying to access the contents. “Dahir Adan’s iPhone is locked,” FBI special agent Rich Thorton told reporters, “We are in the process of assessing our legal and technical options to gain access to this device and the data it may contain.” Thornton didn’t reveal the model of iPhone or its operating system. Apple declined to help the FBI break into Farook’s phone, prompting the bureau to hire an outside entity to access the phone. Other Stories of Interest FBI Announces Arrests of 28 in Crackdown of Violent Gangs Metro Detroit Woman, 94, Shares Memories of Job at FBI FBI Looks to Hire Hundreds of College Graduates To Stop Homeland Attacks, Take a Page from Secret Service Justice Department Launches Investigation into Alabama’s Prisons  Print This Post Posted: 10/7/16 at 9:26 AM under News Story. Tags: apple, encryption, FBI, hack, iPhone, terrorist Write a comment You need to login to post comments! ' © 2016 Tickle The Wire - Entries (RSS) - Comments (RSS) - Log in Home | Advertise | Milestones | Documents | Agencies | Jobs | Contact Us | About Us | Mobile Site Site by: Sik Solutions, LLC.
null
Mumbai Mirror Ad Blocker Detected We have noticed that you have an ad blocker enabled which restricts ads served on the site. Please disable it to continue reading Mumbai Mirror Steps for disabling ad blocker HomeSteps for disabling ad blockerRefresh x Never miss an update from us LIKE US ON MumbaiMirror.comor FOLLOW US ONFollow @mumbaimirror WELCOME, My Times LOGOUTSIGN IN Bangalore Mirror|Ahmedabad Mirror|Pune Mirror Home Bollywood City Cricket Mumbai Cover Story Crime Civic Other Entertainment Movie Review Bollywood Hollywood TV Music Art & Theatre Books Columns City Columns Comment Pilgrim Nation Columnists Mumbai 001 Ask the Sexpert News India World Business Sport Olympics Hockey Cricket Football Tennis F1 Others Videos News Sports Entertainment Photos Big Picture Entertainment News Sports Technology Live TV Liveshots All India World Business HomeNewsBusiness Flipkart CEO becomes 'delivery boy' Gadgets Now | Oct 7, 2016, 06.29 PM IST Print this article Reduce font size Increase font size My Saved articles Whatsapp Facebook Google Plus Twitter Email Linkedin SMS Share Whatsapp Facebook Google Plus Twitter Email Linkedin SMS The much-awaited Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are launching in India today. The sales of the smartphones will start at 7 PM today across the country. And there's a celebrity 'delivery boy' for the new iPhones. Flipkart CEO Binny Bansal will show up at the doorsteps of some customers, personally delivering the latest iPhones. Bansal will be delivering the all-new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus smartphones starting at 7 PM in Bangalore today. In a statement, the Bengaluru-based e-tailer said that it is readying to make deliveries right at customers’ doorsteps from 7 PM onwards. "Ekart, Flipkart’s supply chain arm has readied a full force of delivery executives to make sure its customers get hold of their phones right from 7 PM today. Delivery executives are fanning out across key cities in India to surprise several lucky customers at the exact time when the clock strikes seven," added the company in the statement. Late last month, Apple tied up with the country's top e-tailer to sell the two new smartphones. Flipkart will source iPhone 7 directly from Apple, unlike previous years when it would source the phones from third-party sellers. This is the first time that Apple has partnered with Flipkart. Flipkart, which has the largest e-tail market share in India, generates a major chunk of its revenues from sales of smartphones. Multiple smartphone brands, including Motorola and LeEco, sell exclusively on Flipkart. The iPhone 7 deal should give Flipkart a leg up, at a time when it is facing stiff competition from American rival Amazon which has been investing heavily in the Indian market. For Apple, India has become a key market. This was reflected in Apple CEO Tim Cook's recent visit to India and his meetings with government officials. The company doesn't sell its products directly in India. Instead, Apple depends on third-party retailers and distributors to sell its devices in the country. The 32GB, 128GB and 256GB variants of the iPhone 7 are priced at Rs 60,000, Rs 70,000 and Rs 80,000 respectively in India. The bigger-screen iPhone 7 Plus models are priced at Rs 72,000 for 32GB, Rs 82,000 for 128GB and Rs 92,000 for 256GB. You Might Also Like Recommended By Colombia From around the web More from Mumbai Mirror Recommended By Colombia GALLERIES Shah Rukh Khan’s rare photos ... Where are the Bonds today? B-Town gears up for Durga Puj... Cornered Mumbai says goodbye to Lord G... Celebrities say 'Ganpati Bapp... The fashionable week that was... The best of LFW 2016 Food fetish CM KCR felicitates Sindhu's g... It's World Photography Day Putting the bizarre in Break-... Most Read TODAY THIS WEEK MONTH ALL TIME Across Mumbai Mirror >> 'Rock On 2' review: The Farhan Akhtar f... 'Rock On 2' review: The Farhan Akhtar film is a largely tiresome affair Doc says no to deposit in Rs 500 notes,... Doc says no to deposit in Rs 500 notes, baby dies awaiting help Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as R... Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes lose legal tender status Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Her... Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Here's how to exchange old notes Katrina Kaif heaps praises on Shah Rukh... Katrina Kaif heaps praises on Shah Rukh Khan Anil Bokil: The man behind PM Modi’s de... Anil Bokil: The man behind PM Modi’s decision to discontinue Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as R... Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes lose legal tender status Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Her... Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Here's how to exchange old notes Anil Bokil: The man behind PM Modi’s de... Anil Bokil: The man behind PM Modi’s decision to discontinue Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Rs ... Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Rs 400 in exchange of 1,000 in Zaveri Bazaar Mumbai goes nuts trying to spend Rs 100... Mumbai goes nuts trying to spend Rs 1000 and Rs 500 notes Doc says no to deposit in Rs 500 notes,... Doc says no to deposit in Rs 500 notes, baby dies awaiting help ‘Ae Dil Hai Mushkil’ vs ‘Shivaay' box o... ‘Ae Dil Hai Mushkil’ vs ‘Shivaay' box office collection: It's cut-throat competition out there New Whatsapp features you should know Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as R... Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes lose legal tender status Vidya Balan: Marriage has taught me to ... Vidya Balan: Marriage has taught me to value myself 'Ae Dil Hai Mushkil' movie review: Frie... 'Ae Dil Hai Mushkil' movie review: Friends with deficits Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Her... Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Here's how to exchange old notes ‘Ae Dil Hai Mushkil’ vs ‘Shivaay' box o... ‘Ae Dil Hai Mushkil’ vs ‘Shivaay' box office collection: It's cut-throat competition out there New Whatsapp features you should know Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as R... Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes lose legal tender status Hrithik, Kangana face off gets ugly Bigg Boss out of the house and on the s... Bigg Boss out of the house and on the streets of Mumbai’s TV land Chintan promised Vidya Rs 20 lakh to ki... Chintan promised Vidya Rs 20 lakh to kill wife Hema From News >> TODAY THIS WEEK MONTH ALL TIME Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as R... Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes lose legal tender status Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Her... Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Here's how to exchange old notes Anil Bokil: The man behind PM Modi’s de... Anil Bokil: The man behind PM Modi’s decision to discontinue Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes Don't hoard cash, RBI tells people Arvind Kejriwal: Take back demonenitisa... Arvind Kejriwal: Take back demonenitisation decision It’s a scam, Modi alerted friends befor... It’s a scam, Modi alerted friends beforehand: Kejriwal Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as R... Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes lose legal tender status Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Her... Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Here's how to exchange old notes Anil Bokil: The man behind PM Modi’s de... Anil Bokil: The man behind PM Modi’s decision to discontinue Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes Here is what the new Rs 500, Rs 2000 cu... Here is what the new Rs 500, Rs 2000 currency notes will look like SBI Chairperson talks about demonetisat... SBI Chairperson talks about demonetisation exercise Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes no longer legal t... Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes no longer legal tender: Here’s why you don’t need to panic Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as R... Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes lose legal tender status Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Her... Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Here's how to exchange old notes Anil Bokil: The man behind PM Modi’s de... Anil Bokil: The man behind PM Modi’s decision to discontinue Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes Here is what the new Rs 500, Rs 2000 cu... Here is what the new Rs 500, Rs 2000 currency notes will look like Congress snubs Sidhu, says Amarinder is... Congress snubs Sidhu, says Amarinder is ‘CM candidate’ India's 'biggest' drug racket busted, B... India's 'biggest' drug racket busted, Bollywood producer nabbed Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as R... Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes lose legal tender status Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Her... Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Here's how to exchange old notes Anil Bokil: The man behind PM Modi’s de... Anil Bokil: The man behind PM Modi’s decision to discontinue Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes Here is what the new Rs 500, Rs 2000 cu... Here is what the new Rs 500, Rs 2000 currency notes will look like 18-yr-old Bengal girl youngest Indian c... 18-yr-old Bengal girl youngest Indian chosen for NASA project ‘My second son’s father is a popular, y... ‘My second son’s father is a popular, young political leader’ Most Commented TODAY THIS WEEK MONTH ALL TIME Across Mumbai Mirror >> Doc says no to deposit in Rs 500 notes,... Doc says no to deposit in Rs 500 notes, baby dies awaiting help She could not afford it and she didn’t ... She could not afford it and she didn’t have the new currency. So what should have I done with the patient? Rs 8 lakh hospital bill gets slashed in... Rs 8 lakh hospital bill gets slashed in half after BJP worker intervenes This guy, with a damaged Rs 2000 note, ... This guy, with a damaged Rs 2000 note, is the unluckiest person in entire India PM Narendra Modi: Give me 50 days to we... PM Narendra Modi: Give me 50 days to weed out ill-gotten wealth Uni VC made five foreign trips in 10 mo... Uni VC made five foreign trips in 10 months: RTI Doc says no to deposit in Rs 500 notes,... Doc says no to deposit in Rs 500 notes, baby dies awaiting help Mumbai temple performs 'yagna' for Trum... Mumbai temple performs 'yagna' for Trump's win Here is what the new Rs 500, Rs 2000 cu... Here is what the new Rs 500, Rs 2000 currency notes will look like Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Rs ... Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes discontinued: Rs 400 in exchange of 1,000 in Zaveri Bazaar Taapsee Pannu trolls Donald Trump for c... Taapsee Pannu trolls Donald Trump for calling Americans 'idiots' Uddhav slams Centre for ‘leaving poor m... Uddhav slams Centre for ‘leaving poor man in a lurch’ 'Ae Dil Hai Mushkil' movie review: Frie... 'Ae Dil Hai Mushkil' movie review: Friends with deficits Doc says no to deposit in Rs 500 notes,... Doc says no to deposit in Rs 500 notes, baby dies awaiting help Mumbai temple performs 'yagna' for Trum... Mumbai temple performs 'yagna' for Trump's win I came to sell my kidney so that my two... I came to sell my kidney so that my two children could have a future... '31st October' movie review: Only for t... '31st October' movie review: Only for those with an appetite for gore ‘Ae Dil Hai Mushkil’ vs ‘Shivaay' box o... ‘Ae Dil Hai Mushkil’ vs ‘Shivaay' box office collection: It's cut-throat competition out there Ticketless traveller tells TC: Arrest M... Ticketless traveller tells TC: Arrest Mallya first Why this man is dangerous Forced conversion? ‘‘India has a massacre on its hands’’ ‘I hate Hindus, wanted to spark communa... ‘I hate Hindus, wanted to spark communal tensions’ Dalits puncture Gujarat Model From News >> TODAY THIS WEEK MONTH ALL TIME Arvind Kejriwal: Take back demonenitisa... Arvind Kejriwal: Take back demonenitisation decision PM Narendra Modi: Give me 50 days to we... PM Narendra Modi: Give me 50 days to weed out ill-gotten wealth Famed Afghan Girl Sharbat Gula to trave... Famed Afghan Girl Sharbat Gula to travel to India Don't hoard cash, RBI tells people Serpentine queues outside banks, ATMs o... Serpentine queues outside banks, ATMs on Sunday Narendra Modi loses over 3 lakh Twitter... Narendra Modi loses over 3 lakh Twitter followers following demonetisation move Here is what the new Rs 500, Rs 2000 cu... Here is what the new Rs 500, Rs 2000 currency notes will look like Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as R... Twitter, WhatsApp erupt with jokes as Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes lose legal tender status Anil Bokil: The man behind PM Modi’s de... Anil Bokil: The man behind PM Modi’s decision to discontinue Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes VHP demands law to ban cow slaughter SBI Chairperson talks about demonetisat... SBI Chairperson talks about demonetisation exercise Centre deems Rs 500, Rs 1,000 notes val... Centre deems Rs 500, Rs 1,000 notes valid for key utilities' payments till November 14 Editors, Oppn liken 1-day ban on channe... Editors, Oppn liken 1-day ban on channel to Emergency Here is what the new Rs 500, Rs 2000 cu... Here is what the new Rs 500, Rs 2000 currency notes will look like Balaji temple sues Tirumala trust over ... Balaji temple sues Tirumala trust over income share CPI-M: Maharashtra CM facilitating exto... CPI-M: Maharashtra CM facilitating extortion Owaisi demands SC probe into SIMI activ... Owaisi demands SC probe into SIMI activists' encounter Woman lets man, his teen son rape her 9... Woman lets man, his teen son rape her 9-yr-old twins Dalits puncture Gujarat Model AAP ministers exploit women: MLA to Kej... AAP ministers exploit women: MLA to Kejriwal 18-yr-old Bengal girl youngest Indian c... 18-yr-old Bengal girl youngest Indian chosen for NASA project Swamiji’s car kills 3, but he’s his fir... Swamiji’s car kills 3, but he’s his first priority Modi's jibe: Rahul not learning with age Delhi HC grants interim bail to Kanhaiy... Delhi HC grants interim bail to Kanhaiya, asks JNU to ‘right’ his politics POLLCan Diwali be fun without fire crackers? Yes, less pollution No, What's the point in celebrating Diwali without crackers I don't care Pick your favorite and click vote 64 + 2 = MORE POLLS Recent Messages () Please rate before posting your Review 1 (Trash) 1.5 (Poor) 2 (Below average) 2.5 (Average) 3 (Above average) 3.5 (Good) 4 (Very good) 4.5 (Very good +) 5 (Excellent) Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on Twitter SIGN IN WITH Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Bangalore Mirror Ahmedabad Mirror Pune Mirror Times of India Economic Times E-paper M-Paper Lifehacker India Gizmodo India HappyTrips Weekend Getaways from Mumbai Cricbuzz Marathi News Miss Kyra Bombay Times Mumbai Cover Story Crime Civic Others Columns Ask The Sexpert Columns Comments Letter to the Editor Mumbai 001 Columnists Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood TV Music Art & Theatre Books News India World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis F1 Others Others Sunday Read You Sci Tech Health Leisure Photos Entertainment News Sports Technology Videos News Sports Entertainment About Us|Advertise with us|Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy|Privacy Policy Copyright © Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Ignore Google's Pixel Phone -- Here's the Biggest Risk to Apple, Inc. Stock Apple investors should worry less about industry competition than the industry itself. Jamal Carnette (TMFJCar) Oct 7, 2016 at 8:30AM Alphabet's New Google Pixel phone. Image source: Alphabet. Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) new Pixel phone is here. In June, a report from The Telegraph noted the company was looking to "take more control over the design, manufacturing, and software" than in prior years. And it appears Alphabet did that by rebranding the phone with its high-end Pixel designation, killing the Nexus line of phones, and integrating its Google Assistant technology. For more insight into the phone's features and specifications, fellow Fool writer Evan Niu has you covered. Still, Alphabet's foray into smartphones hasn't moved the needle as of now. The company quickly retreated from being an integrated hardware and software provider when it sold its Motorola Mobility division to Lenovo within two years of its purchase after a string of operating losses. Later attempts to leverage its name cache and its ecosystem advantage with the Nexus phone line have produced, by most accounts, strong products that have failed to translate into significant sales. As such, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) should not be as concerned about Alphabet's new Pixel Phone as it should be about a poor outlook for device sales. Gartner's forecast brings (mostly) bad news for Apple Research and advisory firm Gartner recently released its updated worldwide device shipments estimate, and the results are bad news for all device manufacturers. Overall, the combined-shipment totals for tablets, ultra-mobile PCs, and PCs are forecast to drop approximately 3% this year before growing 1% per year through 2018. For a company as tethered to high-margin device sales as Apple is, this is a much bigger risk to the company than industry competition. Device Type 2015 2016 2017 2018 Traditional PCs (Desk-Based and Notebook) 244 216 205 199 Ultramobiles (Premium) 44 49 61 75 PC Market 288 265 266 274 Ultramobiles (Basic and Utility) 196 177 173 173 Computing Devices Market 484 442 439 447 Mobile Phones 1,917 1,887 1,910 1,933 Total Devices Market 2,401 2,329 2,349 2,380 Data source: Gartner. Units are in millions. If there is a single positive in the chart above, it's that the mobile-phone category appears to outperform the entire device market. Gartner expects device shipments to drop only 1.6% this year before growing 1.2% per annum through 2018. These figures are certainly nothing to write home about, but they are marginally better than a declining market. Additionally, the ultramobile PC market, which includes Apple's MacBook Air, is slated for continued strong growth, but it won't be nearly enough to offset higher-margin iPhone weakness, should it continue. Apple could be a beneficiary of overly bearish sentiment Interestingly enough, Apple could be the beneficiary of Gartner's bearish outlook. Versus the greater S&P's price-to-earnings ratio of 25 times, Apple currently trades at a PE ratio of 13 times. In the event Apple is able to register earnings growth above expectations -- even slightly -- valuation repricing could add billions in market capitalization. On the other hand, if Apple only matches prior-year earnings, it's hard to imagine further valuation compression for a company that now trades at half the level of the S&P 500. It's also important for Apple investors to note that market forecasts are not destiny. For years, Apple was able to grow at a faster clip than the overall mobile-phone market as the company continued to gobble up market share. However, if Garter's forecast is accurate, it should be noted that any significant growth will come from riding Apple's coattails, and not from industrywide tailwinds. If Apple is able to bring an exciting new technology to the next iteration of its iPhone, the stock could be tremendously undervalued. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Jamal Carnette owns shares of Alphabet (C shares) and Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A and C shares), Apple, and Gartner. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jamal Carnette (TMFJCar) After working at The Motley Fool, Jamal Carnette decided to try his hand at writing for a change. You can find him writing about technology, consumer goods, sports, and pontificating on any competitive advantage. His previous jobs include Mortgage Trainer, Financial Advisor, and Stockbroker. Jamal graduated from George Mason University with a bachelors of science in finance and is a CFA charterholder. Follow me for tech trends, info on consumer brands, and sports banter. Follow @J_Car_Net Article Info Oct 7, 2016 at 8:30AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $108.43 up $0.64 (0.59%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $771.75 down $-8.54 (-1.09%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $754.02 down $-8.54 (-1.12%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Search for: Facebook Pinterest Twitter YouTube Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf The Best Websites on The Internet Internet The Best Websites on The Internet Rob Nightingale 8 Tips to Effectively Boost Your Wireless Router Signal Technology Explained 8 Tips to Effectively Boost Your Wireless Router Signal Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Instagram Introduces Saved Drafts: Here’s How to Use Them Social Media Instagram Introduces Saved Drafts: Here’s How to Use Them Nancy Messieh October 7, 2016 07-10-2016 1 minute Instagram Introduces Saved Drafts: Here’s How to Use Them Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Ads by Google As Instagram continues to make flashy new changes — like the debut of Instagram Stories How to Use Instagram Stories Effectively: Basics, Tips, and Tricks How to Use Instagram Stories Effectively: Basics, Tips, and Tricks Instagram Stories is the photo-sharing giant's take on Snapchat. The purpose is to add a new layer of fun to your images and videos. Here's everything you need to know. Read More  and unveiling a new logo Apple Named Most Valuable Brand, Instagram Gets a Makeover... [Tech News Digest] Apple Named Most Valuable Brand, Instagram Gets a Makeover... [Tech News Digest] Apple remains the king of all brands, Instagram enjoys a makeover, the sun sets on the Sunrise calendar app, the Nintendo 2DS is getting cheaper, and watch a spear take down a drone. Read More  — some of its more understated, quiet changes are the ones that are really appreciated and contribute to a better user experience. Like the ability to save drafts. You may not have noticed that it’s now possible to save a draft on Instagram for later, and here’s how to do it. To save an Instagram draft, just start creating your post as you would normally and add your filters. Once you’ve added a filter or used Instagram editing features, hitting the back button to return to the previous window will allow you to save your changes. A prompt appears that says, If you go back now, your image edits will be discarded. You can then either choose to discard the changes or hit Save Draft to save your image with edits. If you don’t use Instagram filters, you will have to enter something in the caption field and hit the back button twice in order to be able to save a draft. To access these saved photos, tap the camera button to create a new post, and you’ll find your drafts. To delete drafts, tap Manage > Edit. This is a particularly useful feature if you decide that you want to prepare a caption or hashtags to accompany your photo. If you’ve already made edits and found the perfect filter, you can save that draft and come back to it later without worrying about replicating those edits. Ads by Google What do you think of Instagram’s latest features? Are there any other features on your Instagram wishlist? Let us know in the comments.  Previous Post12 Great Twitter Accounts for Mobile Gamers to FollowNext PostHow to Get Amazon’s Alexa to Read Your Twitter Feed Out Loud and More 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Nancy Messieh 586 articles Nancy is a writer, photographer and editor, living in the DC area with her husband, their greyhound Ella, and Italian greyhound Oliver. Follow here on her personal blog , on Twitter , Pinterest, and Instagram Advertisement Latest Giveaways Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 11, 2016 11-11-2016 Lego Mindstorms EV3 Review and Giveaway Lego Mindstorms EV3 Review and Giveaway Christian Cawley November 8, 2016 08-11-2016 Elephone Elecam 360 Camera Review and Giveaway Elephone Elecam 360 Camera Review and Giveaway James Bruce November 4, 2016 04-11-2016 Advertisement Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Scroll down for the next article © 2016 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Search for: Facebook Pinterest Twitter YouTube Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf The Best Websites on The Internet Internet The Best Websites on The Internet Rob Nightingale 8 Tips to Effectively Boost Your Wireless Router Signal Technology Explained 8 Tips to Effectively Boost Your Wireless Router Signal Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: The Fastest Way to Learn Swift Programming on the Move iPhone and iPad The Fastest Way to Learn Swift Programming on the Move Saikat Basu October 7, 2016 07-10-2016 1 minute The Fastest Way to Learn Swift Programming on the Move Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Ads by Google It’s a good time as any to learn Swift programming and make apps for Apple. Apps coded with Swift run on Macs, Apple Watch, and Apple TV. It is just over two years old and already ranked 13th on the TIOBE Index. Apple’s own push and the freshness of the language are two good reasons to learn it for mobile development. Swift also makes app development more interactive and less overwhelming than the older Objective C. So why shouldn’t you keep an eye on the future and take a stab at it? There are after all many ways to step into the world of Swift. There are websites devoted to Swift The Best Places to Learn Swift, Apple's Programming Language The Best Places to Learn Swift, Apple's Programming Language If you want to learn Swift, now is the time to dive in. The language has a bright future and the faster you learn it, the sooner you'll be able to reap the rewards. Read More and then there are online Swift programming classes Master iOS 10 Programming With 5 Swift Classes Master iOS 10 Programming With 5 Swift Classes Are you thinking of getting get into app development? Maybe, you are still undecided between Android or iOS? Take these Udemy classes to understand the potential of iOS 10 programming. Read More which are great for beginners. But what if you just have a few minutes to spare? TapCoding is a nice way to dip your toes into the basics of the language while on the move. The iOS Swift trainer uses bite-sized interactive lessons to teach mobile programming. Think of it as the “Duolingo for Swift”. The app comes packed with hundreds of code building exercises and other drills to help you grasp the basics.   Ads by Google An Overview of the Exercises There are four ways you can practice: Create code with drag-and-drop. Practice with code in the code editor. Learn concepts with True/False exercises. Detect mistakes in logic or syntax. At each step, TapCoding forces you to learn Swift by actively practicing it. It follows the usual maxim that unless you type code, you won’t learn code. The introductory level with nine lessons is free. But you have to progressively unlock it by maintaining a learning streak. The full curriculum is available as a $6.99 in-app purchase. For $9.99, you can unlock the full curriculum at launch plus future lessons. Download — Swift for iOS (Free, $6.99, or $9.99) What do you think of TapCoding and its microlearning ease? Is it one of the better ways to get introduced to a programming language? Previous Post10 Online Study Hacks for Every College StudentNext PostWhen You Need to Extend an iPhone’s Battery Life, Just Put It Face Down 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Saikat Basu 1447 articles Saikat is a techno-adventurer in a writer's garb. When he is not scouring the net for tech news, you can catch him looking for life hacks and learning tidbits. You can find him on LinkedIn & Twitter watching over the world. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 11, 2016 11-11-2016 Lego Mindstorms EV3 Review and Giveaway Lego Mindstorms EV3 Review and Giveaway Christian Cawley November 8, 2016 08-11-2016 Elephone Elecam 360 Camera Review and Giveaway Elephone Elecam 360 Camera Review and Giveaway James Bruce November 4, 2016 04-11-2016 Advertisement Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Scroll down for the next article © 2016 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
null
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice Printers All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NESClassic SurfaceBook ZuckerbergFakeNews Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Cell Phones/ Google Pixel XL vs. iPhone 7 Plus: Premium Phablet Showdown Google Pixel XL vs. iPhone 7 Plus: Premium Phablet Showdown By Ajay Kumar October 7, 2016 10 Comments The Google Pixel XL is the new top-tier Android phablet. We compare it with the iPhone 7 Plus. The launch of the Google Pixel XL and its smaller sibling marks the first time Android users can really point to one phone as being the best representation of its operating system. In partnership with HTC, Google took a major role in designing the Pixel lineup, to the point that you'll only see Google branding. With the Pixel XL now taking over the emblem of flagship Android phablet, we put it against the Apple iPhone 7 Plus to see how the two super-sized phones compare. Name Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Apple iPhone 7 Plus   Lowest Price %displayPrice% %seller% $649.00 MSRP %displayPrice% %seller% $769.00 MSRP %displayPrice% %seller% $769.00 MSRP Editor Rating   Operating System as Tested Android 7.1 (Nougat) Android 7.1 (Nougat) iOS 10 CPU Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 Apple A10 Dimensions 5.6 by 2.7 by 0.3 inches 6.1 by 3.0 by 0.3 inches 6.23 by 3.07 by 0.29 inches Weight 5.4 oz 5.9 oz 6.63 oz Screen Size 5 inches 5.5 inches 5.5 inches Screen Type AMOLED Quad HD AMOLED Retina Screen Resolution 1,920 by 1,080 pixels 2,560 by 1,440 pixels 1,920 by 1,080 pixels Screen Pixels Per Inch 441 ppi 543 ppi 401 ppi Camera Resolution 12.3MP Rear, 8MP Front-Facing 12.3MP Rear, 8MP Front-Facing Dual 12MP Rear, 7MP Front-Facing Wireless Specification 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac Bluetooth Version 4.2 4.2 4.2 NFC Yes Yes Yes   Read the Review Read the Review Read the Review Design, Features, and Display Google's inspiration for the Pixel XL's design is immediately apparent; it looks like a hybrid between the iPhone 7 Plus and 6s Plus. It has a metal unibody similar to both iPhones, the characteristic antenna lines from 6s Plus, the same camera placement (absent the hump), two bottom-firing speakers like the 7 Plus, and a sizable bezel on the top and bottom lip of the phone. allowfullscreen</g>" gr_="" gr_315="" gr-alert="" gr_spell="" gr_run_anim="" contextualspelling="" ins-del="" multireplace="" id="315" data-gr-id="315">allowfullscreen</g>?wmode=transparent"> The big differences are that the 7 Plus features a haptic Home button/fingerprint scanner on the front, while the Pixel XL has the fingerprint sensor on the back. Both phones have their charging ports on the bottom—USB-C for the Pixel XL and Lightning for the 7 Plus. The XL retains the 3.5mm headphone jack that Apple dropped from its iPhone 7 lineup. There are some small distinguishing qualities, like a panel of glass that partially covers the back of the XL, as well as the placement of the power button and volume rocker on the right. Either way, both phones are fairly similar in overall dimensions. The Pixel XL measures 6.1 by 3.0 by 0.3 inches (HWD) and weighs 5.9 ounces, while the 7 Plus (6.2 by 3.1 by 0.3 inches) comes in heavier at 6.6 ounces. Neither are really phones you can use one-handed, so be sure your thumb is ready to stretch to reach the opposite side. When it comes to physical features, the biggest difference between the two phones is waterproofing. The iPhone 7 Plus has it, the Pixel XL does not. The 7 Plus is IP67 waterproof, letting it survive for 30 minutes under three feet of water. The displays on both devices are 5.5 inches, but their panels are fairly different. The Pixel XL has a 2,560-by-1,440 Quad HD AMOLED display, giving it a rich pixel density of 534ppi. That's much sharper than the 1,920-by-1,080 Retina display on the iPhone 7 Plus, which only has 401ppi. That said, both displays have their strengths and weakness. The 7 Plus's panel is extraordinarily well-calibrated, bright, and has a wide color gamut. It benefits from excellent viewing angles and visibility in direct sunlight. In contrast, AMOLED panels benefit from true black, lighting pixels only as necessary, giving it somewhat richer and more saturated colors and battery savings. Both should look good in their own right. Processor and Battery The Pixel XL is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 processor with 4GB of RAM, and comes with 32GB or 128GB of internal storage. It's a chipset we expect to be more powerful than the Snapdragon 820 processor, which we've regularly benchmarked on AnTuTu (to test overall system performance) as scoring in the 120k to 150k range. The XL should also benefit from Google's lightweight Android UI. The Apple A10 Fusion processor is the fastest processor available on a phone in the US, and the fastest one we've tested. We found it to be 40 percent faster than the Snapdragon 820, taking advantage of two high-performance cores clocked at 2.3GHz and two low-power cores for applications like Bluetooth audio. We'll need to do our own testing, but preliminary benchmarks show that the Snapdragon 821 is significantly outmatched by the A10's Fusion processor in both multi-core performance and single core performance. Again, these are early unverified results, so stay posted for our own testing. Battery life is another factor that's hard to test without having the phone. For its part, the iPhone 7 Plus has a 2,900mAh cell under the hood, giving it a solid battery runtime of six hours during our rundown test, where we stream full-screen video over LTE at maximum brightness. The Pixel XL has a larger 3,450mAh battery, but as we've noted in our previous reviews, testing Android phones against iPhones in terms of battery life is particularly difficult because iPhones tend to have more power-hungry screens with a higher maximum brightness, but Android devices bleed more energy with background processes. Camera Camera performance is shaping up to the biggest factor when it comes to differentiating between the iPhone 7 Plus and the Pixel XL. On paper, the XL has a 12.3-megapixel rear-facing sensor with a f/2.0 aperture, laser autofocus, and dual-LED flash. It's capable of recording in 4K at 30fps and has an 8-megapixel front camera. Google has also emphasized the time and effort it spent in perfecting the camera for low-light shots. There's no OIS, but video is stabilized by using the gyroscope. The iPhone 7 Plus is an excellent shooter. It has two 12-megapixel rear cameras on the back, one with OIS and another with 2x optical zoom. There's also a 7-megapixel front camera. It's not quite as sharp as the Galaxy S7's camera in our lab tests, but it's still one of the best sensors you can get. The use of the optical zoom also gives it much finer detail than the digital zoom of rival Android phones. The 7 Plus is capable of 4K video recording. However, the Pixel XL did top DxOmark's ranking, scoring 89, which is better than the 86 scored by the iPhone 7, which has the same 12-megapixel primary camera. We'll be putting both phones to the test in a shootout when we get our hands on the XL. Software Android and iOS are dramatically different platforms, but they've drawn closer in recent years. The general rule of thumb has been that if you prefer to customize every aspect of your phone, then Android is the way to go. On the other hand, iOS is preferable for a less fragmented experience, better app support, and more reliable updates. This may not be true for the Google Pixel XL. It comes running a version of Android 7.0 Nougat and will get updates directly from Google, so you can expect to be first to get new versions of Android. It also incldues 24/7 live customer support on the phone itself, and can take advantage of Google's advanced machine learning protocols for Google Assistant. However, this also means you may not get the same flexibility and degree of control you used to on Nexus devices like the 6P and 5X since Google is keeping a tighter grip on the OS. allowfullscreen</g>"> The iPhone 7 Plus runs iOS 10, which is very much Apple's own closed garden ecosystem. It comes with revamped messages, effects, third-party app integration, improved widgets, actionable notifications, an improved photos apps, and the ability to delete Apple's pre-installed apps. There's definitely been a convergence in terms of features and functionality between both platforms, and the Google Pixel XL only makes the gap even smaller. Price and Conclusions The Google Pixel XL comes in three colors—Very Silver, Quite Black, and the limited-edition Really Blue—at a starting price of $769 for its 32GB model. The 128GB model is $100 more, at $869. It is available for pre-order through the Google Store, Verizon, and Best Buy. //Related Articles Hands On: Google's Pixel Smartphone The iPhone 7 Plus is almost identically priced. It comes in jet black, black, silver, gold and rose gold. Its 32GB model is $769, 128GB is $869, and 256GB is $969. It's clear that with its pricing, Google is trying to position the Pixel XL as a legitimate competitor to the iPhone 7 Plus. We'll have to reserve judgment on if Google succeeds in this endeavor when we get the Pixel XL to test here at PC Labs, so stay tuned for our full review. Fo more, check out how the Pixel stacks up against the Samsung Galaxy S7. Back to top Previous : Google Pixel Phones Tap Into Google Assistant, Daydream VR By Ajay Kumar Mobile Analyst Ajay Kumar is PCMag's Analyst obsessed with all things mobile. Ajay reviews phones, tablets, accessories, and just about any other gadget that can be carried around with you. In his spare time he games on the rig he built himself, collects Nintendo amiibos, and tries his hand at publishing a novel. Follow Ajay on Twitter @Ajay_H_Kumar. More » More Stories by Ajay HTC Bolt The HTC Bolt for Sprint looks like a promising alternative to the Pixel XL with hi-fi audio, waterpr... More » Alcatel Idol 4S With Windows 10 VR The Alcatel Idol 4S is a sleek Windows phone packed with powerful hardware, productivity features, a... More » Google Pixel If you lust after the latest Android software and cool new features in the Google Pixel XL, but are ... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Everything Coming to Netflix in November What Is USB-C? An Explainer MacBook Pro 2016: Should You Upgrade? How to Launch Windows Without Entering a Password 7 Games You'll Want to Buy in November »See More //Related Reviews Apple iPhone 7 Plus Blu Life One X (Unlocked) HTC 10 Motorola Moto Z Force Droid The Best Phones of 2016 //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
null
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Apple > iWorld > iPhone FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! iPhone Sales Likely to Drop This Year Before New Boom in 2017 GO Gartner estimates weaker sales for iPhone lineup this year Oct 7, 2016 12:27 GMT  ·  By Bogdan Popa  ·  Share:  Apple has already launched the iPhone 7 lineup, but this isn’t going to stop the company from experiencing weaker sales this year, according to a new report by Gartner. The analyst firm explains that the smartphone growth will slow down this year, and Apple itself won’t reach the same figures as last year because “volumes stabilize after a very strong 2015.” Apple hasn’t provided any first-weekend sales for the iPhone 7, but the device was already sold out in large markets shortly after its launch - Apple, however, couldn’t align production with demand, so it’s believed that only a few units actually arrived in stores after the launch. All eyes on the 2017 iPhone Gartner, however, believes that the iPhone 7 won’t help too much for this year’s figures, but Cupertino is very likely to experience another boom in 2017, mostly thanks to a completely overhauled iPhone model. The 2017 iPhone, which is an anniversary model as the iPhone turns 10, is expected to come with major upgrades over the existing generation, including an OLED screen, a glass-made body, plus front-facing parts integrated into the screen. All these changes will make the iPhone lineup much more compelling, Gartner says, because they “are attractive enough to convince more replacement buyers.” The iPhone 7 is not expected to generate the same excitement in the existing iPhone userbase, mostly because of the design similar to the 6s generation, so Apple has to wait until the next model to upgrade more users who still retain their older models. As far as the rest of the smartphone market is concerned, Gartner claims that overall sales will total 1.5 billion units, a decline of 1.6 percent from the previous year. Android will continue to benefit from affordable models manufactured in China, but Gartner estimates that the premium smartphone sector will decline 1.1 percent in 2016, before eventually returning to 3.5 percent growth next year. #Apple#iPhone 7#iPhone#Android subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Apple iPhone 6 Plus Explodes in the Middle of the Night While Charging Bezel-Less iPhone 8 Previewed by New Sharp Concept Phone Apple Releases Second Beta of iOS 10.1, watchOS 3.1, and tvOS 10.0.1 to Devs - Updated iPhone 7 Undergoes Camera Scratch Resistance Test As Apple Says It Used Sapphire Five Great Calendar Apps for Android HP Elite X3 with Windows 10 Mobile: The PC Experience Motorola DROID Turbo 3 with 16MP Hasselblad Camera Leaks in Press Renders New Photo of the x86 Windows 10 Mobile Phone Gets Leaked Nikon Updates Firmware for Its COOLPIX A300 Camera - Get Version 1.2 Microsoft Releases Interactive Mail Notifications for All Windows 10 Users KDE Neon Users Urged to Upgrade Their Systems or Reinstall the Linux Distro Budgie 11 Desktop Environment to Feature a Dock Mode for the Panel, Richer UI - Exclusive    iPhone 7 Plus in Black and Rose Gold new ios apps NeuroNation: Train your brain to improve your memory and focus with NeuroNation Flipagram: Create cool videos by mixing up your photos with music Timer+: Set up dozens of timers and control them all with ease Nutshell Camera: Create some pretty cool videos with Nutshell Camera IKEA Catalogue: Check out the IKEA Catalogue for more than just furniture Complete: Complete puts a social twist to your regular to-do list/ task manager WebMD Baby: WebMD Baby offers help in how to best tend to your baby Reader comments More Evidence Shows iPhone 8 Could Feature Revolutionary Wireless Charging more on: Apple i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Boffins find Galaxy making killer radiation, rule out Samsung phone as source Australia teases binning x86 for Power CPUs in new supercomputer Google BigQuery TITSUP caused by failure to scale-yer workloads CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Australia teases binning x86 for Power CPUs in new supercomputer Google BigQuery TITSUP caused by failure to scale-yer workloads Firewalls snuffed by 'BlackNurse' Ping of Death attack SimpliVity results scream 'I'm perfect for you, HPE!' Mark Zuckerberg is dead – Facebook confirmed Software biz boss on harassment charges represents himself, says I want a jury Google's crusade to make mobile web apps less, well, horrible Slacker or Team playa? Microsoft's Mr Business takes on messaging's corporate raider Your body reveals your password by interfering with WiFi Russia shoves antitrust probe into Microsoft after Kaspersky gripes about Windows 10 Join the Q: British intel agencies seek tech-savvy apprentices Russian banks floored by withering DDoS attacks The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Synopsys buys Cigital in secure DevOps push Policy The Channel Former Autonomy CFO indicted in USA for misleading investors Zuckerberg says just one per cent of news on Facebook is fake FCC wants a word with AT&T about that zero-rated DirecTV streaming Facebook agrees to dial back 'racial affinity' ads Google's new VR Daydream View will cripple your phone Google: If you think we're bad, you should take a look at Apple Sony: Get out Comedy Central, MTV – we've built a wall around Vue, the greatest wall ever Sega MegaDrive/Genesis lives again, in Brazil! SPB Geek's Guide Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Boffins find Galaxy making killer radiation, rule out Samsung phone as source CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north 2016 in a nutshell: Boffins break monkeys' backs to turn them into tragic shuffling cyborgs Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Race for wireless VR headset heats up Yeah, that '50bn IoT devices by 2020' claim is a load of dog toffee Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Brace yourselves! Blighty is turning to AI for help Verity Stob Spain's Prime Minister wants to ban internet memes. No, really A cardboard desk? I won’t stand for it (actually I will) Kotkin: Why Trump won Japanese cops arrest serial 'foot licker' More like this Cisco Networks Business The Channel Cisco exec: Is our networking gear exciting? Yeah, like 'sewage' Pong is less, well pongy, since we dabbed on l'eau de Apple 7 Oct 2016 at 12:05, Paul Kunert Paul Kunert Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Results, Cloud, Channel, Hp, Microsoft Recent Articles Brexflation: Lenovo, HPE and Walkers crisps all set for double-digit hike Fujitsu staffers strike over pay, job security and pensions What the Dell? NAND flash drought hits Texan monster – sources Canalys Channels Forum 2016 Cisco’s head of Europe, Middle East, Africa and Russia has joked that selling enterprise networking is about as exciting as raw effluence, or at least it was until Apple sprinkled, er, magic dust on its tech plumbing. The firms linked arms last autumn to work on tighter tech integration, largely around wireless, security and collaboration. This happened months after IBM and Apple had a special moment of their own. Talking to resellers and distributors at the Canalys Channel Forum in Barcelona, Edwin Paalvast tried to explain the reasons for the tie-up with Cupertino. “Just for the people to understand why Apple. First of all, for us it is very hard to sell an experience about a network, it is about as exciting as a sewerage system if you look at what we are building,” he said. He said the world’s largest seller of networking gear was very pleased to have “Apple come along and say that the network is really relevant”. There’s nothing like peer group validation, eh? One of the aims of the relationship is to make iOS device run more smoothly on corporate networks - historically an iPhone will look for the strongest radio signal and doesn’t check if the link is 1GB or 100KB. “We can now look at the best access point,” said Paalvast, “the access point that gives you the best quality of service, and then to be able to distinguish the different applications and if you run voice or video it will actually make sure it runs much better.” Cisco has also integrated the Spark collaboration service with Apple’s iOS X - it is now available to buy in iTunes. Paalvast reckoned its alliance with Apple has shone the light ahead of the handset makers who are “waking up and thinking, ‘wait a minute, we need something like it’”. “This will drive the market. It is driving the relevance of the network, so the discussion about why to upgrade and why you need it actually becomes a little bit more sexy.” Is there nothing that Apple can’t do… aside from sharing the love with El Reg reporters? ® Sponsored: Transforming software delivery with DevOps Tips and corrections 2 Comments More from The Register Cisco's OpenStack cloud drops Pokémon-clone name We warned that 'Metapod' had trademark issues. Which is why it's now called 'Metacloud' 3 Comments Cisco's cloud whisperer CTO Zorawar Biri Singh blows free 'Speed and growth' needed, not 'thought leadership' as thousands axed 2 Comments Cisco snaps shut remote pwnage hole in Cloud Services Platform Flaw allowed hijacking via HTTP snippets 2 Comments Clouds will gather again after wispy Q1, says IDC Lots more switches, a little more servers and storage Cisco president: We've lost to AWS et al on the public cloud Canalys Channels Forum 2016 But by god we're developing some niches. Starting with shoe-based analytics 15 Comments IDC's abacus fiddlers say a third of all IT spend goes on cloud Number crunching exercise shows what we all suspected 4 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Assuring application performance at scale Empowering data center operators with an open and programmable network that easily scales to thousands of compute and storage nodes. Securing Productivity in the Borderless Enterprise Before you transform your business with mobility services, you need to consider both the management and security challenges you’ll face from the combination of mobile devices and cloud-based apps. Bullet-proofing Office 365 with MAX Mail Security is a constantly evolving challenge. The Internet is a melting-pot of threats, which mutate as quickly as security companies do their best to stop them. Most read Your body reveals your password by interfering with WiFi Physicists create the world's tiniest magnifying glass to see atomic bonds 2016 in a nutshell: Boffins break monkeys' backs to turn them into tragic shuffling cyborgs Race for wireless VR headset heats up CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north Spotlight Broadcom would certainly be broader with Brocade on board EMC Dell deal: They're loved up and living together, but whose house rules? NSA, GCHQ and even Donald Trump are all after your data British jobs for British people: UK tech rejects PM May’s nativist hiring agenda Big Mickey Dell is wrong: Cloud ain't going to eat all of IT Will Microsoft's nerd goggles soar like an Eagle, or flop like a turkey? First look at Windows Server 2016: 'Cloud for the masses'? We'll be the judge of that Rage-making, anxiety-inducing tech distributors: An ode Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null


site_header en de fr ja pt zh NEXEDI flexibility for your business header_title Why we are suing Apple for better HTML5 support in iOS? breadcrumb Home Blog Why we are suing Apple for better HTML5 support in iOS? profile_document Nexedi is willing to help improving HTML5 support in the iOS platform. To achieve this we are launching a lawsuit against Apple so that developers of Web browsers with better HTML5 support than Apple's Webkit can publish their applications on Apple Appstore. Last Update:2016-10-07 Version:002 Language:en Page Content Today, the French press announced that Nexedi was suing Apple. I will explain here why Nexedi took this decision. Helping Apple to better support HTML5 The primary reason for starting this lawsuit is because we hope that it will help Apple to sooner support the latest Web and HTML5 standards on its iOS platform - the operating system used by all iPhones. Anyone running html5test (http://html5test.com/) on his iPhone will find out that current iOS support of HTML5 Web technologies is lagging behind other platforms. This situation is not new. The progress of iOS in terms of HTML5 support is slower than for other platforms. The gap between iOS and other smartphones in terms of HTML5 support is extending rather than closing. In the early 90s I have been an Apple developer myself. At that time Apple personal computers had the best support for TCP/IP and the Web. Other platforms such as Windows were lagging behind. Apple platforms could support more multimedia formats than others, even including Unix workstations. Nowadays it seems to be the opposite. Below is a list of the things impossible to do with an iPhone as of October 2016 but which work on about any other platform: Run OfficeJS HTML5 spreadsheet in offline mode (lack of support for service workers) Participate in a Hubl.in HTML5 online conference (lack of support for web RTC) Watch videos in webm format (lack of support for webm) Improving iOS HTML5 support: Apple does not allow us The reason why iOS does not support HTML5 technologies is related to the current state of Safari web browser. Safari is also lagging behind on the MacOS desktop platform. What we usually do at Nexedi to handle this situation is to recommend our users or customers to install a different web browser on MacOS so that they get better HTML5 support. We tried the same approach on iOS. We tried using Chrome on iOS and found that support of HTML5 by Chrome on iOS was the roughly the same as support of HTML5 by Safari on iOS. In other terms, Chrome on iOS is lagging behind Chrome on any other platform. How is that possible? After searching blogs and news, we ended up reading the contract that Apple is requesting developers to approve to join their AppStore. In its French version, it states that Apple does not allow publishing any application in their appstore that downloads and executes software - with the exeception of Apple's own Webkit (in French: "Webkit intégré d’Apple"). A Web browser is an application that, among other things, downloads and executes Javascript code. It is thus not allowed to publish a Web browser in Apple's AppStore unless this Web browser is based on Apple's own Webkit library. This is why the Chrome Web browser on iOS relies on Apple's own Webkit library rather than on the more modern Blink library used on all other platforms. This is the reason Chrome's HTML5 support on iOS is roughly the same as Safari. We would be delighted at Nexedi to create a Web browser for iOS with better HTML5 support based on a recent version of Blink library for example. But as soon as we would publish it, it would be banned from Apple's AppStore. Many developers have experienced this situation already. Many companies are being hurt by this situation. Some companies have already begged Apple to improve HTML5 support in iOS with little significant results. Abandoning iOS: Not an Option We once considered proposing to our clients looking for better HTML5 support to stop using iPhones and iOS. Afterall an equivalent Android smartphone with better HTML5 support is barely more than 100€. But this is not really an option because in some important market segments iPhones are the dominant devices with a loyal user base. iPhones are used everywhere - from executives worldwide to the upper middle class in China, so stopping to support iOS in our solutions would mean stopping support for one of the largest markets in the world (China) as well as the market segment that eventually decides to pay our invoices (executives worlwide). Abandonning iOS is thus not an option. Backporting HTML5 Code to iOS: Wasted Innovation For now the only short term option viable for Nexedi is to circumvent the limitations of HTML5 support in Apple's iOS. This effort is steadily increasing. The same effort that we are spending now on supporting iOS by backporting HTML5 code could be used to provide any of the following free software solutions: a Web Browser for iOS with much better HTML5 support a Free HTML5 accounting package for small businesses that runs offline in their browser a Free HTML5 video editor that can run offline a Free HTML5 music production system that can run offline a Massive Open Online Course (MOOC) to teach how to deploy ERP5 accounting a Free decentralized instant messaging system that everyone can participate without installing anything on their PC or smartphone a Free blockchain system that everyone can participate without installing anything on their PC or smartphone etc. The day Apple lets us publish a browser based on the HTML5 library of our choice, we will divert the effort we are currently spending into backporting HTML5 code to one of the projects listed above. Civil Law is our Friend Considering the situation of HTML5 on iOS and the effort that is wasted at Nexedi and beyond, we have decided to research the possibility of using Law to help Apple open the doors of its AppStore to Web browsers with better HTML5 support. A few years ago, France passed a Law to protect small companies such as Nexedi against large companies that try to impose unbalanced contracts. The precise words are: "déséquilibre significatif entre les droits et obligations des parties". Nexedi and our Lawyer (J-B. Soufron at FWPA) believe this situation applies to Apple's AppStore contract. Not allowing the publication in Apple's AppStore of web browsers that are not based on Apple's own Webkit raises in our opinion the same issues as if Carrefour (a company similar to Walmart) was not selling any beans but those based on Carrefour's seeds. This may be legal in other countries but in France, it is most likely not. Thanks to Civil Law it is more difficult in France than in the USA to get a ruling that contradicts the wording of the law. We thus have some hopes that this lawsuit will lead to a better situation for HTML5 support on iOS. Contact Jean-Paul Smets jp (at) nexedi (dot) com Jean-Paul Smets is the founder and CEO of Nexedi. After graduating in mathematics and computer science at ENS (Paris), he started his career as a civil servant at the French Ministry of Economy. He then left government to start a small company called “Nexedi” where he developed his first Free Software, an Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) designed to manage the production of swimsuits in the not-so-warm but friendly north of France. ERP5 was born. In parallel, he led with Hartmut Pilch (FFII) the successful campaign to protect software innovation against the dangers of software patents. The campaign eventually succeeeded by rallying more than 100.000 supporters and thousands of CEOs of European software companies (both open source and proprietary). The Proposed directive on the patentability of computer-implemented inventions was rejected on 6 July 2005 by the European Parliament by an overwhelming majority of 648 to 14 votes, showing how small companies can together in Europe defeat the powerful lobbying of large corporations. Since then, he has helped Nexedi to grow either organically or by investing in new ventures led by bright entrepreneurs. Sven Franck sven (dot) franck (at) nexedi (dot) com related_documents discussions site_footer Company About Values Customers Innovation Free Software Career Contact Services ERP5 Enterprise SlapOS Managed Cloud Wendelin Managed Big Data News Twitter Facebook Blog Press Success Cases Related Sites One Student One ERP Open Source / Free Software JIO RenderJS OfficeJS SlapOS NEO re6st 沪ICP备14008524号
null
  Asus Zenbook 3 UX390UA MSRP $1,599.99 As low as $1,599.99 at Amazon Buy now   DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Asus Zenbook 3 UX390UA review Asus’ Zenbook 3 beats Apple’s MacBook at its own game DT Recommended Product Fast, slim, and handsome, Asus’ Zenbook 3 is the super-slim laptop to beat. Fast, slim, and handsome, Asus’ Zenbook 3 is the super-slim laptop to beat. Fast, slim, and handsome, Asus’ Zenbook 3 is the super-slim laptop to beat. Highs Attractive, slim, light chassis Excellent touchpad High-contrast 1080p display Strong CPU and SSD performance Strong battery life (for its class) Lows Mediocre keyboard Just one USB Type-C port Expensive DT Editors' Rating 8.0 DT Recommended Product Scores Explained Home > Product Reviews > Laptop Reviews > Asus Zenbook 3 UX390UA review By Matt Smith Posted on 10.05.16 Research Center: Asus Zenbook 3 UX390UA Last year, Apple announced the MacBook, a super-slim system that defined the company’s vision for future portable PCs. You’d normally expect copycats to appear, but they’ve been slow. Only HP’s Spectre might be targeted with that accusation – and now, Asus’ Zenbook 3. Asus’ hasn’t just copied Apple’s plan. Instead, the company has improved it. Though thinner than the MacBook, the Zenbook 3 offers 7th-generation Intel Core processors of the Core i5 and Core i7 line. It also can be equipped with more memory. We think the Zenbook 3 looks better than the MacBook, which is comparatively plain. Our review unit, the high-end model with Core i7, 16GB of memory and a 512GB solid state drive, retails for $1,600. The entry-level model with Core i5, and half the RAM and hard drive space, is $1,100. Surprisingly, only the latter pair undercuts the MacBook. The flagship review unit we tested exactly matches the price of Apple’s most expensive MacBook. It’s also more expensive than a similar HP Spectre. Clearly, Asus thinks it has a winner here, and doesn’t plan to use price as a crutch. But does the Zenbook 3 have what it takes to be the most super of the super-thin laptops? Blue and gold Reactions were mixed when we unboxed the Zenbook 3. Some of our staff found it beautiful, but others were disappointed by the similarities to the MacBook. The two do indeed look very similar, though to be fair, there’s only so many ways to make a 12.5-inch that’s just .47 inches thick look unique. Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Zenbook fans will be happy to know the company’s popular “hairline spun concentric metal circle pattern” is present. It looks better than it sounds, providing a subtle etching to the lid that’s more alluring than a matte finish. It’s perhaps too subtle, though, as many didn’t seem to notice it until it was pointed out. Deeper etching might’ve helped to ward off accusations that Asus is playing the copycat. Related: Lenovo Ideapad 710S review Our review unit was also handsomely tailored in blue-and-gold, a look that’s distinctive but not garish. Copycat or no, we think the Zenbook 3 looks better than both the MacBook, which is comparatively plain, and the HP Spectre, which is so extravagant it borders on tacky. One port wonder The Zenbook 3 has a USB 3.1 Type-C port and a headphone jack. Its four speakers surprised us with strong, loud audio. Yep, that’s it. Unlike the HP Spectre, which at least offered two additional Type-C ports, the Zenbook 3 forces you to get by with one, just like the MacBook. That means you’d better like dongles. The simplicity of a single port has its allure. And we like that it makes charging the device easier, since users are no longer tied to a proprietary charging jack. Still, it’s hard to see this as anything but a negative. You can get by with one port, but it will inconvenience you sooner or later. The touchpad forgives the keyboard HP Spectre set the bar for keyboard quality in a thin-and-light when it appeared in July, thanks to reasonable key travel and a spacious layout. The Zenbook 3 tries to keep up to HP’s standard with a chiclet design that offers a .8 millimeter keystroke, but it falls short. The problem’s not key travel, but rather feel. Each stroke ends abruptly, which leads to a typing-on-wood sensation. It’s not as bad as with the MacBook, and we did eventually get used to it, but picky typists won’t be satisfied. Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Backlighting is standard, and it looks slick. There’s three levels of lighting available, and the LEDs light most keys evenly. Light leak is minimal, peaking out only behind a few function row keys. And the color of our blue-on-gold unit’s backlighting was gold, rather than the typical white. That’s a nice touch. Speaking of touch — the touchpad is awesome. It’s large, and offers a glass surface that rivals Apple’s much-lauded smoothness. Multi-touch gestures work brilliantly, which helps the Zenbook 3 make full use of new gestures (like the three-finger Cortana tap) recently introduced to Windows 10. Only 1080p, but that’s okay Resolution is one area where the Zenbook 3 doesn’t live up to the MacBook, or some competitors. It has a 1080p display – just like HP’s Spectre. Battery life is likely the main reason. Higher display resolutions draw more power. Still, the display’s 176 pixels per inch is respectable, if not quite up to “Retina” levels of sharpness. The difference in quality relative to more pixel-dense displays is hard to notice at a glance, though closer examination challenges that. Luckily, the display excels in metrics aside from resolution. Its maximum brightness of 358 lux is solid, and leads to an overall maximum contrast ratio of 900:1. That beats the HP Spectre, which hit a contrast ratio of 760:1. We weren’t able to measure the MacBook because our test software was only compatible with Windows (at the time). The Zenbook 3’s average color error came in at 3.58. In this metric a lower number is better. The HP Spectre has the Asus beat with its excellent color error of only 1.58. The Zenbook 3 does will in color gamut tests, though, displaying 76 percent of the AdobeRGB standard. That’s slightly better than the Spectre, which hit a mediocre 71 percent. Put simply, the Spectre displays color more accurately, but the Zenbook 3 can display more colors. All these numbers add up to a display that’s good, if not great. Blue and red hues looked tepid to our eyes, but the sharp look and solid contrast ratio made up for that problem with crisp, vibrant reproduction of photos and video. Audio performance This is a thin laptop, so we didn’t expect much from the speakers. The Zenbook 3’s endurance competes well in its class.   We were very, very surprised. The Zenbook 3’s four speakers – two at the front edge, and two near the display – are excellent. They face towards the user, which bolsters their modest output, and do an excellent job of resisting distortion. Surprisingly, they even produced a tinny version of bass. It won’t be great for dubstep enthusiasts, but it’s way better than expected. Processor performance Our top-shelf Asus Zenbook 3 came with Intel’s Core i7-7500U, part of the latest processor generation. Despite the size of this laptop, the i7-7500U is a full-fat, dual-core chip, with a thermal design power of 15 watts. It’s the same as you’d find in much thicker laptops. As you can see, the new Core i7-7500U is fast. Very fast. It’s a bit surprising, given that Intel made extremely modest claims about the processor’s capabilities. Here we see the Zenbook 3 easily defeating even HP’s Spectre, which we reviewed with a Core i7-6500U. The most impressive result is Handbrake, where the Zenbook 3 defeats the Spectre by cranking through a 4K video file encode 15 percent more quickly. In fact, the Zenbook 3 is the fastest dual-core notebook we’ve reviewed since the Sony Vaio Flip Z, and in the top three mobile dual-core laptops we’ve ever reviewed. We weren’t able to include the MacBook in these results due to differences in our test suite between now and then. However, public results from Geekbench 3 show the MacBook (2016) earning hitting a single-core score of 2,995, and a multi-core score of 5,705. The Zenbook 3 has a definite edge over that, especially in the multi-core test. Hard drive performance A Toshiba solid state drive lurked inside our Zenbook 3. Its presence isn’t a shocker, but we’ve seen an endless parade of Samsung drives as of late. It’s nice to have some variety. And, as it turns out, the Toshiba drive is a performer. The HP Spectre is again the main competitor. Compared to it, the Zenbook 3 is slower in read speeds, but faster in write speed. That means opening large files may be faster on the Spectre, but saving large files may work better on the Asus. Realistically, though, both machines achieve fantastic scores. Programs load in the blink of an eye, and files transfer as quickly as on any PC available today. Storage performance is not a bottleneck with either system. Graphics performance Though Intel did update its Core line to the 7th-generation, the company did not revise the Intel HD Graphics component found on-board. The Intel HD 620 on the Zenbook 3 should perform similarly to last generation’s Intel HD 520. In fact, in our testing, it proved rather slow. And so we find this slim system’s one performance blemish. It’s no good for gaming. The Fire Strike score of 620 is among the lowest we’ve seen from a high-end notebook, dipping noticeably below even other systems powered by Intel HD graphics. We’re doubtful that this represents a problem with Intel HD 620 itself. Instead, we think the Zenbook 3 is throttling based on heat generated by intense gaming. That seems the likely explanation, because gaming performance over time was often unreliable. Related: HP Spectre review The poor 3D Mark score was backed up by real-world gaming. Counter-Strike: Global Offensive averaged only 52 frames per second at 1080p resolution with all detail settings at low, AA turned off, and texture filtering at bilinear. Turning detail up to high dropped the framerate to an unplayable average of 16 frames per second. Asus Zenbook 3 UX390UA Compared To Microsoft Surface Book with… Acer Swift 7 SF713-51-M90J Lenovo ThinkPad X260 Dell Precision 15 3510 Lenovo Ideapad 710S HP Spectre Acer Aspire S 13 S5-371-52JR Samsung Notebook 9 900X5L-K02 Dell XPS 13 (Skylake) Dell Latitude 12 LG Gram 15 Z960 Samsung Notebook 9 Pro… Asus Zenbook UX501VW-DS71T Toshiba Satellite Radius 12… Dell Inspiron 15 7000 (Late 2015) The battery won’t last forever, but it’s good enough Small laptops, like small phones, continue to have a troubled relationship with battery life. There’s no replacement for capacity, and reducing size means less room for precious watt-hours. The Zenbook 3 is no exception. Its 40 watt-hour unit is respectable, but quite far behind systems like the Dell XPS 13, which fits a 60 watt-hour battery in its latest version. Still, the Zenbook 3’s battery is almost the same size as the MacBook, and a tad bigger than the HP Spectre’s 38 watt-hour unit. Still, the Zenbook 3’s battery life is respectable. It lasted six hours and 51 minutes in our web browsing macro loop, which simulates browsing by loading pages frequently, with pauses in between. That’s over an hour better than the HP Spectre, which lasted five hours and 28 minutes. It’s way better than the Razer Blade Stealth. That laptop’s 4K display drug it down to three and a half hours. Our video loop, which replay a 1080p clip until the battery dies, extended endurance a hair past 10 hours. That’s great, and again better than the Zenbook 3’s PC competition. Testing we conducted on the MacBook isn’t an apples-to-apples comparison with the Zenbook 3. However, we think users will find the battery life roughly equivalent. Apple claims 10 hours of life for the MacBook, but as we noted in our review, that seemed a charitable figure. Power users may be annoyed by the Zenbook 3’s inability to last for eight hours of web browsing. The fact remains that if you want that, you need to buy a bigger laptop with a bigger battery. Still, Asus’ slim system competes well in its class. It gets hot! Placing a Core i7 processor in a laptop less than an inch thick inevitably leads to heat. At idle, the Zenbook 3 hits 103.8 degrees Fahrenheit. That’s hotter than just about every notebook we’ve tested this year. Under load, external temperatures can hit an uncomfortable 117.6 degrees. Bill Roberson/Digital Trends The heat is concentrated in a specific spot on the upper-right of the keyboard, which reduces the problem. Other areas can be up to twenty degrees cooler. Still, you’re going to get sweaty palms if you use the Zenbook 3 under heavy load. Fan noise is noticeable, but not overly loud. The ideal peak was 42.8 decibels, which increased slightly to 44.6 decibels at load. The HP Spectre and Acer Aspire S 13 were quieter by a couple decibels while other thin laptops, like the Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga, were a couple decibels louder. Warranty Asus’ ships the Zenbook 3 with the usual one-year warranty. Though it’s always disappointing to see that on an expensive piece of hardware, the competition does no better. Our take The Asus Zenbook 3 was a long time coming. We first heard of it all the way back at Computex, held in early June. We heard of it again at IFA, held in early September. A long tease builds up anticipation, and heightens expectations. Fortunately, the Zenbook 3 meets them – and it’s perhaps the best example yet of a PC maker beating Apple at its own game. The DT Accessory Pack Timbuk2 Command Laptop Messenger Bag $86.00 Logitech M510 Wireless Mouse $19.95 SAVFY 12 - 12.9 Inch Sleeve Cover $17.99 What are the alternatives? Many will be considering the Zenbook 3 next to the HP Spectre, which was released in June, and hasn’t been updated to the 7th-generation Core (yet). That puts HP at a disadvantage. The Spectre is slick, but it’s slower, and doesn’t last as long on a charge. The keyboard is better, but the touchpad isn’t, and the displays are about equivalent. The Spectre also goes with USB Type-C, but it has two additional ports. There’s no denying Asus’ aesthetic similarities to the Apple MacBook released a year ago, from the design of the speaker grill, to the profile of the chassis (if you want to see how it could be more unique, check out HP’s Spectre). But the Zenbook 3 is faster, with better speakers and a better keyboard. It’s also slightly less expensive if you go with the base model. Still, the Zenbook 3’s price is intimidating. Our review unit’s $1,600 price tag is, well, a lot of money. Buyers can pick up similar performance and capability at a lower price by choosing a thicker laptop, like our twin favorites – the Dell XPS 13, and Asus Zenbook UX305UA. How long will it last? This laptop should hold up well over time. It’s solid, relatively simple, and has a strong battery. The lack of ports will become less of an issue as the years roll by, and the hardware isn’t going to feel taxed anytime soon. Should you buy it? Yes. The Zenbook 3 is expensive. You can buy a laptop that’s as quick, for less. But that’s not the point. Super-thin laptops like the HP Spectre, MacBook, and Zenbook 3 promise to offer everything a laptop normally does in a case nearly as thin as your smartphone. Asus’ flagship lives up to that promise better than any laptop before it.
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, Apple Watch Series 2 hit India today Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, Apple Watch Series 2 hit India today By Bindu Nair - The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are officially making its way to India today about a month after the two were first announced. Previous years have seen Apple’s latest phones go up for sale at midnight, but this year the devices will be available at the stroke of 7pm, in keeping with the 7 theme the brand has going on. One thing that hasn’t changed is Apple’s exorbitant costs when it comes to the firm’s products in India, with the company slapping a Rs 60000 price tag on the base iPhone 7. The figure is Rs 2000 cheaper than the preceding 16GB iPhone 6S’ initial cost, though. The new handset also offers double the memory at 32GB. For those seeking more room for their stuff, the 128GB iPhone 7 will set them back by Rs 70000 and the 256GB one by Rs 80000. Consumers in the market for the bigger 5.5-inch screen of the iPhone 7 Plus will have to shell out Rs 72000 (32GB), Rs 82000 (128GB), and Rs 92000 (256GB). Also Read: iPhone 6, 6S, SE get a further price drop of up to Rs 26100 Offline and online stores alike are offering various deals to burn a slightly smaller hole in a consumer’s pocket. Official physical retailers like Rashi Peripherals, Ingram and Redington are knocking off Rs 10000 in the form of cashback from the iPhone 7’s cost for Citi credit card owners located in Delhi NCR, Mumbai, Bangalore and Ahmedabad from October 7 to 8. Apple’s official online partner Flipkart is serving up an exchange deal worth up to Rs 24500 and promises an express delivery service in Mumbai, Bengaluru and Delhi to hand over the iPhone 7 at 7pm itself. Snapdeal is currently offering a Rs 10000 cashback for American Express card members and up to Rs 16000 off after swapping it with an older handset. There’s also a 10% discount subject to a limit of Rs 2000 for Axis Bank credit and debit cards till October 11. Tata CLiQ is cutting out Rs 10000 from the Apple smartphone’s cost for HDFC credit and debit card users. Finally, Paytm is bundling a cashback bonus of up to Rs 7000. Take a look at the common specs of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus: – Display: 4.7-inch (1334 x 750p), 5.5-inch (1080 x 1920p) – OS: iOS 10 – CPU: quad-core A10 Fusion – Storage: 32GB/128GB/256GB – Camera: 12MP/dual 12MP rear, 7MP front Other than the iPhone 7, even the Apple Watch Series 2 is launching in India today ranging from Rs 32900 to Rs 110900. Interested buyers can pre-order it via Flipkart. People who want to buy the brand’s wireless AirPods will have to wait till late October to snap it up for Rs 15400. TAGS apple Apple Watch Series 2 iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus Price specs SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleNew Pokemon Go feature makes it easier to catch rare Pokemon Next articleNokia phone saves a man’s life after stopping a bullet Bindu Nair RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR iPhone 8 to sport 5.8-inch curved borderless display Apple to launch bezel-less 10.9-inch iPad Apple’s AirPods may go up for sale next week 246,418FansLike 13,716FollowersFollow 12,808SubscribersSubscribe TRENDING All Alternatives Apple Cameras Download Features Gaming General Guide Hardware Home Entertainment Interesting Internet iPod News Laptops Mobile Phones Science Security Software Tablet Tech Reviews Telecom Wireless More Google Pixel hacked in less than 60 seconds Bindu Nair - Nov 14, 2016 0 Microsoft confirms Office apps for Android will get Chrome OS support Bertila Helena - Nov 14, 2016 0 Google won’t build ad-blocking software into Chrome Bertila Helena - Nov 12, 2016 0 Load more ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple Invents a new Battery Design that will Increase Performance while better Protecting our Devices | Main | Samsung's Preliminary Quarterly Profit Guidance shows false Profit by not accounting for Note7 Recall Costs » October 07, 2016 Busy MacBook Pro Chassis Maker 'Catcher' Reports 18.3% Leap in Quarterly Earnings The buzz is on for Apple to launch their new MacBook Pro later this month with many sources pinning the date to October 27. The new MacBooks will sport Intel's next generation processors that Intel's Navin Shenoy, VP, GM Client Computing Group says will introduce the 'immersive internet' where access to 4K Ultra High-Definition, 360-degree video, and virtual reality will dramatically rise. Another party that is happy today is Apple's MacBook chassis maker Catcher who just reported their third quarter revenues were up 18.3%. Catcher is busy supplying Apple with iPhone 7 and MacBook chassis.   It's being reported out of Taiwan today that "Catcher is a chassis supplier for Apple's iPhone and Mac and because of orders for the iPhone 7/7 Plus and new MacBook Pro, the maker's revenues in October are expected to grow even higher, according to sources from the upstream supply chain, adding that Catcher will supply 60% of Apple's new MacBook Pro orders, while Casetek, a subsidiary of Pegatron Technology, will supply about 30% and Foxconn Electronics (Hon Hai Precision Industry) 10%.   Apple's iPhone 7 and MacBook Pro orders also helped battery maker Simplo record 9% higher September revenues.   For a last minute roundup of MacBook Pro rumors and expected specifications, check out Macworld UK's latest report here.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.         Posted by Jack Purcher on October 07, 2016 at 05:20 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung sets their Eyes on a Revolutionary Holographic TV Lest we Forget: Remembrance and Veterans Day 2016 Samsung Reconsiders Foldable Smartphones as Fear of another Market Blunder Weighs Heavily on the Company Apple Supplier Japan Display may get one last Government Bailout to help it Shift to OLED Why is Samsung Racing to launch their first Foldable Dumbphone? Apple Updates 'Glass Fused Device Housing' Patent by shining a light on a Possible Illumination Feature Apple Refines their Head-Mounted Display Device for a Second Time this Year Apple's CEO Sends Memo out to Employees to Calm Election Aftermath Tensions and Anxiety Silicon Valley's Mental Breakdown over President-Elect Trump is Seriously Warped Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
null
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Apple > iWorld > iPhone FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Firewall      30% OFF! Apple iPhone 6 Plus Explodes in the Middle of the Night While Charging GO Apple already investigating the explosion Oct 7, 2016 11:23 GMT  ·  By Bogdan Popa  ·  Share:  An iPhone 6 Plus owned by a woman living in Fresno, California, exploded in the middle of the night while charging, causing damages to the objects and furniture in its proximity. Yvette Estrada explained in an interview for ABC that her iPhone was charging on the dresser and then all of a sudden it emitted a flash, followed by flames and smoke. “I heard a sizzling, then we heard the pop and the whole fire was coming out of the screen,” she said, explaining that her husband woke up and quickly threw it in the sink to put water on it. Apple already offered an iPhone 6 Plus in return The woman called 911, but by the time firefighters arrived at the scene, the phone was already melted in the sink. The explosion caused damages to the surrounding objects, which included a pair of glasses, two Apple Watch stands, and the furniture. “What if this would have been underneath my pillow or if I was on the phone? My face would be burned. Hopefully they can fix this and they can compensate my new phone or do something for me because they have to do right,” Estrada said. Apple is already investigating the explosion, and in the meantime, the company has offered the woman a new stand for her Apple Watch, a charger, and an iPhone 6 Plus. Estrada said that Apple told her that if she wanted an iPhone 7, she had to pay for an upgrade. As for the causes of the explosion, nothing is known at this point, and a faulty battery cannot be blamed just yet. The iPhone 6 Plus was the model that suffered from bendgate, as the device bent under strong pressure, causing internal damage to various components, including the screen and potentially the battery. If this is the case, then the iPhone 6 Plus wasn’t equipped with a defective battery, and probably caught fire after getting bent. Without a doubt, the investigation will determine the exact causes of the explosion, as the firefighters only explained that the phone “was faulty.” #Apple#iPhone#iPhone 6 Plus#iPhone explosion subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Bezel-Less iPhone 8 Previewed by New Sharp Concept Phone Apple Releases Second Beta of iOS 10.1, watchOS 3.1, and tvOS 10.0.1 to Devs - Updated iPhone 7 Undergoes Camera Scratch Resistance Test As Apple Says It Used Sapphire No Joke: There’s a Candle That Smells like a New Apple MacBook Five Great Calendar Apps for Android HP Elite X3 with Windows 10 Mobile: The PC Experience Motorola DROID Turbo 3 with 16MP Hasselblad Camera Leaks in Press Renders New Photo of the x86 Windows 10 Mobile Phone Gets Leaked Nikon Updates Firmware for Its COOLPIX A300 Camera - Get Version 1.2 Microsoft Releases Interactive Mail Notifications for All Windows 10 Users KDE Neon Users Urged to Upgrade Their Systems or Reinstall the Linux Distro Budgie 11 Desktop Environment to Feature a Dock Mode for the Panel, Richer UI - Exclusive    This is the second iPhone 6 Plus that explodes this week new ios apps NeuroNation: Train your brain to improve your memory and focus with NeuroNation Flipagram: Create cool videos by mixing up your photos with music Timer+: Set up dozens of timers and control them all with ease Nutshell Camera: Create some pretty cool videos with Nutshell Camera IKEA Catalogue: Check out the IKEA Catalogue for more than just furniture Complete: Complete puts a social twist to your regular to-do list/ task manager WebMD Baby: WebMD Baby offers help in how to best tend to your baby Reader comments Load old comments   iPhones Get a Feature to Secretly Call the Police Without Anyone Noticing more on: Apple i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      

null
Sign in News ASEAN BKK Business Crime, Courts, Calamity Calamity Courts Crime Environment Health International Transportation Weather Politics Opinion Life@Bangkok Arts & Culture Entertainment Events Fashion Food Geek Movies Nightlife Shopping Crime & Legal Calamity Courts Crime Videos dot.Net Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search Khaosod English News AllASEANBKKBusinessCrime, Courts, CalamityCalamityCourtsCrimeEnvironmentHealthInternationalTransportationWeather International 2-Year-Old Girl Dies in Attack on Indonesia Church News Fake Cop Accused of Assaulting Girls International Trump Puts Flame-Throwing Outsider on the Inside Crime, Courts, Calamity Bomb Wounds 2 in Pattani as Crown Prince Arrives Politics Opinion Life@Bangkok AllArts & CultureEntertainmentEventsFashionFoodGeekMoviesNightlifeShopping Entertainment Guns N’ Roses Tickets Go on Sale This Week Arts & Culture Bangkok Calligraphers Rediscover Beauty Made by Hand Arts & Culture Celebrate Silver Jubilee of ‘Miss Saigon’ on Big Screen Entertainment Be Moved by Gone-Too-Soon Amy Winehouse on Thonglor Rooftop Crime & Legal AllCalamityCourtsCrime Crime, Courts, Calamity Bomb Wounds 2 in Pattani as Crown Prince Arrives Crime Missing Israeli Found Buried Under Fresh Concrete Crime Passenger Who Beat Guard Senseless At Tollbooth Confesses to Assault Crime Long Arm of Law Pulls Attempted Rapist From Ceiling (Video) Videos News Watch New Nine-Minute Royal Anthem Right Now (Video) dot.Net Roach-Stuffed Sausage Surprises Student Politics Police Look For Motorist Vowing to Shoot Those Who Defame King BKK Bangkok, Famed Capital of Free-Wheeling Fun, Goes Dark Indefinitely (Photos) Politics Mourners Remain at Siriraj, Some Hope For Miracle (Photos) dot.Net Sign in / Join Politics Opinion Life@Bangkok AllArts & CultureEntertainmentEventsFashionFoodGeekMoviesNightlifeShopping Entertainment Guns N’ Roses Tickets Go on Sale This Week Arts & Culture Bangkok Calligraphers Rediscover Beauty Made by Hand Arts & Culture Celebrate Silver Jubilee of ‘Miss Saigon’ on Big Screen Entertainment Be Moved by Gone-Too-Soon Amy Winehouse on Thonglor Rooftop Events Entertainment Arts & Culture Food Movies Nightlife Health Fashion Crime & Legal dot.Net ASEAN International Business Environment LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password Home Opinion iPhone 7 May Boost Apple’s Fortunes But Has Its Irish Luck Run... Opinion iPhone 7 May Boost Apple’s Fortunes But Has Its Irish Luck Run Out? By Don Sambandaraksa, Special Correspondent - October 7, 2016 6:13 pm Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet Original image: Apple. Clipart leprechaun: DepositPhotos.com DTAC launched pre-registration to pre-order the iPhone 7 and 7+ today, Oct. 7. Seven is a lucky number, they say, or is it? No firm date was given for actual delivery of the units – nor were the prices. What was announced today was heavy on the “pre.” A pre-registration page for pre-orders that goes live at 12:01am in one week on Oct. 14. Apple Watch 2 pre-orders also go live on that day, while the new iPad can be pre-ordered starting Oct. 21. I may be splitting hairs, but while DTAC’s press release described it as pre-registration for pre-order, the other two telcos only put up a page to register one’s “interest” in the upcoming launch. Given how unlucky the number seven has been for Samsung with its spontaneously combustible Galaxy Note 7, the lack of any bad news over the iPhone 7/7+ launch was good news for Apple. Or was it? Get Khaosod English by email. Binge-read when you want. Away from the tech side, things have not been so rosy for our friends in Cupertino. Sorry, I mean our stateless friends formerly from Cupertino. On Aug. 20, the European Commission ruled the Irish government gave Apple illegal state aid in the form of tax breaks dating back to 2004 amounting to a total of EUR19 billion (737.2 billion baht). In 2014, Apple paid an effective tax rate of 0.005 percent. Apple is of course appealing, saying it did nothing wrong and made the deal in good faith. And oddly, in this age of austerity, the Irish government is appealing the ruling as well, fearing a loss of some of the 5,500 high-tech jobs Apple brought to County Cork, home to its European headquarters. Makes one wonder if anyone in ASEAN is taking exception with Thailand’s own generous zero-percent tax deals? Yet it is instructive to look at the phenomenon of what economist Paul Krugman has described as “Leprechaun economics.” In the last quarter of 2015, Ireland saw a whopping 26 percent growth in GDP. This confused just about everyone, as no developed country grows that much in a year. Later it became known that much of it was due to Apple relocating its intellectual property to Ireland. But by transferring its valuable IP, Apple also created a not inconsequential cost for the state. EU nations each pay a levy based on their GDP, so what was essentially Apple’s internal accounting translated into a permanent increase of EUR380 million per annum in Dublin’s share. Those 5,500 highly paid Irish jobs seem less appealing if they cost EUR69,000 each. Since the Apple case, it’s been open season on tech companies. Taiwan is suing Uber for USD$2 million (67 million baht) in unpaid sales taxes. Indonesia is suing Google for USD$418 (14.5 billion baht) for tax on profits it believes were unfairly transferred to Google Singapore, and Japan has demanded (and received) USD$118 million (4.1 billion Baht) from Apple for withholding tax via its iTunes division. As for Thailand, well, the Finance Ministry recently announced plans to crack down on tax evasion online, targeting popular websites, net idols, streaming sites as well as applications which until now have operated largely under the radar. More importantly, back in January, the National Legislative Assembly announced it would amend the tax code and take aim at online advertising revenues. It explicitly mentioned Google and Facebook. The amendments would disallow exemptions for spending on online advertising with foreign companies. This would mean companies would have to pay 20 percent corporate taxes on any advertisement cost. With online advertising, the state’s coffers would swell by upward of 3 billion baht to 15 billion baht, according to estimates. Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha suggested he may introduce a two-tier tax with a lower rate for companies who set up shop in the country, pay proper local taxes and cooperate with government censorship and surveillance requests. Most countries want cash. Some, like Ireland, prefer jobs to direct tax revenue. But Thailand wants control more than anything else. Not that anyone would be surprised anymore. TAGS Cognitive Dissident Tech SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleColombia’s Juan Manuel Santos Wins Nobel Peace Prize Next articleChemical Weapon for Sale: China’s Unregulated Drug Don Sambandaraksa, Special Correspondent Ex-Post Database refugee still trying to make a difference. Geek, crypto nerd and, on a more serious note, Southeast Asia correspondent for TelecomAsia. RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Business Moving On, Samsung Promotes Digital Assistant in Galaxy S8 Business As Sales Fall, Apple Pins 2017 Hopes on iPhone 7 Business AT&T Buying HBO and CNN Owner Time Warner for USD$85.4 Billion International Attacks on US Internet Disrupt Services Business iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, Apple Watch 2 Go On Sale Today International Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Replacement Phone Sales Halted Follow us 77,568FansLike 1,175FollowersFollow 14,340FollowersFollow 110SubscribersSubscribe Latest news 2-Year-Old Girl Dies in Attack on Indonesia Church November 14, 2016 12:43 pm Fake Cop Accused of Assaulting Girls November 14, 2016 12:23 pm Trump Puts Flame-Throwing Outsider on the Inside November 14, 2016 12:03 pm Internet Puzzled by Woman’s Open-Air Taxi Ride (Video) November 14, 2016 12:01 pm Follow us on Instagram @khaosodenglish ABOUT USCopyright 2016 Khaosod English 40/10 S. Thetsaban Nimit Tai Road Prachaniwet, Chatuchak Bangkok, Thailand, 10900 contact@khaosodenglish.com FOLLOW US News AllASEANBKKBusinessCrime, Courts, CalamityCalamityCourtsCrimeEnvironmentHealthInternationalTransportationWeather International 2-Year-Old Girl Dies in Attack on Indonesia Church News Fake Cop Accused of Assaulting Girls International Trump Puts Flame-Throwing Outsider on the Inside Crime, Courts, Calamity Bomb Wounds 2 in Pattani as Crown Prince Arrives Politics Opinion Life@Bangkok AllArts & CultureEntertainmentEventsFashionFoodGeekMoviesNightlifeShopping Entertainment Guns N’ Roses Tickets Go on Sale This Week Arts & Culture Bangkok Calligraphers Rediscover Beauty Made by Hand Arts & Culture Celebrate Silver Jubilee of ‘Miss Saigon’ on Big Screen Entertainment Be Moved by Gone-Too-Soon Amy Winehouse on Thonglor Rooftop Crime & Legal AllCalamityCourtsCrime Crime, Courts, Calamity Bomb Wounds 2 in Pattani as Crown Prince Arrives Crime Missing Israeli Found Buried Under Fresh Concrete Crime Passenger Who Beat Guard Senseless At Tollbooth Confesses to Assault Crime Long Arm of Law Pulls Attempted Rapist From Ceiling (Video) Videos News Watch New Nine-Minute Royal Anthem Right Now (Video) dot.Net Roach-Stuffed Sausage Surprises Student Politics Police Look For Motorist Vowing to Shoot Those Who Defame King BKK Bangkok, Famed Capital of Free-Wheeling Fun, Goes Dark Indefinitely (Photos) Politics Mourners Remain at Siriraj, Some Hope For Miracle (Photos) dot.Net © All Content Copyright 2016 Khaosod English MORE STORIES International 2-Year-Old Girl Dies in Attack on Indonesia Church Associated Press - November 14, 2016 12:43 pm News Fake Cop Accused of Assaulting Girls Sasiwan Mokkhasen, Staff Reporter - November 14, 2016 12:23 pm Truehits.net
Mon, Nov 14, 2016 | Updated 12.22 PM IST HI, Follow Us: MY PROFILE NEWSLETTER LOGOUT SIGN INFollow Us: Gadgets Now Gadgets Now TOI Home News Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets Rs 500 & Rs 1000 ban: 'Good news' for phone buyers E-grocers see big jump in business post ban on Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes Researchers develop new technology that uses body heat to charge gadgets Reliance Jio skips COAI meet as tussle continue Hijab, breastfeeding and yoga emojis coming soon Meet Donald Trump's 'lone celebrity fan' in Silicon Valley Demonetisation: Acer offers credit facility to customers Cheat software: US regulator opens investigation against Audi Bangladesh recovers a fifth of $81 million stolen in cyber heist Ban on Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes: E-wallets go mainstream FOLLOW US shop FOLLOW US Gadgets Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Reviews FOLLOW US compare Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Slideshows FOLLOW US Videos FOLLOW US Brands Apple Samsung Google Sony HTC Karbonn LG Micromax Microsoft OnePlus Oppo Spice Xiaomi Acer HP InFocus Lenovo Dell FOLLOW US Checklist How To FOLLOW US Featured FOLLOW US infocus Specials ALL ShopGadgets Gadgets Now » News » Tech News Flipkart CEO Binny Bansal becomes 'delivery boy' for Apple iPhone 7 The much-awaited Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are launching in India today. The sales of the smartphones will start at 7 PM today across the country.Gadgets Now | Updated: Oct 7, 2016, 05.04 PM IST The much-awaited Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are launching in India today. The sales of the smartphones will start at 7 PM today across the country. And there's a celebrity 'delivery boy' for the new iPhones. Flipkart CEO Binny Bansal will show up at the doorsteps of some customers, personally delivering the latest iPhones. Bansal will be delivering the all-new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus smartphones starting at 7 PM in Bangalore today. In a statement, the Bengaluru-based e-tailer said that it is readying to make deliveries right at customers' doorsteps from 7 PM onwards. "Ekart, Flipkart's supply chain arm has readied a full force of delivery executives to make sure its customers get hold of their phones right from 7 PM today. Delivery executives are fanning out across key cities in India to surprise several lucky customers at the exact time when the clock strikes seven," added the company in the statement. Late last month, Apple tied up with the country's top e-tailer to sell the two new smartphones. Flipkart will source iPhone 7 directly from Apple, unlike previous years when it would source the phones from third-party sellers. This is the first time that Apple has partnered with Flipkart. Flipkart, which has the largest e-tail market share in India, generates a major chunk of its revenues from sales of smartphones. Multiple smartphone brands, including Motorola and LeEco, sell exclusively on Flipkart. The iPhone 7 deal should give Flipkart a leg up, at a time when it is facing stiff competition from American rival Amazon which has been investing heavily in the Indian market. For Apple, India has become a key market. This was reflected in Apple CEO Tim Cook's recent visit to India and his meetings with government officials. The company doesn't sell its products directly in India. Instead, Apple depends on third-party retailers and distributors to sell its devices in the country. The 32GB, 128GB and 256GB variants of the iPhone 7 are priced at Rs 60,000, Rs 70,000 and Rs 80,000 respectively in India. The bigger-screen iPhone 7 Plus models are priced at Rs 72,000 for 32GB, Rs 82,000 for 128GB and Rs 92,000 for 256GB. RELATED From around the web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia Comments Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message GADGETS NOW SHOP Latest News 'China pains' for Micromax as revenue dips for the first time Rs 500 & Rs 1000 ban: 'Good news' for phone buyers E-grocers see big jump in business post ban on Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes Researchers develop new technology that uses body heat to charge gadgets Reliance Jio skips COAI meet as tussle continue From around the Web More From GadgetsNow Recommended By Colombia Most Popular Airtel to offer 10GB data for Rs 259 across India Apple CEO Tim Cook's letter to employees on Donald Trump's win WhatsApp starts rolling out video-calling feature Flipkart CEO’s response to Amazon’s No.1 claim These are the 'feared' security features of the Rs 2000 note Trai recommends Rs 3,050 crore penalty on Airtel, Vodafone, Idea for not providing interconnect to Reliance Jio Apple sends out invites for October 27 event 'hello again', hints at new MacBooks and more WhatsApp launches video-calling feature for Android users Round 3 of Flipkart, Amazon ‘big sale’ announced IITs: Pre-placement salaries hit record high Tata row a test case for India: Docomo Sony to return image sensors to full capacity on smartphone pickup Uber Pitch to bring together VCs, startups Online ad portal Backpage's CEO arrested over 'sex-trafficking' charges FlexiLoans banks on some heavy hitters InnoVen Capital ramps up venture debt financing in Q2 Reverse bidding startups show the way forward Third quarter profit likely dipped 3.7%, says LG Auction draws blank in best spectrum band 1Flipkart CEO Binny Bansal becomes 'delivery boy' for Apple iPhone 7 2Tata row a test case for India: Docomo 3Sony to return image sensors to full capacity on smartphone pickup 4Uber Pitch to bring together VCs, startups 5Online ad portal Backpage's CEO arrested over 'sex-trafficking' charges 6FlexiLoans banks on some heavy hitters 7InnoVen Capital ramps up venture debt financing in Q2 8Reverse bidding startups show the way forward 9Third quarter profit likely dipped 3.7%, says LG 10Auction draws blank in best spectrum band GADGETS NOW About Us Privacy policy RSS Return Policy Newsletter Sitemap Feedback Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Popular Mobiles Google Pixel XL 32 GB Moto Z 64GB Moto Z Play 32GB Honor 8 Samsung Galaxy A9 Pro Lenovo K4 Note Lenovo K3 Note Oppo F1 Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Mi 5S Lenovo Vibe K5 Lenovo Zuk Z1 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 Lenovo K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J2 OnePlus 3 Samsung Galaxy On7 OnePlus X Samsung Z3 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5 HTC Desire 826 Oppo R7 Upcoming Mobiles Lava A51 Lava A76 Plus Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL Hyve Pryme Wileyfox Swift 2 Wileyfox Swift 2 Plus Moto M Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 16GB Xiaomi Redmi 4 ZTE CYMBAL-T Meizu Pro 6S Samsung W2017 Huawei Mate 9 Porsche Design Lenovo P2 32 GB Alcatel Flash Plus 2 16GB Alcatel Flash Plus 2 32GB Alcatel Idol 4S Windows Meizu M5 16 GB Meizu M5 32GB Latest Mobiles Google Nexus 9 Coolpad Note 3 Redmi Note 3 Lenovo K4 Note Moto G4 Plus OnePlus X OnePlus 2 Lenovo Vibe S1 iPhone 6 Google Nexus 5 Mobile Phones Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Microsoft Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Google Mobiles Copyright © 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
null
Master Herald Sports Technology TV Social Cars Politics Middle East Pulse Menu Sports Technology TV Social Cars Politics Middle East Pulse Apple iPad Mini 5 Cancellation Rumors Still Going Around, What Is the Company Planning? Let’s See Posted By: Arash FekriPosted date: October 08, 2016In: Technology Page 1 of 212» Apple, a traditionally very mysterious company, has been surrounded by a lot of speculation lately with regards to one specific product in their line-up – the iPad Mini 5. There are various rumors about the device going around right now, and some of them are not exactly positive, with claims that Apple might be looking to kill it off. This is actually not the first time we’re hearing those rumors either – they’ve been brought up for quite a while now, and have been sometimes accompanied by similar rumors about the iPod. The main theory is that Apple have too many devices on their hand right now, and they might be looking into consolidating some of their lines in order to ease the burden on themselves. On the other hand, some of the more positive rumors about the iPad Mini 5 claim that the device is not only coming, but it’s actually not that far away, with a March 2017 release planned at the moment. Of course it’s impossible to tell whether there’s any truth to that or not, knowing how secretive Apple can be, but this particular rumor has been repeated from multiple sources already, and it seems to be quite credible. There are various claims about the specs of the device as well, but in any case it looks like Apple are planning a strong release with the iPad Mini 5, if some of those rumors are true. With a powerful processor, 3 GB of RAM, and a battery with over 5,000 mAh, it should be quite the capable device, possibly beating what most people would expect from an entry into the iPad Mini line. It’s possible that the tablet could be launched together with a new iPad Pro next year, as some of the rumors about the release of the iPad Mini 5 talk about a dual offer with the “big brother” of the device. If that’s true, it will definitely put the rumors of the iPad Mini’s cancellation to rest for good. Some of the more skeptical commenters claim that if the iPad Mini 5 does come out next year, this doesn’t necessarily have to mean that Apple intend to keep the line alive. The Mini 5 could actually be the last device in its line, depending on its market performance, and that could make it a very critical release for Apple right now. This is the biggest theory in some circles – that Apple are on the fence about the product’s future, and are going to watch the metrics around its release very closely in order to decide if they want to keep working on that line or not. But this would be a bit strange, as Apple are not an indecisive company in general. They’re actually one of the last companies we would expect to have such issues, as they typically have a very strong, well-defined vision for the future, and know exactly what they want to do. Some have argued that these times are over now though, and that Apple have been showing significant decline in their creativity and productivity on the market lately. According to some, it’s no coincidence that this started to happen right around the time Steve Jobs passed away, and it’s starting to become clear to some just how much of an impact the man had on his company. This could be just a coincidental observation though, and it’s hard to tell what exactly is going on behind Apple’s closed doors right now. Page 1 of 212» Like 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Share 0 Related Articles Gears of War 4 Performs Great on the Market, Anniversary DLC Coming, Game to Possibly Run on Project Scorpio November 13, 2016 Left 4 Dead 3 Rumors Start Up Again, Are Valve Preparing Something behind the Scenes? November 13, 2016 Apple iOS Jailbreak Made more Difficult with Latest 10.2 Beta, System Keeps Getting New Official Features November 13, 2016 Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Pages About Master Herald Ads Contact Us Staff Categories Cars Middle East Pulse Politics Social Sports Technology TV About Us Address: Al-Mashroot Akhbar Company, 75 Al Iskan Street, P.O. Box 5230, Post Code 115, Muscat, Sultanate of Oman Email: Info [at] MasterHerald.com
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple launched and then silently deleted a recruitment scheme called 'The Orchard' James Cook Oct. 7, 2016, 6:33 AM 7,828 facebook linkedin twitter email print The Orchard has been deleted.Flickr/m01229 Apple quietly deleted a page on its website that was designed to find marketing employees for the company, Mac Rumors reports. The Orchard appeared on Apple's website on October 5 and seemed like a scheme designed to bring in entry-level marketing graduates to work for Apple. Here's what the page said: "The moment is now. Throw everything you know out the window. All in. Head first. Join the Orchard. If you're lucky enough to make the cut, expect to surround yourself with like-minded souls who are as terrified and excited as you are. Be part of a hand-picked team with a plethora of talent. Kick ass together. Panic together. Grow together. Work alongside the brains of all the iconic work you love from Apple. Watch and learn. Trust your gut. Challenge our ways. Have an impact on everything you touch. Be prepared to stumble and fumble and embarrass yourself. It will be messy, and it won't be pretty at times, but if you stick together as a team, you'll build a special bond and something truly great will come out of it all. Take it from us. It's the only way. Does this whole proposal sound crazy to you? Good. We like crazy." But after people found the page, complaints started coming in. Apple blogger John Gruber points out that the page was one giant image, and it looked strange if viewed on a large screen. People on Twitter called the job description "creepy," "scary," "sad," and "ugly." Basically the job ad looked unfinished, and people started to mock Apple for it. So the company silently deleted the page on October 6. Mac Rumors says the job listings advertised as part of The Orchard are still available, but the page itself now redirects to the Apple homepage. NOW WATCH: The ‘Apple of China’ just unveiled a phone that’s more powerful and better looking than the iPhone Loading video... More: Apple facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple launched and then silently deleted a recruitment scheme called 'The Orchard' Apple launched and then silently deleted a recruitment scheme called 'The Orchard' Apple quietly deleted a page on its website... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Soccer star Alex Morgan on her family: 'All that you will achieve, you will owe to them.' Check out the letter from the Olympic gold-medal winner to her 7-year-old self >> Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Skip to content » rfit The Field Subscribe now Digital Edition The Field Search for: Search Subscribe Digital Editions Shooting Gun Reviews Pigeon shooting Grouse Shooting Food & Drink Recipes Drink Cookery Features Hunting Racing Macnab Marketplace Country House Events Pigeon Shooting Masterclass with Will Garfit, 22 September Fishing Gundogs Gundog insurance WIN About us Subscribe Contact Us Advertise Home Food and Drink Apple and pear tart. The perfect tea-time treat The Field October 7, 2016 0shares 0shares If you've found yourself surrounded by windfalls, try our apple and pear tart. A delicious tea-time treat to be enjoyed warm from the oven or surreptitiously out of the fridge Apple and pear tart makes good use of those windfalls. Apple and pear tart is a great sweet treat to try if you are working your way through a glut of apples and pears. It makes a lovely light dessert for a post-shoot supper or a delicious teatime treat for Sunday afternoon. And it’s just as good cold, so sneak a surreptitious slice from the fridge when you are in need of something sweet. If you’ve found yourself surrounded by windfalls, don’t start a production line of pies. Read the best 9 apple recipes for your harvest for apples in all three courses, teatime treats and a cheeky festive tipple. APPLE AND PEAR TART This makes a lovely light dessert or afternoon tea-time treat. It also freezes well, so can be made in batches if you are trying to work your way through a glut of apples and pears. Serves 6 320g puff pastry, ready rolled 1 egg yolk mixed with 1 dsp milk 4 tbsp demerara sugar 2 tsp ground cinnamon 1 tsp ground ginger 150g sweetened apple purée 5 pears 1 tbsp softened butter 2 tbsp apricot jam, melted Preheat the oven to 180°C/ 350°F/Gas Mark 4. Lay the pastry on a flat baking sheet and lightly score, taking care not to go all the way through, then brush with the egg yolk mix. Bake in the oven for 15 mintutes or until golden. Flatten by pressing down with another flat tray. Mix two tablespoons of demerara sugar, one teaspoon of cinnamon and the ginger with the apple purée and smear onto the pastry. Peel and core the pears then slice thinly and arrange onto the purée. Sprinkle over the remaining sugar and cinnamon. Dot over the butter. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes or until the pears are softened and slightly golden. Remove from the oven and brush with the apricot jam. Eat warm or cold cut into squares and served with clotted cream or yogurt. Latest news The Field subscription sale: M&S gift card when you subscribe November 12, 2016 SIGN the petition to keep grouse moors and grouse shooting October 19, 2016 Purdey No 208 to sell for The Gunmakers’ Company Charitable Trust September 29, 2016 Ban on lead ammunition ruled out July 14, 2016 Countryside groups demand BBC reins in Chris Packham July 13, 2016 Most Popular Recipes The top 10 best pheasant recipes Pheasant Guidwife recipe The top 7 best spring recipes Roast butterflied haunch of muntjac Parmesan pheasant breasts with crispy ham Pheasant Normandy recipe How to make your own cider Latest from the Field Guide to shotgun choke. Everything you need to know. Airgun guide. What to shoot and what to buy. How to shoot pheasants like George Digweed What age should youngsters start shooting? The genius of Browning Subscribe to our newsletter Enter your email below to receive a monthly newsletter from THE FIELD. Your email address: Sign up By submitting your details, you will also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of The Field and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you’d prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy Show More More from the Field Riding caps: making modern safety traditional Hunting newcomers. An introduction to hunting Partridge shooting tips. 12 top tips for the new season 9 partridge facts you didn’t know for the new season The Saltwater Fly Fishing Festival: the salt and the flies The Field Site Sections Shooting Gun reviews Hunting Fishing Food and Drink Country House Our network ShootingUK Marketplace Other Ways To Read Subscribe Digital Editions RSS Feeds ShootingUK Get In Touch Search Search for: Search rfit The Field © Copyright Time Inc. (UK) Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms & conditions | Privacy policy | Cookie consent
Griffon News Your source for Missouri Western news online. Main menu Skip to content Home News University Crime Politics & SGA Nation & World Lifestyle Features Events Profiles Clubs Reviews Komastu Ramen is as good as it sounds Preview Sports Football Baseball Softball Men’s Basketball Women’s Basketball Men’s Golf Women’s Golf Soccer Tennis Volleyball Opinion Columns Editorial Letter to the Editor Advertising Search for: October 11, 2011 Jobs leaves iLegacy on campus by Blair Stalder There isn’t a spot on campus where you wouldn’t see a student jamming out to their iPod, texting on their iPhone or typing up a paper on a Mac. Thanks to Steve Jobs, co-founder of Apple Inc., students have this technology. Unfortunately, Jobs, 56, passed away Wednesday, Oct. 5, due to a rare form of pancreatic cancer. Anything with an “i” before it is Jobs’ doing. Jobs, who dropped out of college after only attending Reed College for six months, started Apple Inc. at an early age and created a totally new culture of technology, including the Mac, iPod, iTunes, iPhone, iTouch, iPad and iPhone. Students and faculty rely heavily on Apple products, especially Macs, for their majors and classes. Associate professor of art Theresa Harris, who teaches graphic design and typography, has been using Macs for a long time and believes they are necessary for her classes. “[Apple] is the industry’s standard,” Harris said. “It’s what over 95 percent of the graphic design industry and design field use as well as fields in video and animation. Everybody is an Apple fan. Jobs’ influence on the graphic design industry cannot be understated. He totally revolutionized the field.” Graphic design major Khalid Spry agrees with Harris when it comes to using Macs for his major. “His products will help me launch my business designing clothing.” As Harris said before, Apple products have been being used for the field of video and animation as well. Jobs was also the owner of the animated film company Pixar. Theatre & Cinema major Carlos Gomez works with Macs all the time for his major and says it’s essential that students can be able to use the technology at Western. “At Western, the Mac labs have been absolutely necessary for our cinema and digital animations majors, which seem to be expanding with the current entertainment industry,” he said. “Mac or PC?” has been a very popular question that has been asked in past years, and Gomez explains why Macs works better for his major. “Apple has the rights to use more powerful software in their computers,” Gomez said. “Apple has the rights to the big filmmaking software, like Final Cut Pro. Although software, like Adobe’s Premiere, is both for a PC and Mac, it was first created for Mac, so the brand trust is with Apple.” Macs have helped a lot of other majors, like journalism for laying out newspaper and yearbook pages, but Apple technology has also changed this generation as a whole. “[Jobs] connects with this generation in terms of music and the visuals and animation in the movies,” Harris said. “It’s a beautiful thing: The way he has this marriage between design and technology, and it just comes together in a wonderful package that is efficient and functions well. He made using technology an experience and made us all want to be a part of that culture.” Even though Jobs has passed away, Spry believes he will not be forgotten. “Steve Jobs will live on as long as you see the Apple mark.” This entry was posted in Features, Lifestyles and tagged death, Ipad, iPod, Legacy, Steve Jobs. Bookmark the permalink. Post navigation ← Previous Next → Recent Posts Volleyball against Fort Hays and UNK Griffons’ volleyball struggles at the Fieldhouse Movie Review: Trolls Your Standards are Destroying Love Eggcelent and Easy Scrambled Eggs © Griffon News
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Apple > iWorld > iPhone FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! Bezel-Less iPhone 8 Previewed by New Sharp Concept Phone GO Sharp presents new concept phone with no bezels Oct 7, 2016 10:00 GMT  ·  By Bogdan Popa  ·  Share:  The iPhone 7 might have the same design as its predecessor, but it appears that Apple is planning a complete overhaul for the next-year model, when the company is expected to go for an AMOLED display with a bezel-less design. Recent reports have indicated that Apple might be in talks with Sharp over a possible deal that would have the latter manufacture OLED displays for the 2017 iPhone, which is very likely to launch as the iPhone 8. While details of the negotiations haven’t been provided, sources have indicated that talks already reached an advanced stage and the two are expected to come to an agreement very soon. With this being told, Sharp could thus become the official manufacturer of iPhone 8 displays with no bezels, and the company might have just provided us with a glimpse into what this screen could look like. The firm introduced at the CEATECH 2016 technology conference in Japan the so-called Sharp Corner R, a new concept phone that presents its new bezel-less displays expected to be featured on next-generation phones. 90 percent screen-to-body ratio As you can see in the photos below, provided by GizmoChina, the Corner R has no top and side bezels, while the bottom part of the phone is dedicated to navigation controls that are specific to Android devices. If this makes it to the iPhone, the screen obviously drops these controls, either for a smaller bezel or for the Home button - there are rumors that the 2018 iPhone could actually feature a fingerprint reader integrated into the display, but it remains to be seen if Apple wants to go forward with this plan given that it’s already discussing a deal with another screen manufacturer. Other than that, this new concept seems to align with previous rumors pointing to a major redesign of the iPhone. The concept features a 5.2-inch screen (it surely needs other dimensions to fit the iPhone) and a resolution of 1080x1920 pixels. The screen accounts for 90 percent of the front-facing part of the phone, which is quite a major improvement from the current 65.6 screen-to-body ratio.   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (5 Images) #Apple#iPhone 8#Sharp#iPhone subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Sharp Corner R concept (5 Images) 01 02 03 04 05 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Apple Releases Second Beta of iOS 10.1, watchOS 3.1, and tvOS 10.0.1 to Devs - Updated iPhone 7 Undergoes Camera Scratch Resistance Test As Apple Says It Used Sapphire No Joke: There’s a Candle That Smells like a New Apple MacBook iPhone 6 Plus Catches Fire in Student’s Back Pocket Five Great Calendar Apps for Android HP Elite X3 with Windows 10 Mobile: The PC Experience Motorola DROID Turbo 3 with 16MP Hasselblad Camera Leaks in Press Renders New Photo of the x86 Windows 10 Mobile Phone Gets Leaked Nikon Updates Firmware for Its COOLPIX A300 Camera - Get Version 1.2 Microsoft Releases Interactive Mail Notifications for All Windows 10 Users KDE Neon Users Urged to Upgrade Their Systems or Reinstall the Linux Distro Budgie 11 Desktop Environment to Feature a Dock Mode for the Panel, Richer UI - Exclusive 5 photos    Sharp Corner R concept new ios apps NeuroNation: Train your brain to improve your memory and focus with NeuroNation Flipagram: Create cool videos by mixing up your photos with music Timer+: Set up dozens of timers and control them all with ease Nutshell Camera: Create some pretty cool videos with Nutshell Camera IKEA Catalogue: Check out the IKEA Catalogue for more than just furniture Complete: Complete puts a social twist to your regular to-do list/ task manager WebMD Baby: WebMD Baby offers help in how to best tend to your baby Reader comments iPhones Get a Feature to Secretly Call the Police Without Anyone Noticing more on: Apple i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US Election World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Airtel to offer Apple iPhone 7 series with lucrative data tariff plans in India Airtel is offering 10GB per month data bundle,unlimited local and STD calls and national roaming with Apple iPhone 7 series for one year. Rohit KVN   October 7, 2016 14:48 IST 1 Shares 1 Shares [Representational Image] Airtel to offer Apple iPhone 7 series with lucrative data tariff plans in India In Picture: A worker cleans a logo of Bharti Airtel at its zonal office building in Chandigarh.Reuters Apple's new iPhone 7 series, which is slated to go on sale in India on October 7 evening, will also be sold at Airtel outlets.  The leading network carrier has revealed that the iPhone 7 series will be put up for sale in its outlets across India later today. As a complimentary offer, it is offering buyers 10 GB free 4G/3G data per month for one year with any of the Airtel Infinity postpaid tariff plan. It has to be noted that the free data benefit is over the pre-set plan benefits. Why advertise with us? With this, the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus consumers with Airtel Infinity plans will be able to enjoy additional 120 GB 4G/3G data for one year. In addition to that, they can also avail unlimited voice calling – local, STD, and on national roaming – along with SMS and free subscription to Wynk Music and Wynk Movies, as well. "We are delighted to roll out this exciting data offer for our users to allow them to get the most out of the amazing iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Customers can now enjoy the latest iPhone on India's leading mobile broadband network with bundles of data and unlimited voice calling with our Infinity plans," Ajai Puri, director, Operations (India & South Asia), Bharti Airtel, said in a statement. Read more: What Flipkart and Snapdeal are offering on Apple iPhone 7 series in India Apple's new iPhone 7 series looks similar to the 2015 series iPhone 6S in terms of exterior appearance, but it's internal hardware has completely been overhauled. Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus come with better camera, improved battery life and increased storage capacity. Read more: Apple iPhone 7 v iPhone 6S series: What's changed? Official price of Apple iPhone 7 series: Models Models Price Apple iPhone 7 32GB Rs. 60,000 128GB Rs. 70,000 256GB Rs. 80,000 Apple iPhone 7 Plus 32GB Rs. 72,000 128GB Rs. 82,000 256GB Rs. 92,000 Key specifications of Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus: Models Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Display 4.7-inch (diagonal) LED‑backlit widescreen with Retina HD (1334x750p) resolution Multi-Touch display with IPS technology Pixel density: 326 ppi 1400:1 contrast ratio (typical) Wide colour display (P3) 625 cd/m2 max brightness (typical) Dual-domain pixels for wide viewing angles Fingerprint-resistant oleophobic coating Support for display of multiple languages and characters simultaneously Display Zoom Reachability 5.5-inch (diagonal) LED‑backlit widescreen with Retina HD (1080x1920p) resolution Multi-Touch display with IPS technology Pixel density: 401 ppi 1300:1 contrast ratio (typical) Wide colour display (P3) 625 cd/m2 max brightness (typical) Dual-domain pixels for wide viewing angles Fingerprint-resistant oleophobic coating Support for display of multiple languages and characters simultaneously Display Zoom Reachability OS Apple iOS v10 Apple iOS v10 Processor 64-bit architure-based A10 Fusion chip with M10 motion coprocessor(It has a 64-bit 4-core. Dual-core processors which is 40 percent faster than the A9. Other two cores are "high efficiency" and use 1/5 power to save batter life of the device and graphics processor is 50 percent faster than the A9 CPU) 64-bit architure-based A10 Fusion chip with M10 motion coprocessor(It has a 64-bit 4-core. Dual-core processors which is 40 percent faster than the A9. Other two cores are "high efficiency" and use 1/5 power to save batter life of the device and graphics processor is 50 percent faster than the A9 CPU) RAM 2GB 3GB Storage 32GB/128GB/256GB 32GB/128GB/256GB Camera Main: 12MP camera with f/1.8 aperture, digital zoon (up to 5x), Optical image Stabilisation, six-element lens, Quad-LED True Tone flash, Panorama (up to 63 megapixels), Sapphire crystal lens cover, Backside illumination sensor, Hybrid IR filter, Autofocus with Focus Pixels, Tap to focus with Focus Pixels, Live Photos with stabilization, Wide colour capture for photos and Live Photos, Improved local tone mapping, Body and face detection, Exposure control, Noise reduction, Auto HDR for photos, Auto image stabilization, Burst mode, Timer mode, Photo geo-taggingFront: 7-megapixel photos, 1080p HD video recording, Retina Flash, ƒ/2.2 aperture, Wide colour capture for photos and Live Photos, Auto HDR, Backside illumination sensor, Body and face detection, Auto image stabilization, Burst mode, Exposure control, Timer mode Main: 12MP camera (ƒ/1.8 aperture) with wide-angle field of view + telephoto camera (ƒ/1.9 aperture), Optical zoom at 2x, digital zoom up to 10x, Optical image Stabilisation, six-element lens, Quad-LED True Tone flash, Panorama (up to 63 megapixels), Sapphire crystal lens cover, Backside illumination sensor, Hybrid IR filter, Autofocus with Focus Pixels, Tap to focus with Focus Pixels, Live Photos with stabilization, Wide colour capture for photos and Live Photos, Improved local tone mapping, Body and face detection, Exposure control, Noise reduction, Auto HDR for photos, Auto image stabilization, Burst mode, Timer mode, Photo geo-taggingFront: 7-megapixel photos, 1080p HD video recording, Retina Flash, ƒ/2.2 aperture, Wide colour capture for photos and Live Photos, Auto HDR, Backside illumination sensor, Body and face detection, Auto image stabilization, Burst mode, Exposure control, Timer mode Additional camera features 4K video recording at 30 fps 1080p HD video recording at 30 fps or 60 fps 720p HD video recording at 30 fps Optical image stabilisation for video Optical zoom at 2x; 6x digital zoom (iPhone 7 Plus only) Quad-LED True Tone flash Slow-motion video support for 1080p at 120 fps and 720p at 240 fps Time-lapse video with stabilisation Cinematic video stabilisation(1080p and 720p) Continuous autofocus video Body and face detection Noise reduction Take 8-megapixel still photos while recording 4K video Playback zoom Video geo-tagging 4K video recording at 30 fps 1080p HD video recording at 30 fps or 60 fps 720p HD video recording at 30 fps Optical image stabilisation for video Optical zoom at 2x; 6x digital zoom (iPhone 7 Plus only) Quad-LED True Tone flash Slow-motion video support for 1080p at 120 fps and 720p at 240 fps Time-lapse video with stabilisation Cinematic video stabilisation (1080p and 720p) Continuous autofocus video Body and face detection Noise reduction Take 8-megapixel still photos while recording 4K video Playback zoom Video geo-tagging Battery Talk time (wireless): Up to 14 hours on 3G Standby: Up to 10 days Internet use: Up to 12 hours on 3G Up to 14 hours on Wi-Fi Wireless video playback: Up to 13 hours Wireless audio playback: Up to 40 hours Talk time (wireless): Up to 21 hours on 3G Standby: Up to 16 days Internet use: Up to 13 hours on 3G Up to 15 hours on Wi-Fi Wireless video playback: Up to 14 hours Wireless audio playback: Up to 60 hours Network 4G-LTE 4G-LTE Add-ons Wi-Fi (802.11a/b/g/n/ac with MIMO), Bluetooth 4.2 wireless technology NFC, Near Field Communication, Assisted GPS and GLONASS, Digital compass Wi-Fi (802.11a/b/g/n/ac with MIMO), Bluetooth 4.2 wireless technology NFC, Near Field Communication, Assisted GPS and GLONASS, Digital compass Dimensions 138.3 x 67.1 x 7.1 mm 158.2 x 77.9 x 7.3 mm Weight 138g 188g Colours Jet Black (exclusive to 12GB/256GB), Black, Gold, Rose Gold and Silver Jet Black (exclusive to 12GB/256GB), Black, Gold, Rose Gold and Silver Quick Links Apple IPhone 7 Post Comment IBT TV Close Russia: Police detain robot for attending political rally Why advertise with us? Latest News OnePlus 4 now rumoured to feature dual rear cameras upon release 3 minutes ago By Rahul R Resort to chekcing your Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus now for Android Nougat OS update 1 hour ago By Rahul R Editor's Pick Supermoon 2016: When and where to watch Earth's close encounter with moon WATCH NEW Ghost in the Shell Trailer: Scarlett Johansson IS The Major Why advertise with us? most popular Jio 1Gbps GigaFiber rollout update: Will the high-speed optic fibre broadband be worth the wait? Will you be willing to give up your broadband for Jio's GigaFiber? Apple AirPods set to hit stores next week Apple's much awaited AirPods are expected to be released in Europe later this month. Apple iPhone 8 to come with drastically changed display panel Apple's iPhone 7 series successor, iPhone 8 is expected to come with massive upgrades in terms of design language and display panel. Does Reliance Jio free voice call get limited to less than 30 minutes? Do let us know, if your Reliance Jio free voice call got disconnected mid-way even though there were no official call drops. Xiaomi Mi 3W, Mi 4 get Android Nougat update via CyanogenMod CM 14.1 custom ROM Here's a tutorial on how to install CyanogenMod CM14.1 Android 7.1 Nougat custom ROM on Xiaomi Mi 3W and Mi 4. Resort to chekcing your Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus now for Android Nougat OS update Rumour mills are currently abuzz with a lot of things concerning Android Nougat rollout to Moto G4 and Moto G4 Plus. ZTE reveals Android Nougat release details for Axon 7 ZTE's flagship smartphone Axon 7 is expected to receive Android Nougat update early next year. The story of Facebook killing millions, and bringing them back to life Facebook acknowledged the bug and fixed it. Photo Gallery Katrina Kaif, Ileana D'Cruz at Lux Golden Rose Awards 2016 Bollywood celebs like Katrina Kaif, Ileana D'Cruz at Lux Golden Rose Awards 2016. Deepika Padukone at Lux Golden Rose Awards 2016 Photos of Bollywood actress Deepika Padukone at Lux Golden Rose Awards 2016. Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Fitness News / Save £60 on Apple Watch – now just £199 at Argos Save £60 on Apple Watch – now just £199 at Argos by Sean Keach 07 October 2016 0 shares Read Comments The new Apple Watch Series 2 has arrived, which means last year’s Apple Watch is now available at a decent price. Argos has discounted the Apple Watch from £259 to £199, saving you a respectable £60 on Apple’s first ever smartwatch. You can grab the deal in various colour, band, and size options too. The one we’ve linked to is the 38mm Space Grey Case and Black Woven Strap option. The Apple Watch features a 1.7-inch OLED touchscreen, Bluetooth 4.0, an optical heart rate sensor, a large range of straps, Siri support, and a built-in microphone and speaker for making calls. Buy Now: Apple Watch at Argos for £199 What we said We gave the Apple Watch a 6/10 score, praising its design, Force Touch functionality, and how comfortable it was to wear. Here’s our verdict: "The Apple Watch is the most beautiful smartwatch around – it’s head and shoulders above anything Google and its Android Wear partners have come up with." What owners say On Argos, the Apple Watch has a 4.9/5 score based on 3 user reviews. Users wrote: “If you are hooked on Apple products like me, you will love to get an Apple Watch.” “Very useful product.” “At £199, this is much better value than before. Not enough specification difference to the new Series 2 Watch to justify the price difference.” You may also like: 4 of the best cheap TV deals in the UK this week 8 of the best SIM-only deals in the UK right now Best Xbox One Deals this week 5 of the best cheap laptop deals right now Best Black Friday deals How good a deal is this? It’s usually very difficult to find discounted Apple products, so that’s why this is a particularly good deal. While the Apple Watch in this particular deal might be from the last generation, it’s by no means old. Plus, it will still run on the latest watchOS 3 software, which includes a number of performance improvements. At £199, this is a steal. Buy Now: Apple Watch at Argos for £199 Related: CES 2017 Watch: Apple Watch Series 2 vs Series 1 Have you spotted any great tech deals recently? Let us know in the comments. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home Mobiles Reviews Gadgets Features Top 10 Mobiles How to Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Gadgets Reviews Features How To Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Home  |  Mobile  |  Features  | 5 things you should know before buying an Apple iPhone 7 5 things you should know before buying an Apple iPhone 7 By: Rohit Arora Updated: Friday, October 7, 2016, 15:28 [IST] It's the day Apple fanboys have been waiting for in India since Tim Cook announced the 2016 flagship smartphones in San Francisco. Apple iPhone 7 is now official in Indian market and can be yours without any further wait. The smartphone is Apple's most advanced handset till date and packs a lot of punch when it comes to hardware and software it packs underneath. SEE ALSO: Should You Buy an Apple iPhone 7 or Look for These Affordable Options Let's Find Out However, there are some important things that you should know before spending your hard earned cash on the Apple's new products. Here you go. No 3.5mm headphone jack Apple has always been known for taking a step further but that doesn't mean it's always for your benefit. The lack of the headphone jack is by far the biggest shortcoming in the latest iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. If you are buying the new iPhone today, be ready for the hassle of an extra connector- Lightning to 3.5mm adapter to use your standard 3.5mm headphones with the new smartphones. Thank god Apple is shipping the smartphone with earpods with Lightning connectors and the adapter. No 16GB and 64GB Storage option Sadly, there's no 16GB variant for the iPhone 7. The base model now starts from 32GB instead, which is good news for many but that also tips the lowest official price to Rs 60,000. Moreover, Apple is also not offering 64GB variants of the new iPhones and you have to settle with 128GB after the 32GB storage variant. Adding to this, the Jet Black variant is only available in 128GB and 256GB storage models, and there's no 32GB model in this colour. Same design and no significant improvement in battery The new iPhones looks more or less similar to iPhone 6/6S and has been given some minor cosmetic changes in terms of design. Moreover, there's no significant improvement on battery grounds. SEE ALSO: 5 exciting features exclusive to Google Pixel smartphones Price and Availability The 32GB base model of iPhone 7 is priced at Rs. 60,000. The 128GB variant comes at Rs.70,000 and you have to spent Rs. 80,000 for the 256GB iPhone 7. You have to shell out Rs. 72,000 for the 32GB 128GB model, Rs. 82,000 for the 128GB variant and Rs. 92,000 for the 256GB storage variant. You can buy the new iPhones on retail stores across the country and online portals like Flipkart, Paytm, Amazon, Snapdeal, Infibeam, etc. and can avail cashbacks and other offers. Other options worth considering We understand that the new iPhones are tempting but that doesn't mean their Android counterparts are not worthy of your attention. You can buy a flagship Android smartphone and can even save for your next holiday trip. Some sensible options are- Samsung galaxy S7/S7 Edge, LG G5, HTC 10, OnePlus 3, Sony Xperia XZ and recently launched Moto Z and Moto Z Play that offers modular design Furthermore, if you can wait for a week, you can get your hands on Google Pixel smartphones. The new phones- Pixel and Pixel XL are first Google branded products and offers the best of hardware and software experience. Google Pixel smartphones offer access to Google Assistant, highest rated camera, unlimited storage space, and pixel launcher which are exclusive to these smartphones only. Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Specifications Photos Videos News Specifications Photos Videos News Apple iPhone 7 (Gold, 32GB) 57,998 Apple iPhone 7 Plus (Rose Gold, 32GB) 71,500 Gallery   |   11 Photos Apple iPhone 7 +See All Read More About iphone 7 | iphone 7 plus | apple | smartphones | news Story first published: Friday, October 7, 2016, 15:09 [IST] Other articles published on Oct 7, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... Buying Guide: 5 Things to Keep in Mind Before You Buy A Power Bank LeEco to Launch New Products in India Soon, Says Chairman YT Jia Latest Instagram Update Brings Support for Boomerang and Mentions Usage in Stories [APK Download] Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Top 5 Feature Phones to Buy in India Under Rs 2,000 Android Users Can Create Photo Animation Without Internet 5 Most Commonly Asked Questions About WhatsApp on Quora Facebook Messenger: Here's a Guide to Send Secret Conversations Vivo V5 and V5 Plus to Sport a 20MP Front-Facing Camera Airtel, Vodafone, Idea and BSNL Line Up Attractive Data Offers You’ll Be Shocked to Know How Facebook Protects Its Users' Security Microsoft Office for Android will be supported on Chrome OS Snapdeal Launches Special Curated Store Ahead of Children's Day 5 Notable Changes Reliance Jio Has Brought in Indian Telecom Sector Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers latest mobiles And Tablets ZTE BV0800 Gionee S9 Intex Aqua Power M Celkon Trendz Asus Zenfone Go 5.5 ZB551KL Asus ZenFone 3 Max ZC553KL Panasonic P71 Hyve Pryme Micromax Canvas Tab P290 iBall Slide Brace X1 4G iBall Slide Brace X1 Mini iBall Slide Brace X1 Asus Zenpad C 7.0 Z170CG Acer Iconia One 7 B1 740 Swipe Slate 8 iBall Slide DD-1GB popular mobile And Tablet Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Samsung Galaxy Note 7 LeEco Le 2 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Lenovo Vibe K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2016) BlackBerry PlayBook (32GB) Apple iPad 2 Wi-Fi 16GB Sony Xperia Tablet Z LTE Samsung P1000 Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 P5100 Samsung Google Nexus 10 P8110 (16GB) Apple iPad mini Wi-Fi + Cellular 16GB BlackBerry PlayBook (16GB) X SUBSCRIBE GIZBOT NEWSLETTER Get Latest Technology News From India And Around The World Into Your Inbox Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles Asus ZenFone 3 Max ZC520TLMicromax X940Videocon Graphite2 V45GDSamsung Galaxy On NxtLYF F1 PlusVideocon Krypton2 V50GIInFocus F130InFocus F115Swipe Elite 2 PlusInFocus EPIC 1Intex Cloud Scan FPIntex Aqua Raze 2LYF Wind 4SMicromax X781Intex Aqua S2 Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
null
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Samsung Galaxy Note 7 iPhone 7 Google Pixel Moto Z Play Xiaomi Mi Mix OnePlus 3T ZenFone 3 Max Nokia D1C is a phone not a tablet, images leak online Samsung to launch AI digital assistant service for Galaxy S8 Microsoft stops selling Windows 7, Windows 8 BlackBerry launches DTEK50, DTEK60 Android phones in India Home > Technology > Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus: Everything you should know before shelling out Rs 60,000 Saurabh Singh   |   @singh_saurabh10 Last Updated: OCT 07, 2016 New Delhi Email Author Apple's new batch of iPhones -- the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus -- have landed in India ahead of the festive season. Apple, of course, must be looking to cash in on the festivities. That being said, it is very important to know everything about the new iPhones, before you go about buying them because well, you know, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost a bomb in India. Also Read: No midnight launch for iPhone 7 in India, new iPhones will go on sale Friday evening More importantly -- unlike before -- this time round the premium flagship phone market is buzzing with activity which means there are plenty of great options that you can check out and then make an informed choice. But then again, if you're one who is already invested in the idea of an iPhone and iOS, chances are you would absolutely want to have one. It's a hard decision to make if you already own iPhone 6S Follow-ups to last year's iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus, the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus -- as largely expected - don't reinvent the wheel, and rather sum up as mere incremental upgrades to their predecessor phones. That being said, all the new increments brought in, work towards refining a product that is already considered by many as one of the best that there is in the market. But an increment is still an increment. If you already own an iPhone 6S or iPhone 6S Plus, we suggest you hold on to it. If however you own an iPhone 6, the iPhone 7 would make more sense for you because the changes therein are huge. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus broadly focus on durability, photography and audio aspects. They look exactly like last year's iPhones with only subtle differences that are really hard to tell. These are much like the Samsung Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge. You don't necessarily need them if you already own the Galaxy S6 and the Galaxy S6 Edge, unless of course, you must. It's more a want versus need battle that you'll have to fight with yourself. To Jet Black or not is the question The iPhone this year has a fancier version, that Apple calls Jet Black. It's basically Apple's first all-glass iPhone. Not to mention, it is very very glossy and prone to scratches. In fact, Apple itself has advised buyers from being extra cautious should they buy the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in Jet Black. "The high-gloss finish of the jet black iPhone 7 is achieved through a precision nine-step anodisation and polishing process. Its surface is equally as hard as other anodised Apple products; however, its high shine may show fine micro-abrasions with use. If you are concerned about this, we suggest you use one of the many cases available to protect your iPhone," Apple says about the Jet Black variant. Also Read: Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus launched in India, price starts at Rs 60,000 It must also be understood that the Jet Black iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are limited edition iPhones, only available in 128GB and 256GB memory options. They are also extremely difficult to buy due to their limited availability, even more so in India. All the retailers that we checked with confirmed to us, that there will be no Jet Black iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus available for sale, at least, to begin with. iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are water-resistant, not waterproof The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are Apple's first iPhones ever to be IP67 certified for dust and water resistance. The new batch of iPhones is, according to Apple, splash, water, and dust resistant. Though, it is also quick to mention that the aforementioned capabilities have been tested under controlled laboratory conditions, which means you're not advised to play nasty with the iPhone 7 in real-world usage. You must be careful, it cautions, and does not offer liquid damage cover should things get out of hand. "Splash, water, and dust resistance are not permanent conditions and resistance might decrease as a result of normal wear. Do not attempt to charge a wet iPhone. Liquid damage not covered under warranty," Apple mentions clearly on its official web page. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus are not truly waterproof, anyway. At most, they can survive an accidental fall in the sink. Do not even think about dunking the iPhone 7 into a pool of water. And, as per Apple, the resistance might decrease further with every casual splash encounter. The Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge, offer a slightly higher level of water resistance in that these are IP68 certified. Only iPhone 7 Plus has dual cameras, iPhone 7 doesn't Unlike last year, this year's iPhones differ in more ways than one -- size and battery -- and therefore, can stand as two distinct iPhones. Apple's iPhone has been facing stiff competition from Samsung's new breed of Galaxy S phones in the camera department. The iPhone 6 (and 6S) was the de-facto go-to smartphone for top-notch camera capabilities once upon a time. The Samsung Galaxy S6, and now the Galaxy S7 have changed that. For the first time, an Android OEM can compete with Apple in this regard. Moreover, others in the trade -- like HTC, Sony et al -- are slowly catching up. Apple had to come back with something more, something better. Its new iPhones are exactly what the doctor ordered for the Cupertino major, if the company's claims are to be gone by. Apple has incorporated Optical Image Stabilisation in the iPhone 7 while the iPhone 7 Plus comes with dual cameras on the rear. The iPhone 7 comes with a 12-megapxiel camera on the rear with f/1.8 aperture, OIS and 4 LEDs. The rear sensor is 20 per cent more energy efficient, says Apple. Live photos are supported, so are RAW image files. On the front, there is a 7-megapixel camera, up from the 5-megapixel sensor on-board the previous versions. Also Read: Waterproof iPhone 7 has no liquid damage warranty and that is alright The dual camera setup in the iPhone 7 Plus meanwhile consists of two 12-megapixel cameras: one consisting of a wide-angle lens while another with a telephoto lens. The iPhone 7 Plus with its twin cameras can take pretty impressive photos with shallow depth of field, or bokeh, according to Apple. That ability, however, would come later via a software update. For now, all that the iPhone 7 Plus' second rear camera can do is zoom up to 2X optically, and up to 10X digitally. The curious case of the missing headphone jack The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus do not have a 3.5mm audio jack which means there is only a single connectivity (lightning) port for charging, data syncing and audio out in the new iPhones. The company has designed wireless EarPods called AirPods for the new iPhones. The AirPods (including charging case) will be available for Rs 15,400 in India, beginning in late October. The company has said that all models will include EarPods with Lightning Connector and a Lightning to 3.5 mm Headphone Jack Adapter inside the box which means you won't have to throw away your existing 3.5mm headphones, yet. That being said, you will have to carry a dongle with you at all times if you're into listening to music on the go. Also, you can't charge the iPhone and listen to music at the same time. Additionally, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus come with stereo speakers: a first for Apple. Apple says the new iPhones are twice as loud as the outgoing models. Storage and battery life RIP 16GB base memory. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus will be available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB memory options. The exclusive Jet Black variant will however be only available in 128GB and 256GB storage options. There is still no expandable storage though. The new iPhones are claimed to have the longest battery life ever in an iPhone, according to Apple. We do not know, for now, the battery capacity that is inside the two iPhones. Hopefully, they live up to Apple's tall claims. They must. Samsung's Galaxy S phones have really upped their game in this regard and have the added advantage of supporting wireless charging. Pricing and availability The new iPhones will be available for buying, in India, starting from October 7, 7PM IST. India Today Tech has cross checked with a number of retailers in the national capital, and each one has confirmed to us that the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus will be available for purchasing from Friday 7PM. Note that, the new iPhones have been up for pre-order online via select retailers and e-retailers like Flipkart for some time now. Those who have pre-booked the phones will of course receive the same as scheduled. Also Read: iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus: Are they any different from iPhone 6S, iPhone 6S Plus? Yes! But, not by much The iPhone 7 starts at Rs 60,000 for the base 32GB variant and goes all the way up to Rs 92,000 for the top-end 256GB version of the iPhone 7 Plus.   For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Slow Jio 4G speed: Here's a method to increase Jio speed but why bother WhatsApp now rolls out video calling feature, for now in beta Jio 4G may remain free until March 2017: Report 32 lakh ATM cards hacked: Is your debit card safe and should you change PIN? Reviews Asus ZenFone 3 Max (ZC553KL) review: All that metal can't make it shine Canon 5D Mark IV review: Big, bulky and the best Skullcandy Ink'd wireless headphone review: All about bass and beats Civilization VI review: A game where Gandhi Ji threatens to use nuclear bomb Motorola Moto Z review: The most underrated phone of 2016 VIDEOS Tech News: Google updates, Tesla's solar roof tiles and OnePlus 4 Civilization VI: Game review Sony Xperia XZ: Review more Tech Tips Want to upload high quality photos on Facebook, try these tricks 1000s of sites blocked in India. But this simple trick will open them all Using public WiFi? Here are 5 ways to stay safe from hackers Explained: How to doodle on pics before clicking them with WhatsApp Hello Allo! 10 tips to use Google's new chat app in best way more Talking Points Priya Pathak5 reasons why a good Android phone still wins over the iPhone Javed AnwerGoogle Pixel is expensive because its price is about sending a message Javed AnwerHave a Jio 4G SIM? Don't use it for work or business Javed AnwerJio 4G: Time for Reliance to realise that free SIM cards, freeloaders are hurting it Javed AnwerPixel is good beginning, but Google's best phone will come in 2017 more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
null
Wednesday, October 12, 2016  |  Muharram 11, 1438 Business Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism From left: senior correspondent for Marketplace Molly Wood, editorial director TED Radio Hour Guy Raz, and creator of This American Life Ira Glass discuss podcasts during Advertising Week in September 2015. Paul Zimmerman / Getty Images for AWXII Illustration by Alvaro Sanmarti / The National 10 money podcasts to help you brush up on personal finance Suzanne Locke October 7, 2016 Updated: October 12, 2016 08:19 PM Related Having trouble saving money in the UAE? Try zero sum budgeting and ‘spend’ every dirham The Egyptian economy is running on empty as it awaits a recharge of energy strategy Millennials skip the middleman in financial planning Consider your financial priorities and set targets Make sure you set some money aside in a troubled economy Topics: Money tips and advice Financial literacy Podcasts have been around for as long as the iPod for which they were named. But their popularity has skyrocketed in the past couple of years – with personal finance one of the most popular subjects. Some 57 million Americans – more than a fifth of the population over the age of 12 – now listen to at least one podcast a month, according to Edison Research. That is as many as use Twitter. Monthly podcast listenership has soared by 75 per cent in just three years. So what is a podcast? Really nothing more than a radio show that you listen to in your own time. There are more than a quarter of a million available on iTunes – close to 2,000 about business – and more than a billion subscriptions are made in Apple’s Podcasts app. "Podcasts are an engaging way to learn or brush up on a subject," says David Pitt-Watson, an executive fellow of finance at London Business School and co-author of What They Do With Your Money. "That’s a real boon when it comes to investments. A whole book can prove daunting, and professional advice is often costly and sometimes self-serving." But he warns you cannot know if the advice given by podcast hosts is "comprehensive", or their motive in creating the podcast – and he says there is never a "magic formula which gives outperformance". __________ Keep updated ■ The National also puts out a business podcast. Tune in here. __________ To tune in, you can stream a podcast directly from a website or download one to your phone or tablet to listen to any time, even without an internet connection. The easiest way to subscribe is through iTunes, although there are many apps – Apple’s Podcasts for the iPhone and Stitcher for Android, and others such as Overcast and Pocket Casts. Here we review 10 of the most popular personal finance podcasts: Meaningful Money Pete Matthew, the managing director of the UK-based Jacksons Wealth Management, uses "simple, everyday language" to provide information and advice in two segments: everything you need to know and everything you need to do to move forward with that subject. Although professionally made, this podcast series has a very personal feel as Mr Matthew is very bubbly for a financial adviser. Voted podcast of the year at the UK Podcast Awards 2015, Meaningful Money is downloaded about 6,000 times a week and there is an archive of 175 episodes to listen to if you get hooked. Try The lazy person’s guide to investing, Financial planning for divorce and The (only) three uses of money. Origin: United Kingdom How long: 17 to 50 minutes, although most hit the 30-minute mark How often: Weekly BiggerPockets The top-rated real estate show on iTunes, with some 90,000 listens per show, this has been running since 2013 and has almost 200 episodes in the archive. Joshua Dorkin, the founder of BiggerPockets real estate social network, and investor Brandon Turner provide investing tips and resources, and interview investors on anything from long term rentals to short-term flipping – try Finding and managing rental properties while working full-time. The network boasts 263,000 members. The shows are on the long side, but with the odd nugget of solid advice for would-be American property lords – if you have the patience to listen to the whole show. Origin: United States How long: 60 to 80 minutes How often: Weekly Financial Times Money Show You don’t get much for free from the FT but its podcasts are, and this is their most popular one. It offers UK-centric advice, mostly from the FT’s money and digital editors, that focuses not just "on the pounds in your pocket but the policy and politics behind it". A great episode is on teaching your children (probably those of a generation of wealthy bankers) about money and wealth – Warren Buffett apparently says you should leave them enough to do anything, but not enough to do nothing. Another is a full Brexit FAQ. Hard Currency is another FT podcast to try, focusing on the week ahead for international currencies. Origin: UK How long: About 20 minutes in average How often: Weekly Money Girl’s Quick and Dirty Tips for a Richer Life "Short and friendly" is how Texas-based Money Girl Laura Adams dubs herself in this podcast from the Macmillan’s Quick and Dirty Tips Network, where transcripts and links to sites mentioned in the podcast are available. Originally planned to run for 10 minutes, episode length has crept up but is still bite-sized at under half an hour. This podcast is aimed at millennials, and is popular with the demographic, being downloaded up to half a million times a week. Popular episodes include Five ways to get a loan with bad credit and How to pay off debt by making more money, but the podcasts are as varied as saving money at farmers’ markets and spending less on clothes while building a better wardrobe. "Live rich and enjoy the journey", as Ms Adams says in her podcast slogan. Origin: US How long: From eight to 25 minutes How often: Weekly Expatfocus.com This podcast covers the everyday stuff about living in various countries, from Costa Rica to France. There’s a very small and sporadic library of podcasts and only a couple that focus on money – such as an interview with an author on how to make a living from writing books about expat life and the best ways to organise your currency transfers. There are only a few expat podcasts out there, and those that exist seem to focus on Americans living in South America or expat parenting. Definitely, a massive gap in the market. Origin: UK How long: 10 to 30 minutes How often: Only eight episodes in total WSJ – Your Money Matters For five minutes a day, The Wall Street Journal will update you on the latest global markets, economy and money news. Personal finance episodes include How to buy a vacation home with a buddy and Does student debt lead to lower grades? although there are also episodes on the US election’s effects on the economy and markets, and Twitter moving into live streaming, so all business news is covered. The WSJ teamed up with huge podcasting network Panoply, to launch this and 11 other podcasts late last year. It’s fairly dry but a very quick way to upload finance knowledge. Origin: US How long: Five to 11 minutes How often: Daily Planet Money From podcast giants National Public Radio, this focuses on the economy in the news. Why is the milk in the back of the store?, Why do textbook prices keep rising?, Is a Stradivarius just a violin (or, how much of a brand is real?), There is a special series of five episodes on oil – from buying it to who sets the prices to fracking to uses for oil and a world without oil). Chatty and informative, this would be a great one to help broaden your economic knowledge – although perhaps not, directly, your personal finance decisions. But definitely some great dinner table topic titbits. Origin: United Kingdom How long: 15 to 20 minutes on average How often: Every two to five days Dubai Eye Business Breakfast Not so much a podcast as recordings of 103.8’s morning on-air interviews from presenters Brandy Scott, Malcolm Taylor and Richard Dean. However, it’s the closest thing to a regional finance podcast from the station’s most popular show, now 12 years old. The podcasts can only be found on their website, so this is not a show to download. Ms Scott says: "The podcasts give our listeners the chance to go back and hear an interview at their leisure. Information that people can really use in their day-to-day lives, like personal finance advice, is information they will take the time to listen to." Good recent interviews include why the UAE is doing well in terms of global competitiveness, London’s property market post-Brexit and the growth of tourism in Ras Al Khaimah. Origin: UAE How long: About 10 minutes How often: Two to five interviews a day Linda Jones, Be Wealthy & Smart Not to be confused with Linda Jones, who has a podcast on nursing, Linda P Jones is a self-made millionaire and investment coach, who says she made US$2 million by the age of 39 through her investments and now considers herself "America’s Wealth Mentor". She started her podcast a year ago, after a 25-year career in the finance world. Her advice hinges on putting a financial map together and not being ashamed to chase your dreams, like lusting after million-dollar properties (listen to The one thing that’s holding you back from your goals). By and large, this didn’t do it for me as Ms Jones takes time to get to the point. One good episode was on owning versus renting your home. Her advice is to minimise housing moves, one of the most expensive outlays in your life – and also to pay down an extra one-twelfth per month to clear the mortgage early. Origin: US How long: Varies massively, from five minutes to an hour How often: Every two to three days Industry Focus from Motley Fool Looks at a different sector of the US stock market every day – a good way to get a deep dive into company and sector performance, from health care to technology and energy to consumer goods. Episodes include Is $80 the new $100 for oil producer profitability?, The surprise state leading the way in wind energy (it’s Texas) and Twitter rumour mill: How should Twitter shareholders feel? A little slow moving, but short enough to keep you interested, particularly if stocks are your thing. Origin: US How long: 13 to 36 minutes, average 30 How often: Daily, Monday to Friday pf@thenational.ae Follow us on Twitter @TheNationalPF Pages: Add your comment View all comments Related Having trouble saving money in the UAE? Try zero sum budgeting and ‘spend’ every dirham The Egyptian economy is running on empty as it awaits a recharge of energy strategy Millennials skip the middleman in financial planning Consider your financial priorities and set targets More Personal Finance Money and Me: Always account for more Follow your passion – but plan it carefully UAE employee’s unlimited contract not subject to penalty This week in money MOST VIEWED Business | All Abu Dhabi’s Royal Jet offers VIP alternative to travelling first class Trump election win looms large over World Economic Forum event in Dubai Etihad Airways on the lookout for new pilots in Europe Saudi Arabia and Alabbar eye online retail domination Dubai Parks operator aims to lift revenue as costs rise Head of GE Oil & Gas says oil industry cuts not done yet A380s and Boeing 777s make up Emirates’ entire fleet as it scores a world’s first Agility in search of PPP deals in the UAE says its chief executive Chinese interest in Dubai Green Fund India’s currency move will hit property and gold More Most Viewed UAE detection stations fully operational after meteor hits Abu Dhabi Girl, 16, trafficked to Dubai and forced into prostitution, court hears American-Iranian political tensions will only escalate Watch out for the supermoon on Monday Muhammad Surur and the normalisation of extremism This Moon will be truly super Abu Dhabi’s Royal Jet offers VIP alternative to travelling first class Having trouble saving money in the UAE? Try zero sum budgeting and ‘spend’ every dirham Gargash: US’s role in the Gulf cannot be compromised by Trump presidency Trump election win looms large over World Economic Forum event in Dubai More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS India’s currency move will hit property and gold President Trump - What exactly does that mean? Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Watch out for the supermoon on Monday Hate crime and Islamophobia increases after Trump victory About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা മലയാളം हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা മലയാളം Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile Photo Gallery Videos SPORTS Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science SHOWBIZ Red Hot Reviews Movies Glamtalk Bookworm TV Celebrity Romance Recipes Pics Video And More HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO 290 US votes for trump 232 NewsTrump's JourneyHillary Accepts DefeatResult AnalysisWorld ViewHistoryAstroPics Latest News » Technology » Mobiles ﻿ Month-long wait for iPhone 7 to come to an end today; Apple fans are you ready? Last Updated: Friday, October 7, 2016 - 14:17 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Follow @ZeeNews New Delhi/Gurgaon: The month-long wait to grab an iPhone 7 is set to come to an end on Friday as Apple enthusiasts who pre-ordered their devices began queuing up at Apple flagship and retail stores where the devices are now available. The much awaited iPhone 7 is making its India debut at 7 pm across the country. E-tailer Flipkart said it is ready to make deliveries right at customers` doorsteps from 7 p.m. "Thousands of customers across India have pre-ordered the iPhone from Flipkart. Ekart, Flipkart`s supply chain arm, has readied a full force of delivery executives to make sure its customers get hold of their phones right from 7 pm today," the company said in a statement. Flipkart CEO Binny Bansal will be among the executives to deliver iPhone 7 in Bengaluru. The iPhone 7 -- launched at a grand US event on September 7 -- was first made available in 28 countries on September 16. Coming in silver, gold, rose gold and the new black finish (jet black), iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB models, starting at Rs 60,000. iPhone 7 features breakthrough new camera systems, the best battery life ever in an iPhone and water and dust resistance. The device also has a dual core processor with GPU that is up to two times faster.   IANS First Published: Friday, October 7, 2016 - 14:17 More from zeenews   India Guru Nanak Jayanti: PM Narendra Modi greets people on Gurupurab Demonetisation: LS Speaker calls all-party meet as Opposition gears up for showdown with Narendra Modi govt Nation pays tribute to Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru on his 127th birth anniversary More from India World Donald Trump says will take USD 1 as his salary with no vacations Donald Trump to forgo salary as US president New Zealand PM cancels Argentina trip after quake More from World Sports Rajkot Test: England skipper Alastair Cook defends 'late' declaration, says it was fair Lost and Found: Rio Olympian thanks 'Signora Mara' for medal found in rubbish heap Who the heck is Haseeb Hameed? India wants to know More from Sports Entertainment Shah Rukh Khan is comfortable with women, says Katrina Kaif Jacqueline Fernandez is the entertainer of the year! Vidya Balan’s perception about Bollywood has evolved with time More from Entertaiment Health Do you know diabetes can severely affect your skin? Read With a surge in diabetic retinopathy, does India have enough avenues to deal with it? Flu shots, access to medication help kids combat asthma More from Health Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Most Read Most Viewed Note ban: PM Modi pledges fifty days; is India ready to cooperate? Watch: PM Modi speaks on demonetisation, black money Watch: PM Modi speaks on demonetisation, black money - Part II Dr Subhash Chandra Show: Know the importance of having a purpose in life Note ban: Dr Subhash Chandra appeals to people for patience and time OMG! Locals cut open giant snake... guess what comes out next – this viral video crossed over 2 lakh views DISTURBING VIDEO: Man dies of heart attack while talking to family - Weak-hearted people SHOULDN'T WATCH Demonetisation: Banks issue new series of Rs 500 notes Bigg Boss 10: This is what Salman Khan has to say about Narendra Modi's demonetisation masterstroke What happens when you crush or dip in water your new Rs 2,000 note – Watch the video Related News Apple selling refurbished unlocked 16GB iPhone 6S Plus in online stores   Ireland launches appeal against EU Apple tax ruling Apple unveils new MacBook Pro laptops; price starts at $1,499 Apple updates its video editing app Final Cut Pro X Samsung maintains lead in smartphone segment despite Note 7 debacle TAGS Apple Apple iphone 7 Apple iphone 7 Plus Apple iPhone 7 India launch Apple iPhone 7 pus india launch Apple iPhone 7 india price Apple iPhone 7 plus india price Photos Chitrangda Singh at an event in Sydney, Australia, I love this look- Sophie Choudry, Twitter@iamsrk New currency note of Rs 500, Aditi Ashok with Hero Women's Indian Open Golf trophy, Recovered more than one crore black mone 22nd Kolkata International Film Festival Top Videos ATM withdrawal limit increased to Rs 2,500; exchange limit Rs 4500/day Watch: PM Modi speaks on demonetisation, black money Note ban: PM Modi pledges fifty days; is India ready to cooperate? Earthquake of intensity 7.4 hits New Zealand; tsunami alert issued More from other Sections Usain Bolt all set to train with Borussia Dortmund, confirms club's CEO Hans-Joachim Watzke PV Sindhu says she wants to clinch All England Championship as a mark of respect for coach Pullela Gopichand Kartik Poornima or Dev Deepavali 2016: Here’s how it is celebrated Guru Nanak Jayanti: Know more about the sacred Panj Takht Five reasons why screening for type 2 diabetes is important! World Diabetes Day 2016: How can diabetes affect your eyes? contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info WHERE TO WATCH Careers Partner Site: DNA INDIA news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Red Hot Reviews Movies Glam Talk Bookworm Recipes TV Celebrity Romance Pics Videos And More Exclusive Blogs sports Cricket Football World Motorsports Golf Others Softspot Debate Blogs Exclusive Pics Videos business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business Photo Gallery India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Malayalam Kerala Districts India World Sports Movies Health NRI Photos Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2016 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
Tech Gadget Software Business Science Space Health Search The TeCake Tech Gadget Software Business Science Space Health 18.5 C New Delhi Monday, November 14, 2016 LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password Trending Now Free-tailed Brazilian Bat is the fastest moving species on Earth: Can fly at 160km/hour Largest Supermoon since 1948 to occur today: Here’s how to watch it Ancient Alien on Mars: Possible broken bricks found by NASA Curiosity Microsoft Office for Android will be soon officially supported by Chromebooks Motorola’s upcoming smartphone, DROID Turbo 3 specs leaked Home News Software Apple rolls out second iteration of iOS 10 Beta for iPhone and... Software Apple rolls out second iteration of iOS 10 Beta for iPhone and iPad By The TeCake Staff - Oct 7, 2016 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter While iOS 10 recently goes on air, Apple has launched the second version of this high-end and top-of-the-line Operating System for its iPads and iPhones. Apple on Wednesday rolled out the second iteration of iOS – titled as iOS 10.1 in the form of Beta version, and iPad and iPhone users can try it for their devices. Ahead of its official and full-grown version dispatch, Apple launched a public Beta version of iOS 10.1 yesterday, giving some major rivalry goal of it with Google. As Google on Tuesday dispatched its one of the best hardware, the sudden release of iOS 10.1 Beta version seems to be little much rude.  However, there are several things included and removed in the new Beta form of iOS 10.1 and here is everything you need to know: The new Beta version of iOS 10.1 is loaded with numerous bug fixes and refinements alongside the addition of a couple of new elements. And it is compatible with all iPad and iPhones. However, the new Beta form will be more beneficial for the Apple iPhone 7 Plus users. iPhone 7 Plus users who will install the all-new iOS 10.1 beta version in their mobile will get the direct access to Apple’s Portrait Mode Feature, which uses the 7 Plus’ dual-lens camera to make a bokeh effect on photos. With the Bokeh effect, the pictures can be twisted into the photographs appearing to be clicked by using a high-quality DSLR camera. How to download iOS 10.1 Beta Version? The all-new iOS 10.1 Public beta version is available for iPads and iPhones and users wishing to download this new OS in their Apple handset, need to sign up on Apple’s official website. After successfully signing up, the users will be able to download and install a unique beta profile on iPhone or iPad, which in other ways will allow them to iOS 10.1 public beta two versions. If you have previously joined the Beta tester page of Apple, then the update will automatically flash on your profile, and if not, you have to create a new profile. Once installed the Beta Profile successfully, users need to go to Settings > Genera > Software Update and tag on the instructions given on the screen for installing the update of iOS 10.1 public beta 2 version. Tags: Apple, Apple Inc, Beta, iOS, iOS 10, iOS 10 Beta, iOS 10 Beta 2, iOS 10.1, iOS 10.1 Beta, Operating System, OS The TeCake Staff Around the web More from The TeCakeMore from the Author Apple iPhone 8: Wireless charging, all-glass design, trenched home button, Everything we know yet Donald’s triumph in the US Presidential Election might affect Apple Inc. adversely: Report YouTube Kids rolled out in India for kid-friendly content India in talks to buy Cellbrite’s Hacking technology for iPhone hacking WhatsApp to roll out Instagram-like Stories feature soon: Called it ‘Status’ tab iOS Vs Android: Which is the securest operating system? Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Latest News Free-tailed Brazilian Bat is the fastest moving species on Earth: Can... Nov 14, 2016 Ancient Alien on Mars: Possible broken bricks found by NASA Curiosity Nov 14, 2016 Motorola’s upcoming smartphone, DROID Turbo 3 specs leaked Nov 14, 2016 Microsoft Office for Android will be soon officially supported by Chromebooks Nov 14, 2016 Largest Supermoon since 1948 to occur today: Here’s how to watch... Nov 14, 2016 Apple iPhone 8: Wireless charging, all-glass design, trenched home button, Everything... Nov 13, 2016 Brisk walk can improve cardiovascular health of patients with Type-2 Diabetes Nov 13, 2016 ZTE Axon 7 to receive Nougat update in January, makes it... Nov 13, 2016 Editor's Pick Camera or performance? Here’s what that makes Google Pixel a best... Michael Turner - Nov 7, 2016 iOS Vs Android: Which is the securest operating system? Jaspreet Kaur - Nov 5, 2016 Find MacBook Pro lackluster and pricey??? Here is 5 best Windows... Jaspreet Kaur - Nov 4, 2016 Monthly Horoscopes of November-2016: See what destiny has in store for... The TeCake Staff - Nov 2, 2016 Is Google Pixel worth at its price? Read this to know Rishabh Rajvanshi - Oct 19, 2016 An online news blog, which brings latest updates from Technology, Gadget, Software, Science and Business Email: contact@tecake.com Links RSS Latest News Press Release The Indian Tribune Info About Contact Us Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy Subscribe to The TeCake via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016 The TeCake. All rights reserved. Pin It on Pinterest Previous RCOM introduces new Welcome Offer: Get 1GB 3G Data for Less Than Rs 50 Next Moto E3 Power won’t stay powerful anymore, Motorola ditches the smartphone in Nougat update
Home Business Software Chips Mobile Internet Security Review Desktop Software Graphics cards Laptops Mobile apps Mobiles Peripherals Storage Tablets Workstations TechEye Home Business Software Chips Mobile Internet Security Review Desktop Software Graphics cards Laptops Mobile apps Mobiles Peripherals Storage Tablets Workstations Menu Melting Note 7 did not stop Samsung making a killing Posted on October 7, 2016 by Nick Farrell - Mobiles, News The Tame Apple Presses campaign to get its iPhone 7 selected over the Samsung Note 7 has failed to damage Samsung’s bottom line. Since the iPhone 7 was launched the Tame Apple Press has been running scare stories about the Note 7 and over reacting to a battery problem which cased half a dozen to over heat. Samsung recalled the Note 7 and replaced the battery and the Tame Apple Press rubbed its paws with glee claiming that Samsung would suffer a billion dollar loss from having to recall the phones. It turns out that did not happen. Samsung said that it expects third-quarter profit to grow 5.6 percent, beating estimates, as a pickup in chip and display earnings off set its smartphone woes. The world’s biggest smartphone maker said  its operating profit for July-September was likely $7 billion, compared with the 6.4 billion tipped by a Thomson Reuters StarMine SmartEstimate of analysts’ forecasts. A year earlier operating profit was just under $7 billion Revenue for the quarter likely fell 5.2 percent  the South Korean firm said. This was much less than the Tame Apple Press predicted. Samsung’s semiconductor business did really well, ironically flogging its chips for the new iPhones and other products launched ahead of the peak year-end sales season. The Note 7 problems could also boost Samsung’s chip business. Industry executives say the sudden need for chips in 2.5 million replacement phones is exacerbating already tight memory market conditions, which could push prices higher. Paul Romano, chief operating officer at U.S.-based electronic component distributor Fusion Worldwide, said the firm’s clients, which include Samsung, are currently having a harder time procuring memory chips. Some smartphone makers are also trying to secure more of the chips as they see an opportunity capitalize on Samsung’s mis-steps and boost handset sales, Romano said.     Tags: apple, iphone, note 7, samsung Search for: Recent Articles AT&T's purchase of Time Warner in trouble It is starting to look like AT&T's purchase of Time Warner could fall foul of the White House [s[...] String theory might be about to finally be killed off The world's top boffins are debating finally killing off one of the more elegant scientific theories[...] Facebook denies it is responsible for Trump Mark Zuckerberg has rubbished the notion that fake news on Facebook helped Donald "Prince of Orange"[...] There's more browsing on mobiles than PCs Internet usage by mobile and tablet exceeded desktop worldwide for the first time in October accordi[...] German telco wants “debate” on privacy Telefonica Deutschland's O2Dn.DE chief executive called for a debate about data privacy in Germany. [...] © 2016 TechEye.
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Review: Shut up and take my money! By Kunal Khullar 44   Comments 5 reasons why LeEco’s TV will beat Samsung in India? 5   Comments Sony Xperia XZ Review: Loaded to the brim… with compromise By Sheldon Pinto 5   Comments Researchers find that surface of Mars is so dry that it is inhabitable 4   Comments Dolby drags Oppo and Vivo to court; demands royalties for unlicensed use of proprietary technology By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Airtel to offer 10GB free 3G/4G data with the Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus #Airtel iPhone offers 26 By tech2 News Staff /  07 Oct 2016 , 14:07 The Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus launch is just 5 hours away from now, at 7PM. A lot of online etailers as well as offline retailers have already announced special plans and cashback offers. Telecom provider Airtel too has jumped on the bandwagon. According to Airtel, the Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus buyers who have an Airtel Infinity postpaid plan, will be eligible for 10GB of free 3G/4G data per month for 12 months. The Airtel myPlan Infinity rate card starts from Rs 949 and goes all the way to Rs 2,999 with a data limit going from 1GB to 20GB. Airtel says the 10GB free 3G/4G data will be offered over an above the existing plan benefits, irrespective of the plan. So you get 120GB of free 3G/4G data to be used for a year. Ajai Puri, director operations (India & South Asia), Bharti Airtel said, “Customers can now enjoy the latest iPhone on India’s leading mobile broadband network with bundles of data and unlimited voice calling with our Infinity plans.” The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will be available in the silver, gold and rose gold variants in the 32GB, 128GB and 256GB variants whereas the Jet Black variant will be available only in 128GB and 256GB variants. The 32GB, 128GB and 256GB variants of the iPhone 7 are priced at Rs 60,000, Rs 70,000 and Rs 80,000, respectively. The bigger iPhone 7 Plus models are priced at Rs 72,000 for 32GB, Rs 82,000 for 128GB and Rs 92,000 for 256GB. Tags: Airtel infinity plans, Airtel offer, Apple, Apple iPhone 7, Apple iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 7 on Airtel Also read Apple iPhone 7 / 7 Plus to start selling at 7PM today: Here’s where you can buy it Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus: Seven things to know before you buy X Recommended For You New emojis such as a hijab-wearing woman, yoga practitioners and more coming on smartphones next year Artificial intelligence system surfs the internet to learn and improve performance Paytm hits 5 million transaction per day; will process over Rs 24,000 crores soon Currency ban: An analysis of social media sentiment around India’s latest financial regulation Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Vivo V5 Nov 14, 2016 Vivo V5 and V5 Plus to launch on 15 Nov; to feature 20MP selfie camera #Google Nov 14, 2016 Google celebrates Children’s Day with Doodle 4 Google winner “Enjoy every moment” #BMW Nov 14, 2016 BMW looking at boosting up electric car sales to 100,000 vehicles in 2017 #Jio Nov 14, 2016 Reliance Jio does not participate in COAI’s quarterly executive committee meeting #Snapdeal Nov 14, 2016 Snapdeal Children’s Day sale: Top 5 deals to watch out for SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality Rating : 8 / 10 Yu Yureka Review: Micromax delivers a good, affordable 4G-enabled phablet; Should Xiaomi worry? T & C Policy Contact Us US Election 2016 Copyright © 2016 Tech2.com
null
Italy's news in English Other editions Austria Denmark France Germany Norway Spain Sweden Switzerland Search Everything News Jobs Community Lifestyle News categories Headlines National Politics Startups Business Technology International Education Travel Culture Society Lifestyle Health Sport Features Galleries Features Analysis Archive Community Noticeboard Weekly newsletter RSS news feed iPhone app Facebook Twitter Site sponsors Expat healthcare by Cigna Global Jobs in Italy IT jobs Finance jobs Marketing jobs Engineering jobs Administration jobs Jobs in Rome Jobs in Milan Jobs in Napoli Jobs in Torino Jobs in Bologna All jobs in Italy About The Local Contact us Who we are Send us a story Advertise with us Post a job ad Privacy policy Terms of use Apple's first European Academy opens in Naples The Local news@thelocal.it 6 October 2016 17:46 CEST+02:00 appletechnologytim cooknaplesmatteo renzieducation Share this article The Apple school should give a welcome boost to the southern Italian economy. File photo: Josh Edelson/AFP The Local news@thelocal.it 6 October 2016 17:46 CEST+02:00 Technology giant Apple opened its first European Academy in the southern Italian city of Naples on Thursday, a project it is hoped will provide opportunities for work and study to the city's younger generation. The Academy, a joint project between Apple and the Federico II University in Naples, will train 600 students in app and software development. The first 100 students - chosen from 4,174 candidates - began their nine-month course on Thursday. They come from all across Italy, with many from the south, as well as various other countries including as the Netherlands, Lithuania and Madagascar. Students will learn how to develop apps for iOS devices, and a second group will begin in January. Apple's vice president of Environment, Policy and Social Initiatives, Lisa Jackson, attended the opening and shared pictures of students gathered round Apple Macs. "Italy has a long history of innovation and design, and Apple feels at home here," Jackson said. On Facebook, Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi thanked Tim Cook, CEO of the tech company, for investing in Italy, saying: "This is just the beginning." The Apple Academy opens, as promised with Tim Cook. Naples has a great future ahead of it. If the south restarts, Italy restarts. Renzi and Cook first made the agreement last January, with the location in the eastern outskirts on Naples chosen in March, so the plan has come together quickly. The Campania region has invested €100 million in the project and pledged another €30 million, while a further €7 million will be used to provide student scholarships. "From here the economy can be jump-started," said Naples mayor Luigi De Magistris. "Those who have chosen to stay in Naples can finally not only study here but choose to stay, rather than leaving the city to find jobs." Indeed, the Academy opened on the same day that a report revealed 40,000 young Italians left the country for opportunities abroad last year, leading Italian President Sergio Mattarella to say "a haemorrhage of talent and skills, with no corresponding return, is harmful". Not only do Italians of the 'millennial' generation have the highest average level of education, the 'Italians in the World' report noted, but they also suffers from the highest unemployment levels. Story continues below… And with the many programmes offering study and work opportunities to young people abroad, such as Erasmus+, for this generation "the choice is not so much whether to leave, but whether to stay", the writers added. appletechnologytim cooknaplesmatteo renzieducation Share this article Advertisement From our sponsors Last chance to vote absentee in the US elections Election Day in the U.S. is less than a month away, and time is running out for Americans living overseas to vote absentee. Here's what to do before it's too late. How to vote absentee from abroad in the US elections Retiring abroad: ensuring your health is covered Life in Jordan: 'Undiscovered treasure' Why Jordan is the ‘Different' East Advertisement Related articles Funeral halted after corpse mix-up in Naples Italy's PM vows to rebuild devastated quake region Locals abandon their homes in quake-hit central Italy Italy quake survivors head to the coast Over 100 aftershocks felt in central Italy on Thursday night Renzi to EU: If you build walls against migrants, don't expect Italian money Over 4,000 migrants arrive at Italy's ports, as ministers urge EU to do more Italy PM brands UNESCO Jerusalem vote 'unacceptable' Teacher investigated for Facebook posts wishing death on migrants Renzi tells Michelle Obama: Your speeches are better than your tomatoes Advertisement Latest headlines Big Blue freediver Enzo Maiorca dies in Sicily Venetians hold rally to fight city's exodus Italian populist enters PM race on back of Trump win Berlusconi welcomes 'obvious' Trump comparisons Italian town offers De Niro asylum after Trump victory Advertisement Popular articles Thousands call for EU to support Florence against McDonald's lawsuit Déjà vu: Italians joke about 'Trumpusconi' Italian town offers De Niro asylum after Trump victory Woman fined €30,000 for wearing niqab in Italy town hall Five things President Trump could mean for Italy Advertisement Noticeboard 14/10 Lake como apartment - 18000 euro 12/10 English teacher/dog walker 10/10 Book "Living in Italy: The Real Deal" about to appear 05/09 Meditation in Perugia 30/08 Online short hospitality english course 10/08 Offering housekeeping/mother help View all notices Advertisement The Local Europe AB Östgötagatan 12 116 25 Stockholm Sweden Contact us Send us a story Our journalists Audience data Our sales team Post a job ad Privacy policy Terms of use    
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search BMW Connected service adds Alexa and, finally, Android JC Torres - Oct 7, 2016 3 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit The smart car market hasn’t exactly settled along the usual Google vs Apple camps and some do take both sides, if not their own. When BMW launched its BMW Connected service early this year, it seemed to have actually put up a stake on Apple’s iOS side of the fence. Apparently, it was only bidding its time. In its new update, the service finally gets its first Android app. But that’s not the only thing that’s new, as BMW Connected is also gaining support for the Apple Watch 2 and Amazon’s Alexa. No, that doesn’t mean that Alexa is now inside BMW Connected cars. Instead, the integration simply means that you will be able to connect with the car from inside your home. And even then, don’t expect to command your car, with a booming voice, to drive off by itself. The functionality is mostly limited to asking Alexa to tell you the charging status of the car or advise you when it’s time to leave, taking into account potential heavy traffic. But yes, you can at least lock, but hopefully not unlock, the car from inside your home, using only your voice. The Apple Watch 2 integration may is going to be useful when you need to have relevant information but don’t want to risk pulling out your iPhone. Driving times and maps will be available at a glance, though even glancing at your risk might involve a bit of risk as well. And finally for the Android faithful, version 1.0 of the BMW Connected app is now available for download. At least for US customers. This breaks the iPhone’s monopoly of BMW Connected and helps the features spread to even more users and devices. The BMW Connected update’s theme is one where mobility doesn’t start or end inside the vehicle. First mile navigation, for example, allows you to see your route back to your car from your smartphone or smartwatch, while search filters helps you find the perfect charging station for your model. These new features are all available starting today for BMW Connected users in the US. SOURCE: BMW Tags Amazon AlexaAndroidappBMWCars Must Read Bits & Bytes Surface Book with Performance Base Review 7 ways I’ll escape or mobilize today with technology USB-C could kill Lightning, but Apple can’t afford it Tesla reveals paid Supercharging switch in 2017 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Latest Headlines Canceled Nokia Moonraker smartwatch shown off in video Nov 13, 2016 Hard to find min NES Classic gets a mini teardown Nov 13, 2016 Snapchat Spectacles vending machine is now in Big Sur, California Nov 13, 2016 Facebook begins testing Messenger Rooms for public chatting Nov 13, 2016 First trailer for live-action Ghost in the Shell film debuts Nov 13, 2016 Latest Reviews Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review Nov 10, 2016 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Nov 4, 2016 Living with Google Home Nov 3, 2016 The Dodge Challenger R/T Scat Pack is 485HP of tire hate Nov 2, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Articles Comments QR Code Press Mobile Commerce – Technology News – QRCode Home Press Release Mobile Commerce Headlines QR Code Press » Featured News, Mobile Payments, Near Field Communications » Apple Pay Russia has now launched Apple Pay Russia has now launched October 7th, 2016 | Add a Comment 0100000 The iPhone maker has rolled out its mobile payments software in the country, extending its global reach. Apple Pay Russia has now been launched as the iPhone maker brings its mobile wallet to the Russian population. This has allowed the American tech giant to extend the worldwide reach of its digital payments service. This has made Russia the tenth nation where Apple Pay transactions can be accepted. Among the other countries where these mobile payments are available include the United States, Canada, and Great Britain. It was originally launched in 2014. This month represents the launch of Apple Pay Russia operations. It will begin with the mobile wallet’s partners within the country, MasterCard and Sberbank. The mobile wallet will work the same way in Russia as it does everywhere else: through NFC technology. Consumers can now use Apple Pay Russia to purchase products, transportation tickets and other goods and services. Moreover, Apple Pay can also be used to make purchases at properly equipped vending machines. As long as the checkout has a contactless payment terminal, it has everything it needs in terms of hardware for accepting those payments. Over the last year, the use of Apple Pay has risen to an estimated $10.9 billion. Most of those transactions took place in the U.S. However, this still reflects the hesitation within these markets to use mobile payments as a whole. The ten markets where Apple Pay is currently available are considered to be quite large and developed. However, when looking beyond those nations, mobile wallets have become much more successful. Kenya, for example, has become a rapid success in the use of smartphone transactions. In fact, it had a greater annual volume in mobile payments than Apple Pay had in the United States in the last year. Another example that has outdone Apple Pay Russia, USA and other markets is easily China. Alibaba and Tencent have created the largest mobile payments market in the world. According to iResearch data, those companies alone processed about $1 trillion in transactions last year. Of course, the population of China is far greater than U.S., but it also has a significantly larger smartphone using population willing to use their devices to shop. Related Posts Apple Pay is preparing to get started outside the US iPhone 5 mobile wallet based on Apple Passbook Apple wins patent for iWallet, could become the leader of the mobile commerce industry NFC technology is not out of the question for MCX mobile payments system Apple Pay security would “fundamentally diminish” with banks Mobile payments solution is getting ready for takeoff Written by Jorge Gonzalez Filed under: Featured News, Mobile Payments, Near Field Communications · Tags: Apple mobile payments, apple mobile wallet, apple pay, Apple Pay Russia, mobile payments russia, mobile wallet, mobile wallet russia, near field communication, nfc payments, nfc technology PLEASE, NO SPAM... Leave a Reply Cancel reply Name * Email * (will not be published) Website Get It – Hot Mobile Trends Newsletter! sending... Name E-mail Check us out on Facebook… Facebook Categories Augmented Reality Commercial Entertainment Industry Fashion/Art Featured News Gadgets Health Care Industry International Marketing Mobile Apps Mobile Commerce Mobile Commerce Security Mobile Marketing Mobile Payments Near Field Communications QR Codes Social Media Marketing Sports Tablet Commerce Technology News Travel Trends United States Pages About Us Authors Augmented Reality Contact Us Mobile Commerce Mobile Marketing Mobile Payments Mobile Security NFC Technology Press Release Social Media Marketing Tablet Commerce What is a QR Code Yop Poll Archive About QR Code Press and MCommerce Press Scan for our Facebook page We highlight the latest in the world of Mobile Commerce news so you can keep updated with the coolest technology available! Join us and explore the changes in how the world does business with new technology like Near Field Communications that enable mobile payments, Augmented Reality Apps, QR Code marketing techniques and Social Media marketing tactics. Learn from others how you can take your mobile marketing campaign to the next level by implementing successful mobile strategies. Enjoy and thanks for stopping by! © 2016 QR Code Press QRCodePress.com Win a Mogix Portable Battery Charger for your Phone & Tablet*!    -In our Monthly Giveaway- Subscribe to our email newsletter and automatically be entered to win… Sign-up and Enter. * indicates required field Name:* Email:* *Restrictions apply. See offer for details. ×
Our Paper Paper Archive Our Apps Daily Horoscope Home News Sport Showbiz & TV Life & Style Travel Tech Pics Casino Gaming Reviews Tech News Home Tech Tech News Google Pixel phone: 7 things Google's new gadget can do that iPhone 7 users only dream of Google Pixel phone: 7 things Google's new gadget can do that iPhone 7 users only dream of GOOGLE has just launched its new Pixel phone and here's seven cool feature you won't find on any iPhone 7. By Dave Snelling / Published 7th October 2016 GOOGLE RIVALS: Google has just launched its new Pixel smartphones The battle of the smartphones is set to get even more intense with Google unveiling its all-new Pixel and Pixel XL devices. These new call-makers include AMOLED HD displays, impressive camera and premium design. The Pixel and Pixel XL also land in your pocket with a premium price - costing the same as the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. However, Google is so confident about its new Pixel that it's even including an easy way to ditch Apple and move all your content across to Android. We won't know just how good the Pixel is until we give it a full review but, until then, here's five things it can do that the iPhone. Google major announcement in pictures - all the gadgets coming from Google Wednesday, 5th October 2016 GOOGLE has announced a host of new products including its new Pixel smartphone. 1 / 8 GOOGLE Google Pixel phone 1. UNLIMITED FREE STORAGE Apple's new iPhone 7 does feature a whopping 256GB of storage but Google is going one better. The internet giant is giving away free, unlimited storage for photos and videos with the new Pixel. These are automatically saved to the cloud, in full resolution, when the phone's memory begins to get critical. Google says this new new free service should mean all Pixel owners never run out of memory. 2. FAST CHARGING BATTERY With the Pixel not yet in shops its unclear how well its battery will perform when placed against the iPhone. However, there is one thing we do know it features over its Apple rival - fast charging. This means when users need a quick boost, they'll can get up to 7 hours of battery life after just 15 minutes of charging time. iPhone 7 Plus review camera test - how good is the Apple's new dual-lens snapper Tuesday, 13th September 2016 DAILY STAR ONLINE has got our hands on Apple's latest iPhone 7 Plus and here's how the new dual-lens performs. 1 / 9 DAILY STAR ONLINE Apple iPhone 7 Plus review camera test 3. GOOGLE ASSISTANT BUILT IN Apple has Siri and Google has its Assistant. The internet giant is making a big song and dance over this new technology and has made it available in its new Allo app. But users of the new Pixel will get Google's Assistant built-in. Like Siri, this voice technology is always ready to answer questions but you can also have a full conversation with it. For example you can ask “Ok Google, where is the nearest cafe?” Then tap the mic and follow up with "what time is it open until?" or "How do I get there?" and Google should tell you. You can even book a table, add the reservation to your diary and invite friends all via the Assistant GOOGLE HELP: Pixel owners will get access to 24/7 help 4. 24/7 CARE Apple has its Genius bar to lend a hand but if you buy a Pixel, and aren't too tech savvy, you can get support whenever you need it. Google says that an expert will be just a tap away, day or night. All users have to do is open the Settings app on your device and tap the Support tab. There's even an option to share what's on the screen with an expert who can then give users step-by-step to solutions. GOOGLE NEW: The Fingerprint scanner allows users to swipe through menus 5. EASY SELFIES Everyone loves a selfie and Google has included a neat trick to take one. Giving the phone a little flick will instantly switch between the front-facing and rear-facing cameras. 6. FINGERPRINT SCANNER Yes, we know the iPhone has awesome fingerprint technology but Google's new phone brings extra features to this security scanner. Placed on the back of the device it not only unlocks the phone but also lets you scroll through settings a bit like a trackpad on a laptop. 7. A HEAPHONE PORT Apple may have ditched this ageing technology but Google has decided to keep a headphone port on its Pixel. Related articles Google's new Pixel smartphone revealed and it features the world's greatest camera Why Google may have a big problem with its new Pixel phone Shock as 'fixed' Samsung Galaxy Note 7 catches fire onboard passenger plane Comments Tech News More Black Friday 2016 - Amazon sales start TODAY and here's the pick of the best bargains AMAZON'S 13 days of Black Friday deals get underway with massive savings on tech, movies, clothes gifts and toys. Samsung Galaxy S8: Samsung's new smartphone could see this AMA... Black Friday 2016 - ultimate guide to Amazon, Tesco, Argos and... Android Nougat Samsung Galaxy S7 edge - here's how to download it Black Friday 2016 - Argos early sales begin with huge deals on... Hatchimals UK - where and how to buy the hit toy of Christmas... Internet in meltdown as Facebook wrongly declares people DEAD Black Friday 2016 - Argos announces huge week of deals how to ... PS4 Pro price and how much should you spend on the ultimate 4K TV Tech News More The Grand Tour - Amazon hides some big show secrets but here's how to find them THE GRAND TOUR arrives on TVs next Friday but there's already some cheeky secrets that can be discovered. When is Amazon Black Friday 2016? Biggest sale ever revealed a... MacBook Pro UK - why now could be your last chance to grab a b... How to buy Hatchimals UK - Tesco Direct, Argos and Toys R Us b... If you get this invoice from Sonos on your iPhone DON'T open it There's now a much cheaper way to an iPhone from Apple Black Friday 2016 - Smyths toys early deals with top gifts and... Google Daydream View UK - VR headset goes on sale this week an... If this iPhone 7 rumour is true you might want to wait before ... Tech News More Thinking of buying a new 4K TV? Why now could be the best time yet to ditch your old telly 4K IS the future of TV and YouTube has just announced some major news which could finally make it worth buying one. Black Friday 2016 Tesco Direct deals - how to make sure you do... WhatsApp finally gets the feature you've all been waiting for ... Virgin Media is offering the ultimate deal for WhatsApp fans a... The Grand Tour - Amazon Black friday sales 2016 could make it ... Amazon Black Friday 2016 - big savings coming to the UK and de... Black Friday 2016 - get Sky Q FREE for a year with this early ... Beat the burglar - new outdoor camera beams video of your hous... iPhone 8 - if Apple's new smartphone looks this good its rival... Home Paper Archive Weather Our Paper Sitemap Contact Advertise Site Archive News Latest News Weird News Columnists Daily Star Sunday Journalists Sport Football Rugby League Motorsport Boxing Racing Other Rugby World Cup UFC Showbiz & TV Celebs Hot TV X Factor Strictly I'm A Celebrity Music Movies Britain's Got Talent Big Brother Wired TOWIE Dancing on Ice The Valleys Life & Style Real Life Diet & Fitness Love & Sex Fashion & Beauty Horoscopes Just Jane Cars Competitions FUN Jackpot Millions Our Apps Paper Archive Games Travel Travel News Adventure Beach Family Party Tech Gaming Reviews Tech News Pics Celebrity Galleries Pictures Weird Galleries Sport Galleries Gaming and Tech Galleries NS Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Policy Syndication and Licensing Site By Netro42 Copyright ©2016 Express Newspapers. "Daily Star" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
Club MacStoriesBecome a Member MENU ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS LINKED STORIES iOS 10 WWDC 2016 My New iPad Pro Keyboard: The Razer Mechanical Keyboard Case Why I’m Considering Bear as a Notes App Replacement The New MacBook Pro: Our Complete Overview This week's sponsor Secrets a beautifully simple password manager, now Free on the App Store Unofficial Remixes From Dubset Arrive on Apple Music and Spotify→ Linked By Graham Spencer Josh Constine, writing for TechCrunch: The first unofficial single-track remixes just went live on Spotify and Apple Music thanks to their partnerships with music rights management service Dubset. Apple struck a deal with Dubset in March, and Spotify did in May, BPMSupreme reported. But the remixes are finally beginning to stream today, starting with this DJ Jazzy Jeff remix of Anderson .Paak. This sounds like good news for users, DJs, content owners as well as Apple and Spotify. Dubset will scan a mix uploaded to its service and use the Gracenote audio fingerprinting database to detect which songs were used in the mix. Royalties paid by Apple and Spotify will be distributed to the original rights holders. Stephen White [Dubset CEO] says 700 million people listen to mixed content a month, making it a big opportunity. But record labels have historically fought against unofficial mixes because they considered them piracy since they weren’t getting paid. Dubset gives them a fair share, so they’ll permit remixes and mix sets to stream on the major platforms. Royalty revenue from the platform is shared with rights holders while Dubset gets a cut. Source: techcrunch.com Tags: Apple Music, spotify ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by Macminicolo | Acknowledgements Copyright 2016 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.3
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Design thinking brought to a new level through VR Is Calexit in the works? Silicon Valley investors call for California independence Donald Trump: The shock president Silicon Valley disdains Skibbereen success: Death to small town syndrome And so it begins: Messenger expanding sponsored chats Leaders’ Insights: Anne O’Leary, Vodafone Ireland Weekend takeaway: Don’t be down in the Trumps Irish-based Hibernia Networks snapped up by GTT for $590m Google rubbishes EU claims that Android hurts mobile competition Business leaders fear what Trump presidency will mean for trade Irish Government appeals against €13bn EU ruling Twitter shuffles deck as COO Adam Bain walks, Anthony Noto takes role The five-minute CIO: Alex Stamos, CSO, Facebook India’s surprise rupee chop a dream for fintech companies What is the rest of the world searching about Donald Trump? Robots are primed to change industry… any day now Netflix customers: Watch out for the latest scam Facebook’s data-sharing WhatsApp plan suffers fresh blow Clever Virgin offer puts WhatsApp and Messenger centre stage Siro CEO: ‘Fibre is about enabling a greater future for Ireland’ Siro claims 36,500 FTTH homes as 1Gbps fibre race steps up a gear Eir CEO Richard Moat: ‘Telcos are turning into media companies’ The Big Upgrade: How to make Three plus O2 equal one network Virgin sends a fibre broadband boost to 2,000 homes in Tullamore Dogpatch has a new patch – 40,000 sq ft extra space includes urban garden Female entrepreneurs welcomed for €500,000 start-up fund OpenBack wins €25,000 ESB Spark of Genius 2016 prize CurrencyFair raises €8m and bulks up leadership team Alan Siegel of Siegelvision reveals 3 things he uses to evaluate a brand Hate queueing for petrol? There’s an app for that ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One 10 changes of the future: Bye bye apps, hello robots and blockchain CoderWomen: How to help adults catch up with the kids Leaders’ Insights: Donnacha O’Riordan, MCCI Science and social responsibility: An ongoing discussion Chinese builders nearly destroy undiscovered ‘mud dragon’ dinosaur with dynamite Offaly is set to be home to a ‘treemendous’ ecological wonder Irish researcher awarded €8.8m to develop inhaler for lung disease Lorna Ross: Innovation is all about timing, not good ideas BMW: ‘Supercomputers, AI and 5G crucial to make self-driving real’ ‘Harry Potter invisibility cloak’ developed for photonic chips Facebook’s AI revolution will start with Picasso-like photo filters Booking.com’s Gillian Tans: ‘AI is the future of travel’ China research team smashes quantum cryptography record New morphing aeroplane wing is covered by scale-like skin How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS In a dark week, we find light in career development Maths considered most difficult third-level STEM subject Interest in cybersecurity spikes due to US election Irish jobs dry spell creates opportunity for career growth College & Beyond event helps young women develop STEM careers How unusual recruitment methods attract better candidates I have just graduated. What do I do now? To close the tech skills gap, developing interest is essential What do you need to do to become a super boss? How do top companies attract top talent? Want a career in software? These are the most important skills Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase Lorna Ross: Innovation is all about timing, not good ideas Fjord’s Mark Curtis: ‘Design thinking must not become a management fad’ Alan Siegel of Siegelvision reveals 3 things he uses to evaluate a brand Have we reached peak sharing economy? We’re now reinventing capitalism with something called Peers Inc Aviva opens new digital hub creating 50 jobs in Galway Storyful plans job growth as it opens new Dublin office Hundreds of sci-tech jobs announced across 9 companies in Ireland IoT company Smartfrog to fill 35 new jobs in Dublin An AOL internship: More than just coffee and hackathons Cybersecurity player Integrity360 to create 150 jobs in Dublin ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING In wake of Donald Trump victory, Microsoft thinks we need a ‘digital reset’ Waking The Feminists: One year on How many selfies do you take before landing on the perfect one? Senan Byrne, Ireland’s biggest Vine star, reacts to its death Dublin City Marathon is getting faster, older and more male 10 amazing images that bagged wildlife photography awards Emoji alert: Breastfeeding, UFOs, vampires and hijabs on the way? WhatsApp ups its offering with GIF support on iOS 6 great gift ideas for lovers of Irish creativity Samsung pins its hopes on AI assistant in Galaxy S8 WhatsApp about to steal some of Snapchat’s ideas Huawei Mate 9 enters the fray as the Note7 smoke settles You can now recreate Ireland in Minecraft with OSI maps Can you recognise the main rooms from your favourite TV shows? ‘No Man’s Sky was a mistake’: Hello Games deletes inflammatory tweet (updated) Nintendo Switch: 6 games you can play on the console TV wars continue as Sky reveals mobile app Red Dead Redemption 2 finally confirmed for 2017 release Reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated – by Facebook Canada immigration website crashes as US deals with Donald Trump win Twitter reacts to Donald Trump winning US presidency Who will win the US presidential election? Google calling it first See how Earth’s population grew over time Interactive map shows over 35,000 fishing vessels at work on the world’s oceans ALL How can colleges ensure everyone gets a chance? Is ‘Peers Inc’ the latest industrial revolution? How social media helped save codebreaking’s true home David Hennessy: Making Three plus O2 equal one The working life is changing fast, companies need to catch up Nora Khaldi on being both a scientist and an engineer ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT GEAR Is Apple planning an iPad refresh with three new Pro devices? by John Kennedy 7 Oct 20165 Shares Pro is the way to go as Apple plans three new iPad Pro devices for a spring reveal. Image: Mark Herman/Shutterstock Apple is understood to be preparing its spring wardrobe earnestly, with three new iPad devices, including an iPad Pro 2, on the way. The iPad line-up still represents 10pc of Apple’s overall revenues and is a treasured member of the Apple family, as the company takes considerable pride in it. Last year, Apple revealed the 12.9in iPad Pro with Pencil, followed by a 9.7in version earlier this year. Various reports suggest that the new iPad Pro 2 will come with an A10X chip that will lead to a 20pc increase in performance, which would be ideal with apps for professionals, such as Microsoft Office. Spring forward Other rumours point to the 9.7in version being increased in size to 10.1in, while there is also speculation that Apple is working on an iPad Pro Mini. According to iTech Post, the three new Pro models are due to arrive in March next year. It points to speculation by KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo that the long-awaited Air 3 might be replaced with the entry-level Pro. It also cited a report from Macotakara, which quoted that the Mini 4 will have a Pro successor with a Smart Connector and 4-speaker audio. Certainly, the benefits of Apple’s latest A10 processor in terms of power, graphics and sound, as well as the removal of the headphone jack, signal that these changes are likely to find their way to Apple’s iPad line-up. But as usual, only Apple really knows. Apple Store. Image:Max Herman/Shutterstock Related: Apple, computers, iPad Editor John Kennedy is an award-winning technology journalist. editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Companies Apple reports Q3 revenues of $42.4bn, sells more iPhones than expected 26 Jul 201617 Shares Hiring Now Excellence in research for innovation and analytics Be part of a globally successful team The largest employer in northwest Ireland A dynamic and rapidly expanding company Companies Apple puts Bob Mansfield in charge of Project Titan car project 26 Jul 201611 Shares Gear Rebirth of the laptop: New MacBook comes with Touch Bar and USB-C ports 28 Oct 201610 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Gear Apple claims iOS 10 update issue has been fixed 14 Sep 201615 Shares Gear Tablet growth plummets again as 2016 shows the hype didn’t last 2 Aug 20167 Shares Gear Apple files trademarks for iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus and Airpods – reports 6 Sep 201626 Shares Latest News Reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated – by Facebook 1 day ago Weekend takeaway: Don’t be down in the Trumps 1 day ago The five-minute CIO: Alex Stamos, CSO, Facebook 1 day ago Dogpatch has a new patch – 40,000 sq ft extra space includes urban garden 2 days ago In wake of Donald Trump victory, Microsoft thinks we need a ‘digital reset’ 2 days ago In a dark week, we find light in career development 2 days ago Leaders’ Insights: Donnacha O’Riordan, MCCI 2 days ago Irish-based Hibernia Networks snapped up by GTT for $590m 2 days ago Science and social responsibility: An ongoing discussion 2 days ago I have just graduated. What do I do now? 2 days ago To close the tech skills gap, developing interest is essential 2 days ago Emoji alert: Breastfeeding, UFOs, vampires and hijabs on the way? 2 days ago India’s surprise rupee chop a dream for fintech companies 2 days ago Chinese builders nearly destroy undiscovered ‘mud dragon’ dinosaur with dynamite 2 days ago Google rubbishes EU claims that Android hurts mobile competition 2 days ago Design thinking brought to a new level through VR 2 days ago Offaly is set to be home to a ‘treemendous’ ecological wonder 2 days ago Business leaders fear what Trump presidency will mean for trade 2 days ago Irish researcher awarded €8.8m to develop inhaler for lung disease 2 days ago Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase 3 days ago Every job is unique in 3D design and printing 3 days ago What do you need to do to become a super boss? 3 days ago Lorna Ross: Innovation is all about timing, not good ideas 3 days ago Female entrepreneurs welcomed for €500,000 start-up fund 3 days ago More from Life Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2016 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
MacDailyNews WELCOME HOME! Apple and Mac News Login · Register News Opinion Contact App Facebook Tumblr Twitter RSS Archives Widget Opinion Archive Nov 2016 The pundits are wrong about Apple - again Nov 2016 Is Apple selling a MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable for $79 a step too far? Nov 2016 Who's winning the video streaming wars? Nov 2016 Why Donald Trump bests Hillary Clinton on key tech policies Nov 2016 Imagine a world without Apple's Mac Pro Current Headlines Latest Joy of Tech 9to5Mac This week’s top stories: Early MacBook Pro reviews, a possible AirPods release date, iOS 10.2 beta 2, iPhone 8 reports, & more First MacBook Pro with Touch Bar orders ship, deliver as soon as Monday Apple begins hiring staff for new Campus 2 ahead of move-in early next year 9to5Toys Last Call: Tivo Bolt 4K DVR $159, iPhone 7/Plus Cases from $3, DAS Mechanical Keyboard $140, more 1Password for macOS now supports Touch ID, Touch Bar on new MacBook Pros iPhone 8 design reportedly ‘bezel-less’ with 5-inch and 5.8-inch curved screens, AirPods production starting December Safari running under macOS Sierra hacked at PWNFEST, giving root access Tim Cook honors Veterans Day with photo of some of those employed by Apple, App Store promotes special collection Review: Snapchat Spectacles — early impressions of the social network’s first device Instagram confirms live video functionality coming, but isn’t saying when Bailout plan for Japan Display may give Apple a fourth supplier for OLED iPhones Spotify says fix on way for bug that can reduce SSD lifetimes by massive data writes AAPL and other tech stocks down on post-election fears of inflation, Trump policies 2 Awesome Mac bundles: $20 each, 60 apps, choose wisely! (PDF Expert, RapidWeaver, Crossover, more) Apple quietly releases new iBooks StoryTime app for fourth-gen Apple TV users [Gallery] MacRumors Touch Bar MacBook Pro Orders Begin Shipping to Customers Apple Begins Shipping LG UltraFine 4K Displays AT&T's Optional 'Stream Saver' Feature Will Throttle Streaming Video Starting in 2017 AirPods Production Said to Begin in December in Limited Quantities Three New iPads Said to Launch in March, Including Bezel-Free 10.9-Inch Model Apple Said to Release Curved, Bezel-Free 5-Inch and 5.8-Inch iPhones Next Year First Touch Bar MacBook Pro Orders Now Preparing for Shipment [Updated] T-Rex, Hedgehog, Sandwich, Vampire and Zombie Among Emoji Proposed for 2017's Unicode 10 Apple Wins 'Gold' Customer Service Award From Twitter AirPods Will Launch Next Week Says European Reseller AppleInsider Review: Apple's Late-2016 MacBook Pro without Touch Bar First Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar orders shipped, arriving Monday This week on AI: Refurb iPhones, Powerbeats3, first Touch Bar MacBook Pros get ready to ship & more Watch: Apple's 2016 13" MacBook Pro without Touch Bar vs. 2015 13" MacBook Air AT&T to throttle streaming video quality by default in 2017 Apple ships first LG UltraFine 4K Display orders ahead of MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar Craft sales platform Etsy adds support for Apple Pay on the web 1Password for Mac gets support for Touch Bar & Touch ID on new MacBook Pros iPad refresh rumored for March, featuring both iPad Pro models plus 10.9-inch size Purpose of Apple's 'Control Strip' trademark filing detailed in Touch Bar developer guidelines MacNN Goodbye from MacNN, and Managing Editor Mike Wuerthele Rumor Roundup: Oh yes it is! Oh no it isn't! Spotify claims app update rejection by Apple 'raises serious concerns' Best of MacNN: the MacNN Podcast, episode 25: My Stupid Cat's Fault MacNN Deals: Increase your productivity with these Mac apps Best of MacNN: Lawyer sues Apple for not preventing his porn addiction Hands On: macOS Sierra, part two Tekserve closing NYC store on July 31 after 29 years of service Giveaway: Final reminder of all current MacNN Deals competitions Bang & Olufsen unveils Beoplay H5 wireless earphones Daring Fireball Intercom A Pro Video Editor’s Look at the New MacBook Pro The Talk Show: ‘Holiday Party’ Donald Trump Is Elected President in Stunning Repudiation of the Establishment New York Times Election Front Pages, 1852–2012 Four-Year-Old Reddit Thread on the Then-New MacBook Pros Twitter Still Might Save Vine by Selling It Only Microsoft Could Make Teams Reaction to the ‘New’ 13-Inch MacBook Pro Explaining Thunderbolt 3, USB-C, and Everything in Between T-GAAP Will a President Trump or Clinton Help Apple The Most? Back to Steve Jobs 4-Quadrant Mac Approach Apple Just Made Notebook Touch Screens Stupid Samsung Note 7 Owners Were Loyal To Samsung, Not Android Apple's Desktop Macs Are In Trouble Cult of Mac Check out this week’s best tech, tools and lessons [Deals] Apple Stores go green in advance of Earth Day Apple taps Surface Pro hinge maker for super-thin MacBooks How Steve Jobs and the industrial design team saved Apple, this week on The CultCast Use free Snapseed on iPad to tune your photos to best effect Apple reveals how long its devices typically last Drawings reveal new buildings inside Apple’s ‘spaceship’ campus Apple reaches deal with Samsung to buy OLED iPhone displays iPhone recycling is Apple’s latest gold mine Apple looks to paid search to ‘improve’ discoverability on App Store Macworld UK New iPhone SE 2 release date rumours UK | New iPhone SE specs & UK price rumours iCar release date rumours, features and images | Apple Car rumours iMac 5K vs Microsoft Surface Studio comparison review How to set up out of office in iOS 10 Best Mac security tips: 12 ultimate tips & tricks to improve Mac security New MacBook 2016 release date, price, specs rumours UK How to use Instagram on Mac Super Mario Run iPhone release date UK, price | How to get Mario on iPhone/iPad Apple keyboard with Touch Bar release date rumours Best Mac for musicians CNET iPhone Update Make your iPhone read aloud to you - CNET Moment lenses are ready for your iPhone 7 - CNET iOS 10 notifications look the same, but work a lot differently - CNET 9 reasons you should keep your current iPhone - CNET Why you'll soon forget the iPhone ever had a headphone jack - CNET Apple could launch an iPhone with curved screen - CNET iPhone 7 may sport pressure-sensitive home button, Space Black paint job - CNET iPhone 7 Plus purported mockup reveals blue paint job and more - CNET iPhone 7 preorders could start September 9 - CNET Hillary Clinton iPhone app aims to drum up and reward supporters - CNET Nov 11, 2016 - 05:15 PM UTC — AAPL: 108.43 (+0.64, +0.59%) | NASDAQ: 5237.11 (+28.32, +0.54%) Regent Street Apple location to reopen in London on October 15th Monday, October 3, 2016 · 2:02 pm · 1 Comment “Having been under renovations for over a year, Apple’s flagship U.K. store in London will finally reopen on Oct. 15 at 10 a.m., the company has announced,” Roger Fingas reports for AppleInsider. “Although Apple was operating sales out the basement for some time, the shop has been completely shut down since June 13,” Fingas reports. “Apple is engaged in much more extensive renovations than usual for its retail chain, such as altering the facade, moving three inside columns, and replacing its old central staircase with two on either side.” “Ironically, the square footage of the store should shrink by 4,400 square feet,” Fingas reports. “Typical Apple renovations result in more square footage as the company tries to keep up with foot traffic and show off an ever-growing product line.” Read more in the full article here. MacDailyNews Take: With Apple, smaller is almost always better! Categories: News Tags: Apple Regent Street, England, London, UK Thank You for supporting MacDailyNews! Loading... Comment Feed One Comment Dave H Monday, October 3, 2016 - 2:06 pm · Reply Cool. My local store for both work and home. Will be good to see what they’ve done with the place🙂 Add Your Feedback Name (required) Email (required) Web cancel reply Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Recent Articles Apple’s 13-inch MacBook Pro (non-Touch Bar) is the new MacBook Air and should be judged as such Video: Apple’s 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro (non-Touch Bar) vs. 2015 13-inch MacBook Air Apple’s reality distortion field made USB-C cool Morgan Stanley: Apple stands to benefit the most from President Trump’s corporate tax plans Analyst: Apple’s iPhone 8 to feature larger, curved, bezel-free display Apple patching Safari flaw revealed at PWNFEST Apple to launch 3 new iPads in March, including bezel-free 10.9-inch model, analysts say Dumb-ass thief steals a Samsung Galaxy Note 7 and immediately regrets it At least 10 million have dumped Android for an Apple iPhone What’s the Mac means to Apple MacDailyNews Poll Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 21,426 other followers  Top 10 Free Mac Apps Kindle - AMZN Mobile LLC The Unarchiver - Dag Agren Xcode - Apple App for Instagram - Instant at your desktop! - Joacim Ståhl Dr. Cleaner: Disk,Memory,System Optimizer - Trend Micro Fotor Photo Editor - Chengdu Everimaging Science and Technology Co., Ltd Flappy Golf 2 - Noodlecake Studios Inc Microsoft Remote Desktop - Microsoft Corporation App for Youtube - Instant at your desktop! - Joacim Ståhl File Helper - PCVARK Software  Top 10 Paid Mac Apps GarageBand - Apple Magnet - CrowdCafé Logic Pro X - Apple The Sims™ 2: Super Collection - Aspyr Media, Inc. Civilization VI - Aspyr Media, Inc. Affinity Photo - Serif Labs Disk Cleaner - Free Your Hard Drive Space, Clean Cache, Tune Your Drive - Pocket Bits LLC App for WhatsApp - Bastian Roessler Final Cut Pro - Apple Adware Doctor - Remove Adware, Malware, and Restore Your Browser - YONGMING ZHANG  Top 10 Free iPad Apps YouTube - Watch and Share Videos, Music & Clips - Google, Inc. Netflix - Netflix, Inc. Perchang - Perchang MagiMobile – Mighty Magiswords Collection App - Cartoon Network Facebook - Facebook, Inc. Messenger - Facebook, Inc. Rolling Sky - Cheetah Technology Corporation Limited Minecraft: Story Mode - Telltale Inc XFINITY TV - Comcast Pinterest - Pinterest  Top 10 iTunes Songs 24K Magic - Bruno Mars Closer (feat. Halsey) - The Chainsmokers Hallelujah - Leonard Cohen Don't Wanna Know (feat. Kendrick Lamar) - Maroon 5 Let Me Love You (feat. Justin Bieber) - DJ Snake Blue Ain't Your Color - Keith Urban Heathens - twenty one pilots Juju on That Beat (TZ Anthem) - Zay Hilfigerrr & Zayion McCall CAN'T STOP THE FEELING! - Justin Timberlake Hallelujah - Pentatonix  Top 10 iTunes Albums Trolls (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Various Artists You Want It Darker - Leonard Cohen A Pentatonix Christmas - Pentatonix The Essential Leonard Cohen - Leonard Cohen 57th & 9th (Deluxe) - Sting Simply Christmas - Leslie Odom, Jr. Traveller - Chris Stapleton The Best of Leon Russell - Leon Russell NOW That's What I Call Music!, Vol. 60 - Various Artists Collage EP - The Chainsmokers  Top 10 iTunes Movies Star Trek Beyond - Justin Lin Kubo and the Two Strings - Travis Knight Hell or High Water - David Mackenzie Mechanic Resurrection - Dennis Gansel Ghostbusters (2016) - Paul Feig Contact - Robert Zemeckis Central Intelligence - Rawson Marshall Thurber The Legend of Tarzan (2016) - David Yates The Infiltrator - Brad Furman Independence Day: Resurgence - Roland Emmerich  Top 10 iTunes TV Shows The Cell - The Walking Dead The Room Where It Happens - Grey's Anatomy The Interrogation - Designated Survivor Dr. Adrian Shaw (#98): Conclusion - The Blacklist Grab It! - Modern Family An Eternity of Misery - The Vampire Diaries No More Blood - How to Get Away with Murder The Brain Bowl Incubation - The Big Bang Theory The Well - The Walking Dead Chapter 9 - American Horror Story  Top 10 Audiobooks Night School: A Jack Reacher Novel, Book 21 (Unabridged) - Lee Child The Whistler (Unabridged) - John Grisham The Girl on the Train: A Novel (Unabridged) - Paula Hawkins The Wrong Side of Goodbye: A Harry Bosch Novel, Book 21 (Unabridged) - Michael Connelly Killing the Rising Sun: How America Vanquished World War II Japan (Unabridged) - Bill O'Reilly & Martin Dugard Hillbilly Elegy: A Memoir of a Family and Culture in Crisis (Unabridged) - J. D. Vance How to Win Friends & Influence People (Unabridged) - Dale Carnegie The Chemist (Unabridged) - Stephenie Meyer The Girl with the Lower Back Tattoo (Unabridged) - Amy Schumer The Art of War (Unabridged) - Sun Tzu News Opinion Contact Main RSS Comments RSS Facebook Tumblr Twitter Archives Widget Advertise Privacy © Copyright 2002 - 2016 by MacDailyNews All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP  
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Researchmoz Global Pvt.Ltd Tweet   Wearables - Market Trends, Key Challenges and Opportunities Surrounding Smart Watches & Supporting Market Players from traditional Watch Vendors to Technology OEMs and Wireless Operators This "Wearables - Fitness & Style Now, Mainstream Smart watches Later" report provides insight into the adoption Trends, Market Dynamics, Competitive Landscape, Pipeline products, Growth, Current and Emerging Players as well as Market Outlooks.   Market Research Report (EMAILWIRE.COM, October 07, 2016 ) Wearables - Fitness & Style Now, Mainstream Smart watches Later Size and Share Published in 2016-09-30 Available for US$ 3495 at Researchmoz.us Description Wearables are a bridge between mobile computers and emerging embedded IoT solutions, and are at a tipping point largely due to relentless technical innovation in smartphones and its impact on the supply chain. Smart watches and fitness devices are among the highest profile wearables, with an immediate impact on traditional watch vendors and technology OEMs alike. Smart watch use cases have been limited, and even the most successful vendor, Apple, only appealed to early adopters with its first watch. Better on-device software and IoT use cases will drive the category mainstream in the future, but manufacturers need a watch software platform with strong developer support to build out these use cases. To Browse a Full Report at: http://www.researchmoz.us/wearables-fitness-and-style-now-mainstream-smart-watches-later-report.html Key Findings Smart watches are emerging in the market at the same time as computing becomes ubiquitous. This presents vendors with a path forward a smart watch is an ideal control point for IoT. Technology vendors have two choices: build their own platforms and try to attract developers, or license Android Wear. Apple, Google, Pebble and Samsung are the only platforms with sizable developer followings. For smart watches, vendors will have to bet on Google, as it is the only licensable platform with developer support. If Apple can deliver on the promise of watches 3, it should be able to harness its developer community to create use cases that drive sales. To sell the next generation of Watches, battery life must improve to allow always-on watch faces. Synopsis Wearables Fitness & Style Now, Mainstream Smart watches Later examines wearables in context and focus on some of the key challenges and opportunities surrounding smart watches for traditional watch vendors and technology OEMs. We bring in evidence from case studies including smart watch investments by Samsung and Apple, fitness bands from Fit bit, and carrier retail support in the U.S. and Europe. Get a Sample Copy of the Report: http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=829870 The Report is structured as follows: Section 1: Wearables in Context Section 2: Smart watch Market Positioning Section 3: Vendor case studies including Apple, Samsung and Fit bit Section 4: Operator case studies, including Vodafone Germany, AT&T and Verizon Section 5: Key findings and recommendations. Reasons To Buy Wearables Fitness & Style Now, Mainstream Smart watches Later provides a comprehensive analysis of wearables market trends and key challenges and opportunities surrounding smart watches, supporting market players from traditional watch vendors to technology OEMs and wireless operators make informed strategic decisions. The reports forward-looking analysis of smart watches can help vendors/OEMs/telcos assess key business opportunities and the potential of smart watches. The report offers recommendations for different types of players in this segment and are based on real strategies employed by vendors and service providers to address the wearables market opportunity. Inquiry on this report: http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=E&repid=829870 Table of Content Executive Summary Section 1: Wearables in Context Section 2: Smart watch Market Positioning Section 3: Vendor Case studies Samsung Apple Fit bit Section 4: Operator Case Studies U.S. Carrier Retail Sales Mix Vodafone Germany Section 5: Key Findings and Recommendations Appendices Acronyms and Definitions Companies mentioned About Pyramid Research Pyramid Research contact information Browse All Telecommunications Market Research Reports at: http://www.researchmoz.us/telecommunications-market-reports-95.html About ResearchMoz ResearchMoz is the worlds fastest growing collection of market research reports worldwide. Our database is composed of current market studies from over 100 featured publishers worldwide. Our market research databases integrate statistics with analysis from global, regional, country and company perspectives. Contact Us: ResearchMoz Mr. Nachiket Ghumare, +1-518-621-2074 USA-Canada Toll Free: 866-997-4948 sales@researchmoz.us <||>rnhttp://www.researchmoz.us/ Contact Information: Researchmoz Global Pvt.Ltd Researchmoz Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 goes live on Snapdeal, offering Rs 10,000 with AmEx Apple iPhone 7 goes live on Snapdeal, offering Rs 10,000 with AmEx Apple iPhone 7 goes on sale at 7pm tonight, but for people who cannot wait that long can buy one right now from Snapdeal By: Tech Desk | Updated: October 7, 2016 1:33 pm Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus were unveiled exactly one month ago (September 7) by the Cupertino giant. Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus officially go on sale at 7pm today, but users who cannot wait those additional six or seven hours before the launch – sales of the devices are already active on Snapdeal. It is to be noted that Flipkart is the official online retailer for Apple, and is already accepting pre-orders for the devices. Amazon and Infibeam are also taking pre-bookings for both the phones. Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus were unveiled exactly one month ago (September 7) by the Cupertino giant. WATCH VIDEO: Apple iPhone 7 Plus Camera Review And Image Test Apple iPhone 7 sales went online at 12am, October 7 on Snapdeal. The two models that are currently available for purchase on the website are the iPhone 7 128GB and the iPhone 7 256GB – priced at Rs 70,000 and Rs 80,000 respectively. Customers with an Axis Bank credit or debit card will get an instant discount of Rs 2,000 on the purchase, but customers with an American Express card will get a discount of Rs 10,000 on their purchase of the device. Interested customers need to buy their device fast, because the phones are going ‘out of stock’ really fast. Watch our review of the iPhone 7 In addition Bharti Airtel has announced that the company will be offering 10GB of free 4G/3G data per month to iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus customers for one year with any Airtel Infinity postpaid plan. This free data will be above the plans existing benefits. What this means is that Airtel is offering 120GB of extra 4G/3G data to users through the one year period. “We are delighted to roll out this exciting data offer for our users to allow them to get the most out of the amazing iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus,” said Ajai Puri, Director Operations (India & South Asia), Bharti Airtel. “Customers can now enjoy the latest iPhone on India’s leading mobile broadband network with bundles of data and unlimited voice calling with our Infinity plans.” Also Read: Apple iPhone 7 Plus camera review: Just look at these photos Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus come with 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch displays respectively, but the company claims that the displays are 25 per cent brighter with more accurate colours compared to its predecessors. Both phones are powered by Apple’s latest A10 Fusion chipset, which is the fastest processor for a mobile – in the world. Apple iPhone 7 features a 12MP rear camera that features an improved f/1.8 aperture for an improved low-light performance, while the iPhone 7 Plus features dual-rear 12MP camera sensors. One of the two rear-camera sensors on the iPhone 7 Plus is a wide-angle lens, while the other is a telephoto lens. Thanks to its dual camera setup, the iPhone 7 Plus will get a Portrait mode that allows a user to take ‘bokeh’ shots, while also giving 2X of optical zoom and up to 10X digital zoom. The front camera on the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus features a 7MP camera sensor capable of taking HDR photos. Apple iPhone 7 features a 1960 mAh battery, while the larger iPhone 7 Plus is backed by a 2900 mAh battery. Both devices will be available in four colour options – Black, Silver, Rose Gold and Black. The fifth colour option, Jet Black will only be available for storage capacity of 128GB and 256GB of both iPhones. Read: Google Pixel vs Apple iPhone 7 vs Galaxy S7 edge: Premium flagships to buy this Diwali Apple iPhone 7 will start retailing at Rs 60,000 for the 32GB variant. The 128GB version of Apple iPhone 7 will be priced at Rs 70,000, with the 256GB variant costing Rs 80,000. Coming to the iPhone 7 Plus, its 32GB variant will be available at Rs 72,000; while 128GB variant will set you back to Rs 82,000. Apple iPhone 7 Plus 256GB version can be bought at Rs 92,000. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram BusinessDemonetisation: Special task force set up to expedite ATMs' recalibration, says DEA Secretary IndiaPM Modi chairs meeting with senior Cabinet Ministers; Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes accepted till Nov 24 BusinessATMs will start dispensing Rs 2000 notes from today or tomorrow: Economic Affairs Secretary IndiaCollegium lists 7 High Court chief justices for elevation to Supreme Court Board exams today, hope, fear in Valley: ‘Can’t lose year’ EntertainmentIn Bigg Boss 10, Bani is the most selfish contestant: Navin Prakash opens up after eviction EntertainmentKoffee With Karan S5: Varun Dhawan a nudist, Arjun Kapoor's sex life going great, watch teaser EntertainmentKoffee With Karan 5: Twinkle Khanna's shocking revelations on the KJo's show EntertainmentRock On 2 box office collection day 3 Must Read SportsDraw for India, a moral victory for England SportsDid India miss a trick by rolling out a true track? SportsLive Cricket, Aus vs SA, 2nd Test Day 3 TechnologyApple iPads coming in March 2017; to include bezel-less 10.9-inch version: Report TechnologyRs 500, Rs 1000 notes demonetised: Paytm, MobiKwik see boost in usage TechnologyMicrosoft Office for Android will be supported on Chrome OS  Happy Children's Day: 7 life lessons to inspire children, today and always Nov 14: Latest News Bangladesh hopes to recover $30 million more from cyber heist Max Verstappen earns comparisons with Ayrton Senna, Michael Schumacher President Pranab Mukherjee, PM Narendra Modi lead tributes on 127th birth anniversary of Jawaharlal Nehru In Rajasthan’s villages, solar-powered telecom towers are providing Internet Koffee With Karan S5: Varun Dhawan a nudist, Arjun Kapoor’s sex life going great, watch teaser                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Would you spend half your annual salary on an iPhone? Apple's hoping India will Saheli Roy Choudhury | @sahelirc Friday, 7 Oct 2016 | 2:35 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>This is Apple&#039;s biggest obstacle in India </p> <p>Apple&#039;s challenge in India is the tariffs levied on imported smartphones, which hike up the prices of iPhones, says Gartner&#039;s Mark Hung.</p> This is Apple's biggest obstacle in India    Thursday, 6 Oct 2016 | 11:32 PM ET | 02:02 The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will make their Indian debut on Friday, ahead of the country's gift-giving season, as Apple faces an uphill battle to take market share from rivals in the largest South Asian economy. A research vice president at Gartner, Mark Hung, told CNBC's "Street Signs" that currently India represents less than 1 percent of Apple's overall smartphone revenue, and Gartner data indicated the smartphone maker's share in the country was less than 5 percent. "The biggest challenge for Apple today is that the tariffs that India imposes on imported phones greatly increases the pricing of iPhones in India," Hung said, adding that in the first half of 2016, the company shipped slightly over a million iPhones in India. The suggested retail price Apple tagged to the iPhone 7 handset began at $649. Adding in India's import taxes, the final price for the basic iPhone 7 model would go up to $900, according to Hung. On Indian e-commerce player Flipkart's website, the iPhone 7 Rose Gold 32 GB model was priced at 60,000 rupees ($897.60). Prices for the 256 GB model were at 80,000 rupees, while the iPhone 7 Plus Gold 256 GB model cost 92,000 rupees. That meant the iPhone 7 costs more than half of what an average Indian earns in a year, though with a large population, the income disparity around the country was likely to be much greater. The World Bank estimated in 2015 that the average income in India was just $1,581.60, compared with $55,836.80 for an average American. Earlier this year, Apple introduced the iPhone SE, a relatively lower-priced model aimed at emerging markets, but analysts said it failed to make a significant dent in the Indian market. Hitoshi Yamada | NurPhoto | Getty Images Currently, India has one of the fastest growing smartphone markets in the world. Research from International Data Corporation in August showed that for the April-June quarter, there were 27.5 million devices shipped in the country, a 17.1 percent jump from the previous quarter and a 3.7 percent uptick from a year earlier. It was a stark contrast to the anemic 0.3 percent on-year growth in the global smartphone market for the same period. The Indian market has been dominated by Apple's global rival Samsung, local brand Micromax and a slew of Chinese manufacturers, such as Xiaomi, Lenovo and Huawei, which have improved their phone quality, while offering a much lower price than the iPhone. Some smartphone makers have also circumvented some of India's import tariffs by investing in manufacturing bases in the country so that they could sell directly to customers there. In September, Reuters reported that Huawei will start making smartphones in India starting in October in the city of Chennai. In 2015, Xiaomi teamed up with Taiwanese manufacturer Foxconn to assemble phones in India. Hung reckoned the key next step for Apple would be to open up Apple stores in India and sell refurbished iPhones at a much lower price to build up the iOS ecosystem in the country. — Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Saheli Roy ChoudhuryNews Assistant Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change 992 --- 593'A-KR --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Travel Destinations Destinations Hotels Offers Holiday types City Beach Tours Cruise Ski Family Luxury Advice More Cancel All Features Hotels Tours Destinations Features Hotels Tours Telegraph Travel Destinations North America United States California Articles 'It has the feel of a benign dictatorship': Inside Silicon Valley, land of the geeks "Mark Zuckerberg’s progeny may be the kingpin of social media, but there is an anti-social undercurrent to its premises, on the edge of San Francisco Bay in Menlo Park" Credit: © 2015 Bloomberg Finance LP/Bloomberg Chris Leadbeater, Travel writer 7 October 2016 • 7:00am “Do you know the way to San Jose?” Dionne Warwick’s 1968 question was bittersweet. Held aloft by Burt Bacharach’s stirring melody and soaring strings, this global hit single was a soulful sugar-lump, but its tunefulness partially disguised its sense of despondency. It voiced the frustrations of a wannabe who had thrown herself at Los Angeles – only to find herself, her ambitions crushed, hankering for the familiar comforts of her home city. Half a century on, the flow of the song’s narrative might be reversed. Not because LA has ceased to be a whirlpool that draws in dreamers and desperados; more that San Jose has itself become a magnet for the ambitious and gifted. What was once a woozy figure among fields has become, in some ways, the centre of the Earth; the capital of “Silicon Valley”, where the planet’s prime technology companies hold court. Warwick’s star-chaser might still seek San Jose in 2016 – but she would not be returning to her roots in failure. She would be armed with an Ivy League degree in computer programming, ideas for a digital start-up, and plans for multi-millionaire status before turning 30. San Jose's appeals are not immediately obvious Credit: stellamc - Fotolia This 21st-century mix of commerce and cleverness is one of the reasons British Airways launched the first direct flight between the UK and San Jose earlier this year – a daily service from Heathrow which effectively declares that, although San Francisco lurks a mere 55 miles to the north-west, its Bay Area sibling is now a destination in its own right. That, at least, is the theory. However, when my flight touches down, I am not immediately convinced that British Airways does know the way to San Jose – or that I have found it. While the approach to San Francisco offers that fabulous blur of skyscraper and oceanic blue, and LAX throbs with the gritty proximity of the metropolis, Mineta International Airport gives just the tireless thrum of the freeway and the hard lines of the railroad yard. The hotch-potch that lies beyond does little to support the statistic that San Jose is the third-largest city in California by population (smaller than LA and San Diego). The centre appears to be little more than a handful of blocks. And while there are fragments of urban brightness, there is also a grey smudge of fast-food joints and car lots as I head four miles west on West San Carlos Street in search of the “second Downtown” of Santana Row. Here, there is a roar of restaurants and bars outside the Hotel Valencia, but somehow the information revolution seems far removed. The 'sleepy' towns of Palo Alto - close to Stanford University - and Cupertino are where the real cut and thrust takes place Credit: jerdad - Fotolia It takes a drink at El Jardin for me to realise that I am looking for the soul of the situation in the wrong place. San Jose does not cut and thrust in its middle but in the suburbs to the west – the “sleepy” towns of Cupertino, Palo Alto, Los Altos, Mountain View and Menlo Park. It has been that way since the Second World War when the production of military hardware, a need for affordable homes in central California and a steady stream of savvy graduates from Stanford University (close to Palo Alto) began to transform a land of agricultural bounty into a realm of creative minds. The new BA link is appealing, as it can mean a swift dash to the beach at Santa Cruz (see panel, below). But it is worth dallying in San Jose first – not least because, in this era of social media and smartphones, Silicon Valley has become a tourist destination, with visitors rolling along the area’s (still largely) residential roads to peek at the new masters of the universe.  Apple's "campus" in Cupertino Credit: © 2016 Bloomberg Finance LP/Bloomberg There is a giddy murmur on the lips of the small crowd at the doors of the Apple Store when I arrive at the tech titan’s “campus” in Cupertino. It is a quiet Saturday morning, but the 10am click of the locks sparks a polite stampede. Within, all is clean design and pale wood – Apple computers, tablets and watches arranged at perfect right angles. Conwyn, my guide in this i-Valhalla, is on hand to help me understand the wonders of the terrazzo floor and use of “renewable energy sources”. “Our T-shirts are 100 per cent Pima cotton,” he says seriously. “From top to bottom, everything is purposeful – this is the only place in the world where you can buy an Apple-branded mug. You cannot buy them online – you cannot buy them anywhere else.” Prices for these porcelain totems start at $25 (£17). Already got an iPad? What about an Apple mug? Credit: © 2016 Bloomberg Finance LP/Bloomberg It is easy to mock the earnestness of a brand that has become arguably the planet’s most influential, not least when its headquarters – named “Infinite Loop” after the computer programming sequence – resembles an unremarkable out-of-town business, a fat halo of parking spaces around six office units. But to visit Cupertino is also to glimpse the power Apple wields. Its wealth is clear in the new “campus” under construction, to a Norman Foster blueprint, two miles west on East Homestead Road. Due for completion next year, at a reputed cost of $5 billion, this circular edifice resembles a spaceship landed among housing developments. It is a distant cry from the boyhood home where Steve Jobs co-founded the company in 1976. This white-painted bungalow – and its famous garage, where Jobs toiled at prototypes – still stands four miles away at 2066 Crist Drive in Los Altos, an unshowy bungalow in a one-storey maze. The firm is spending a reputed $5bn on its new campus Credit: JOSH EDELSON Such locations can be found under your own steam, but it helps to have assistance in the labyrinth. In the passenger seat next to me, Sharon Traeger is just such a torchbearer. A resident of the San Jose area for four decades, she provides detailed tours, including a day-trip that focuses on its digital developments. Bikes are de rigeur at the Googleplex Credit: © 2016 Bloomberg Finance LP/Bloomberg “Nothing stays the same for long around here,” she says. Nonetheless, she takes me back to the beginning, to the squat property at 367-369 Addison Avenue, in Palo Alto, where, in 1938, David Packard and his wife allowed William Hewlett to live in their garage, and computer firm Hewlett-Packard came into being. On the pavement in front, a telltale brown sign indicates that the house is on America’s National Register of Historic Places – described as “the birthplace of Silicon Valley.” Yet soon we are fleeing the past for the future, flitting east into Mountain View. “Ignore the Microsoft office on your left,” Sharon warns as we flit by. “It isn’t based here. It’s a Washington company. But if you are a tech brand, you have to have a base here. You must have a visible presence.” Google certainly has that. Its “Googleplex” – two huge adjacent complexes in Mountain View – is a masterpiece in visual triggers. “Googlebikes” in the search engine’s particular shades of blue, red, yellow and green, wait everywhere, ready to carry workers about the site at eco-friendly speed. A Street View car idles under a tree. The store one-ups Apple by touting Google skateboards as well as clothing and crockery. A photo posted by Jose Dijey (@jose_dijey) on Oct 3, 2016 at 7:38am PDT It has the feel of a benign dictatorship. Security staff let visitors stroll the paths, asking me if I’m “having a nice day” as a way of telling me that they’ve noticed me – and my car’s registration. The same cannot be said of Facebook. Mark Zuckerberg’s progeny may be the kingpin of social media, but there is an anti-social undercurrent to its premises, on the edge of San Francisco Bay in Menlo Park. Scowling men on bikes guard the Frank Gehry structure that acts as the firm’s nerve centre, off Bayfront Expressway. This does not deter visitors who pose for photos by the raised-thumb “like” billboard which advertises the address of the main cluster of buildings as “1 Hacker Way”. Few inspect the back of the sign, where the ghostly words “Sun Microsystems” are visible, an echo of the offices’ previous owners, devoured in a corporate takeover in 2010. IN QUOTES | California Nearby, Palo Alto is a rewriting of all rule-books. It enjoyed its key growth spurt in the Twenties as an accommodation hub for Stanford professors, but has long cast off dusty studiousness for something shinier. B8ta, on Bryant Street, stocks the latest innovations – drones for domestic use; Google Cardboard, a low-cost headset that makes your phone “wearable”. Beam, on University Avenue, sells robots. And is staffed by them. True, these slow-gliding contraptions are effectively giant flat screens on wheels which allow their controller to “see” and act remotely as they would on a video conference call. But when I speak to Yashar, the sole sales assistant – whose disembodied face floats towards me as I enter – he replies from San Diego. The buying process can be done with a few clicks, he advises. “What if I tried to steal a robot?” I ask playfully. Yashar laughs. “Then I could lock the door behind you from here, and call the police,” he says. “And all our robots have GPS. But you can try…”  Google HQ Credit: BROOKS KRAFT This is an oddly tiring experience and it is a relief to return to the less questing San Jose and find that I have misjudged the city. What seemed drab before is alive on a Saturday night. Fans are massing for a San Jose Earthquakes fixture – an unusual sight in the US, but a common one in a metropolis which, with a large Hispanic demographic, has embraced “soccer”. The excitement ebbs into San Pedro Square Market, with its cornucopia of eateries.  That's better: the Santa Cruz Mountains Credit: pastuslm - Fotolia Where there is soul, there is substance. At the heart of the complex, an adobe house dates to the time of San Jose’s foundation, on November 29 1777, by conquistador José Joaquin Moraga – as the first non-religious, non-military settlement in Spanish California.   With this, I am drawn back to the old San Jose, dozing amid furrows and fruit. Interstate 280 pulls me west again, and I go up into the Santa Cruz Mountains, the road twisting, grapes framing the camber. Here, wine, not computers, reigns – Cooper-Garrod, a family-run operation where children can take pony treks across grassy slopes while their parents try supple reds in the lodge; Ridge Vineyards, an oasis at 2,300ft, where the air is cooler, but vinophiles are present in number anyway. This feted producer’s 1971 cabernet sauvignon came fifth in the 1976 “Judgment of Paris” – a blind tasting that compared French and Californian vintages. The latter won. A photo posted by Ridge Vineyards (@ridgevineyards) on Mar 24, 2014 at 4:18pm PDT I order this wine’s 2013 successor, and go outside to admire the view: Silicon Valley at my feet. At this height, everything is visible and Apple’s new campus is unmissable. What will emerge from its corridors? I take another sip of ruby-hued ambrosia and decide that, if the tech taste-maker’s next brainwave is as good as the contents of my glass, it will be essential indeed. Getting there British Airways (0344 493 0787; ba.com) flies daily from Heathrow to San Jose. Return fares from £528.  Where to stay The four-star Hotel Valencia, at 355 Santana Row in San Jose (001 408 551 0010; hotelvalencia-santanarow.com), offers double rooms from $409 (£317), including breakfast. What to do Sharon Traeger (001 415 264 0853; traegertravel.com or toursbylocals.com) runs four-hour guided tours of Silicon Valley from $63 per person. The Tech Museum, at 201 Market Street in San Jose (001 408 294 8324; thetech.org), is open daily 10am-5pm; admission $24. Wine tastings Cooper-Garrod (001 877 923 4616; cgv.com) is open for tastings – from $10 – weekdays noon-5pm and weekends 11am-5pm. Ridge Vineyards (001 408 868 1320; ridgewine.com) is open to the public on weekends, 11am-5pm. Tastings from $5. Further information sanjose.org; visitcalifornia.co.uk; visittheusa.com From Silicon Valley to the sea One of the joys of using San Jose as a gateway to California is that it offers simple access to some of the state’s best beaches – without the need to go into San Francisco or cope with the passport queues at its busy airport. The beach at Santa Cruz Credit: caprini - Fotolia The lovely small ocean-front city of Santa Cruz (santacruz.org) is a 33-mile drive south along State Route 17. Here is a place for lazy days on the sand of Main Beach, or for wallowing in the kitsch Americana of the Boardwalk (beachboardwalk.com; day-passes $34/£24) – California’s oldest theme park, dating to 1907, where wooden rollercoasters still rumble and rattle. Next door, the Dream Inn (001 866 774 7735; jdvhotels.com) offers room-only doubles for $299. A further 45 miles south, Monterey (seemonterey.com) is a seaside haven where Cannery Row – made famous by John Steinbeck’s 1945 novel of the same name – has transformed itself from fish-packing district to nest of bars, restaurants and hotels. The Spindrift Inn (001 800 841 1879; spindriftinn.com) offers double rooms with breakfast for $249. Monterey Bay Sailing (montereysailing.com) runs one-hour cruises ($39) for sightings of the grey, humpback and killer whales that pass through.  USA most epic Follow Telegraph Travel READ MORE ABOUT: Facebook Apple Google Show more Loading... Sponsored Read more 03 Nov 2016, 11:39am These pictures of surfing dogs will restore your faith in the USA 30 Sep 2016, 2:20pm Top 10: the best Los Angeles beach hotels 20 Sep 2016, 1:00pm Top 10: the best five-star hotels in Los Angeles 19 Sep 2016, 3:32pm Los Angeles shopping guide: where to shop 'til you drop 16 Sep 2016, 4:26pm Jane Seymour's Malibu: 'Living here is like being on vacation every day' Travel latest Gallery 13 Nov 2016, 6:00am Gallery: The 16 greatest cities for a winter break 11 Nov 2016, 5:44pm Black Friday: how to spot the best travel deals 11 Nov 2016, 5:14pm Top 10: the best beach hotels in France 11 Nov 2016, 5:12pm Top 10: The best family-friendly hotels in Orlando 11 Nov 2016, 3:15pm TV programmes to give you wanderlust this week 11 Nov 2016, 3:09pm Top 10: the best Miami Airport hotels 11 Nov 2016, 2:46pm Will Slovenia be the unlikely beneficiary of Trump's election triumph? 11 Nov 2016, 12:36pm Travel more important to millennials that buying a home or paying off debt, research shows 11 Nov 2016, 11:34am Greece expects a bumper year for tourism despite 'unfair' coverage of migrant crisis Gallery 11 Nov 2016, 9:00am Gallery: Haunting photographs of battlefields as they look today 10 Nov 2016, 4:15pm 17 fantastic things to do in Britain this weekend 10 Nov 2016, 4:14pm 12 guest habits guaranteed to annoy ski chalet hosts 10 Nov 2016, 3:45pm 'Pockets of Awesome' in a reinvented Christchurch 10 Nov 2016, 12:45pm Gear guide: the best ski socks for 2016/17 10 Nov 2016, 12:40pm Top 10: Paris hotels with Michelin-starred restaurants 10 Nov 2016, 12:31pm Top 10: The best family-friendly hotels in England 10 Nov 2016, 12:20pm Top 10: the best family-friendly hotels in Gran Canaria 10 Nov 2016, 12:13pm Top 10: the best South Beach Miami hotels 10 Nov 2016, 12:06pm Top 10: the best Dublin hotels for St Patrick's Day Gallery 10 Nov 2016, 9:45am Gallery: Nine places where you can smoke marijuana legally (including North Korea) 09 Nov 2016, 2:30pm The 15 best destinations for December sun 09 Nov 2016, 2:02pm 10 countries where McDonald's is not welcome If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
null
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health Food Travel Autos Video news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Snapdeal partners Amex to offer Rs 10K off on iPhone7, 7 Plus The Financial Express 07-10-2016 PTI E-commerce major Snapdeal has partnered with American Express to offer the latter's card members a discount of Rs 10,000 when they buy the latest edition of iPhone from its platform. "....an instant Rs 10,000 off on Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus for American Express Card members. The offer will go live on Snapdeal at 00:00 hours on October 7, 2016," it said. Unveiled last month, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus would be available in India from today at a starting price of Rs 60,000 across multiple platforms. © image This is an exclusive partnership under which Amex is giving a special price to its card users when they purchase an iPhone 7/7 Plus on Snapdeal using an Amex card, Snapdeal said in an emailed statement. The discount can also be clubbed with the on-going exchange offers on the e-commerce portal on phones and zero cost EMIs, it added. "We have entered into a strategic partnership with American Express and are excited to bring yet another much sought after and iconic product to our customers with an attractive offer," Snapdeal co-founder Rohit Bansal said. The latest version of Apple's smartphone would be available on platforms like Flipkart and Tata CliQ as well. Tata CliQ is offering its customers Rs 10,000 deferred cashback with HDFC credit and debit cards (issued in India). The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be available in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB storage variants in silver, gold and rose gold colours. The new jet black colour variant will come only in 128GB and 256GB variants. While the 32GB phone will be available for Rs 60,000, the pricing of the other models has not been disclosed. iPhone 7 features a 4.7-inch display with 3D touch, while iPhone 7 Plus has a 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 3D touch. Both the smartphones are powered by a new quad-core Apple A10 Fusion processor, which it claims is 40 per cent faster than the previous generation. The iOS 10-powered iPhone 7 sports a 12MP iSight camera and 4K video recording. The iPhone 7 Plus has dual 12MP rear cameras -- one wide-angle and a telephoto lens. The handsets come with IP67 rating, signifying the fact that it is water and dust resistant, a first for the Apple smartphone. The Cupertino-based company is betting big on the Indian market. In July, Apple CEO Tim Cook had said that India is one of its fastest growing markets. In a separate statement, Snapdeal said it has sold over 11 million units during its Unbox Diwali Sale that started on October 2. "Snapdeal sold more than 11 million units during its Unbox Diwali Sale held from October 2-6, 2016. Fashion, home (general merchandise) and electronics were highest selling categories by volume in that order," it added. "The Unbox Diwali Sale has been a great success for us on all metrics. We saw a 4 times increase of new users who shopped at Snapdeal as compared to last Diwali," Snapdeal co-founder and CEO Kunal Bahl said. Go to MSN Home More in News Exchange limit raised to Rs 4500 News18 Cash chaos: Micro ATMs coming Hindustan Times Trump vows to deport millions News18 What jammed the ATM The Indian Express 'Modi world champ of peace' The Indian Express Trump leaves US Muslims reeling, scared News18 Up Next Time extended for old notes The Indian Express More in News Deadly earthquake jolts southern Japan Prince William and Kate visit India and Bhutan Follow MSN India on Facebook for the latest news and updates More From The Financial Express Get ready for biggest & brightest 'Supermoon' in 70 years; NASA's tips to click spectacular photographs The Financial Express LIVE Demonetisation of Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes; Centre to set up task force to expedite processes, says Shaktikanta Das The Financial Express The Financial Express More from Financial Express Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health Food Travel Autos Video © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Terms of use About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Google Allo, WhatsApp, Messenger, Telegram; which is the best messaging app for you? By Rehan Hooda 13   Comments 5 reasons why LeEco’s TV will beat Samsung in India? 5   Comments Researchers find that surface of Mars is so dry that it is inhabitable 4   Comments Amazon India could kill Netflix with this new Prime Video subscription plan By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Currency ban: An analysis of social media sentiment around India’s latest financial regulation By Nash David 2   Comments Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus: Seven things to know before you buy #Apple iPhone 7 Image Credit: REUTERS 0 By Sheldon Pinto /  07 Oct 2016 , 10:45 Are you standing in line outside an Apple Store? Did you pre-order the iPhone 7 online? Well, there are plenty of ways you can buy Apple’s latest iPhone 7 models this year. Pricing too seems to be pretty much in check, with Apple offering higher storage options with price tags that may not necessarily shock Apple upgraders. The new iPhones this year are even more powerful than last year’s iPhone 6s and recent Geekbench results also revealed that it’s way more powerful than the just announced Google Pixel smartphones. While the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus may appear to be “iPhone perfection” in Apple’s eyes, derived from the iPhone 6 and 6s models, they’re not actually perfect. So here are a few pointers you should keep in mind before you take the leap. Storage options Unlike iPhone models that were launched in the past, Apple finally culled the 16GB variant with the iPhone 7. The base model now starts from 32GB instead, which is good news for those who wanted an updated basic iPhone 7, but the lowest official price for the same starts from Rs 60,000. Moreover, the base model will not be available in the much sought after Jet Black variant as the new finish will only be offered with the 128GB and 256GB options. The much-loved 64GB version is no more so those looking for similar storage capacity will have to shell out Rs 70,000 for the 128GB model. As a bonus, the previous generation iPhones, the 6s, 6s Plus and SE, also offer similar storage options. Jet Black It may look slick, but an iPhone 7 in ‘Jet Black’ will see plenty of scratch marks on its delicate, shiny metal finish. As I pointed out in a previous piece, Apple actually offers a disclaimer at the bottom of the page, which suggests that it gets scratched easily. If you are going in for one though, make sure you buy a microfibre cleaning cloth to keep it scratch-free, as rubbing it on your garments or jeans will lead to scratch marks on the back. If you’re worried about scratches, the ‘Black’ matte-finished model is a better option. Charging and the case of the missing 3.5mm headphone jack Yes. If you are have a collection of wired headphones, you should already know how much of debate this has been even before the official announcement of the iPhone 7. With 3.5mm headphone jack missing from the device, Apple offers a lighting to 3.5mm adaptor in the box. So you will have an appendage to connect to, before you plug in your snazzy, wired headgear. With that said, it is easier (but more expensive) to buy a pair of quality Bluetooth headphones to make your life easier. Why? Like the MacBook, charging and using your lightning headphones simultaneously is now not possible without an additional adaptor. With that said, Phil Schiller from Apple did point out that one could purchase an additional Apple iPhone Lightning Dock to use the two simultaneously. The Dock should set you back by a good Rs 3,500-5000 (again, not listed in India). Apple could have solved the issue by including wireless charging, but we think the company’s use of an all-metal design meant that it had to be chucked out. Apple’s AirPods They’re pricey and they look impractical and depending on what’s on your mind they could appear like small hair dryers or electric toothbrush heads. In short, they’re just not cool nor practical but Apple CEO, Tim Cook thinks otherwise. Oh, and they go for an absurd Rs 15,000. Dual-Camera It may sound like a gimmick, but dual-camera setups on most premium and mid-range smartphones do serve a purpose if used right. Apple’s dual-camera system on the iPhone 7 Plus will give you better pictures with its new portrait mode, but that will only be available when a software update arrives. The update is currently stuck in an iOS 10 beta and should arrive with the next patch. What you do get with the iPhone 7 Plus is 1X optical zoom and up to 10X digital zoom. Waterproof Apple for the first time officially introduced its iPhone this year claiming that they are IP67-rated for dust and water resistance. While it may not be advisable to take one swimming nor click pictures underwater, you will surely be able to place calls in the shower or when its raining without worrying about your phone getting damaged. Home button A bigger taptic engine replaced the 3.5 mm jack Apple decided to go in for a Force Touch static home button this year. While many will be happy that they will not have to worry about checking their warranty before it gets damaged, this new home button cannot be pressed down. Thanks to the Taptic Engine it gives you vibrations that should giving you a feeling that it is being pressed down. The good part is that it is customisable, to some extent. Tags: all you need to know, Apple, Apple Inc., Apple iPhone 7, Apple iPhone 7 Plus, Apple launch, iPhone, iPhone 7 features, iphone 7 launch, iPhone 7 problems Also read Apple iPhone 7: Here’s how you knock off up to Rs 10,000 from its official retail price Apple iPhone 7 / 7 Plus to start selling at 7PM today: Here’s where you can buy it X Recommended For You New Apple iPhone 7 ad highlights louder stereo audio and ‘splash-resistance’ Apple iPhone 7 32GB with slow storage speeds: Should you get one? Apple iPhone 7 ignites inside a car; is this a Samsung Galaxy Note 7 in the making? Apple iPhone 7 hits South Korean stores in Note 7’s absence Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Emojis Nov 14, 2016 New emojis such as a hijab-wearing woman, yoga practitioners and more coming on smartphones next year #Artificial intelligence Nov 14, 2016 Artificial intelligence system surfs the internet to learn and improve performance #Paytm Nov 14, 2016 Paytm hits 5 million transaction per day; will process over Rs 24,000 crores soon #Currency ban Nov 14, 2016 Currency ban: An analysis of social media sentiment around India’s latest financial regulation #Vivo V5 Nov 14, 2016 Vivo V5 and V5 Plus to launch on 15 Nov; to feature 20MP selfie camera SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality Rating : 8 / 10 Yu Yureka Review: Micromax delivers a good, affordable 4G-enabled phablet; Should Xiaomi worry? T & C Policy Contact Us US Election 2016 Copyright © 2016 Tech2.com
