Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Friday, 19 May 2017 | MYT 12:30 PM Google’s digital Assistant is hobbled on Apple’s iPhone The reality for iPhone users is that the Google Assistant will probably never beat Apple Inc's Siri on its home turf. — Reuters Some people think Google's virtual assistant beats Siri in reliability and capability. That may be true on Google's own devices, like the Pixel smartphone, but the Assistant is hobbled on the iPhone.  During the keynote at the Google I/O conference this week, the Internet giant unveiled a version of its Assistant as an app for the iPhone. It has a slick design, integrates the company's ubiquitous search engine, and taps into Google services like Gmail and Google Calendar. The crowd of developers in the audience cheered: millions of new iPhone users to reach for innovative voice-based interactions.  But the reality for iPhone users is that the Google Assistant will probably never beat Apple Inc's Siri on its home turf. That's bad news for the Alphabet Inc unit, which wants its voice-based technology everywhere. Here are some of the limitations:  You have to download it from the App Store. While Siri is fully baked into the iPhone from the first time you turn it on, the only way to get Google Assistant on your iPhone is to download it from Apple's App Store. This may seem obvious as it is a third-party program, but the process of finding the app, installing it, and placing it in an ideal spot on your home screen is significant friction that will likely limit adoption and usage.  On Google's Pixel phone, there are none of these potential road blocks. You can't launch it with your iPhone's home button or with your voice. To launch Siri on your iPhone, you just click the home button for a couple of seconds. You can also say "Hey, Siri” if you have more recent hardware.  With the Google Assistant app, you have to either use a shortcut in the widget panel left of the iPhone's first home screen or find the app icon. You also can't launch the app by saying “OK, Google,” but you can use the phrase if you already have the app open.  This relatively small inconvenience can be a deal breaker as one of the selling points of a comprehensive voice assistant is to avoid tapping and switching between different apps.  You can't tap into basic iPhone functions and settings. Siri is one of the quickest ways to turn on Airplane Mode, or Do Not Disturb, or create alarms. Google Assistant on the iPhone can't integrate deeply enough into Apple's iOS operating system to pull off those actions.  It does let you input calendar appointments, set timers, jot down shopping lists, look up contacts, and get reminders, but all of that functionality works only with Google's own services. If you're in the iCloud ecosystem – using built-in core mobile features like Apple's calendar or contacts – you'll probably stick with Siri.  You can't launch apps, search some Apple content stores, or pull up photos. One of the most handy Siri features is the ability to search for App Store apps, iTunes movies, and photo albums with your voice. Google Assistant can't tap into those features, although you can search for Apple Music songs and it will send you to that app. Similarly, you can't ask Google to launch Apple apps on your iPhone, like the calculator or a sports news app, but you can launch many Google-made apps that are installed on the iPhone.  You can't integrate with other non-Google apps on your iPhone. Siri sends you seamlessly into Uber or Lyft apps to order a ride, send a text message via WhatsApp, or post to Twitter. With Google Assistant on the iPhone, the extent of most app integration ends at Google services like YouTube and Gmail. (Google says Apple Music is again an exception).  Google has chat bots (called Actions on Google) for various news, productivity and travel services, but there are limitations since the system is not tapping into actual apps on the iPhone. Google says deeper third-party app integration is coming. Integrated Apple services typically require an extra step.  While many Apple apps and services don't play nicely with Google Assistant, some do work. Namely, text messaging, and making phone calls. However, texts and calls require an extra step. Asking Siri to send a message, or call a colleague puts Apple's assistant to work instantly. Google's Assistant requires tapping an extra button to confirm those actions.  You can't easily use it in the car. Siri is deeply integrated into your car's Bluetooth system. Users can either hold down the iPhone home button, hit an assigned key on a steering wheel, or say the Siri voice command. Google Assistant on iPhones doesn't have this level of integration, making it a non-starter in the car.  Altogether, unless you are deeply in the Google ecosystem, using Google Assistant on the iPhone is a pain compared to Siri. Of course, over time, it is possible that Apple will open up more functionality to the Google Assistant.  For now, however, Google Assistant on the iPhone does have one or two advantages over Siri, even for those in the Apple apps and services world.  You can type into the Assistant. This is great for situations where you want to quickly get a task done without speaking out loud. And if you have a Google Home speaker, the Assistant on the iPhone integrates well with that device for controlling other connected home gadgets. — Bloomberg Related Stories You May Be Interested Uber renews push for arbitration in Waymo trade-secrets case Hackers steal 17 million users’ data from Indian restaurant app Zomato The evolution of mobile phones Coway promotes a healthy lifestyle When the CEO is your mentor 10 after work habits for personal success Others Also Read Mums treated to hearty buffet brunch on special day DPM: There's no excuse for cops to flout the law Check out Sungai Buloh's Valley of Hope advertisement Latest News UK’s May opens door to Facebook tax in push for safer web Google wants all online ads to run on its speedy mobile formats Microsoft to open Africa datacentres to seek edge in cloud push Uber renews push for arbitration in Waymo trade-secrets case Security experts find clues to ransomware worm’s lingering risks Most Viewed in Tech WannaCry ransomware: should users pay the ransom money? Security experts find clues to ransomware worm’s lingering risks With new mini-apps, WeChat seeks even more China clicks Uber renews push for arbitration in Waymo trade-secrets case Google wants all online ads to run on its speedy mobile formats They predicted the ‘WannaCry’ ransomware cyberattack, so how come few listened? Is Apple going to ditch the iPad mini? Facebook wins dismissal of US lawsuits linked to terrorism Driverless trucks to help run Singapore chemical company China issues warning for new ransomware virus Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News ICJ snubs Pak, accepts India's key argument: Round one to India, Kulbhushan Jadhav Women will get option to say no to triple talaq, Muslim board tells SC 2007 hate speech case against UP CM Adityanath: HC bench restrains court from passing order on closure report Russia probe: Donald Trump decries "single greatest witch hunt" in US history Rupee crumbles 69 paise to 64.84 on US political turmoil, Sensex too falls from all-time high Home Technology Mobile & Tabs iPhone SE Made in India: Karnataka govt assures full support to Apple iPhone SE Made in India: Karnataka govt assures full support to Apple Apple has started the trial run for manufacturing iPhone SE in India in the state of Karnataka By: PTI | Bengaluru | Published:May 19, 2017 10:21 am Apple has started the trial run for manufacturing iPhone SE in India in the state of Karnataka. (File photo. Image source: Reuters) Expressing “delight” over US tech giant Apple Inc’s decision to begin initial production of ‘iPhone SE’ in the city, the Karnataka government today assured full support to the company. “I am delighted to know that one of the most valuable  technology companies in the world Apple has decided to  manufacture its iPhone SE models in Bengaluru. I congratulate the Apple team for their decision and making the project a reality,” State Industries Minister R V Deshpande said. “The iPhone SE model is very popular and in high  demand globally. It is a matter of great pride that in future these phones will be available globally with a Made in India seal,” he said in a statement. Apple Inc had yesterday said it is beginning initial  production of a “small number” of ‘iPhone SE’ in the city and  start shipping to domestic customers this month. Stating that the government has assured full support for Apple’s manufacturing facility in Bengaluru, Deshpande said it is important to note that there was stiff competition among states to get this project. “The fact that Apple chose Karnataka has yet again affirmed Karnataka’s investment attractiveness and business  friendly environment,” he said. The Karnataka government had in February announced  Apple Inc’s proposal to commence initial manufacturing  operations in Bengaluru. The phones will be manufactured by Wistron, a Taiwanese OEM for Apple at Peenya in the city. The Minister has also expressed hope that the move will boost job creation and enrich innovation and technology ecosystem in the state. The company has also announced opening of ‘App  Accelerator’ in Bengaluru, an initiative that would provide  support to Indian developers and enable them transform the design and performance of their apps on its mobile operating  system iOS. For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now Tags: Apple make in india No Comments. Best of Express How do EVMs, VVPAT machines work? EC to demonstrate tomorrow Coal scam: Special Delhi court convicts former coal secretary HC Gupta Indian detained at Atlanta airport dies in custody OpinionCivil society & state must join hands to battle sexual crimes against children OpinionICJ’s preliminary ruling is a snub to Pakistan, which is arguing that ICJ lacks jurisdiction Buzzing Now EntertainmentReema Lagoo dead after suffering cardiac arrest, she was 59 EntertainmentHalf Girlfriend movie review: Arjun, Shraddha are caught in Chetan Bhagat's world EntertainmentRenuka Shahane remembers Reema Lagoo. See rare photos of Reema TrendingIrrfan Khan and AIB's take on popular memes has sent the Internet into meme-making frenzy TrendingDhinchak Pooja's 'Selfie maine le li aaj' is a rage on Twitter; check out these hilarious reactions Top News Kapil Mishra Press Conference: AAP received hawala money, claims sacked minister Tussle between Army, govt will shape how The Hague verdict plays out in Pakistan Anil Madhav Dave cremated with full state honours on Narmada bank ICJ snubs Pakistan, accepts India's key argument: Round one to India, Kulbhushan Jadhav SportsIPL Qualifier 2, MI vs KKR: Five things you need to know SportsSRH vs KKR: Post 1.27 AM finish, BCCI to revisit rain rule LifestyleDeepika Padukone at Cannes 2017: Slaying like a style goddess in an ethereal gown LifestyleIsn't Shraddha Kapoor's cover dress similar to Kangana Ranaut's Fendi outfit? TechnologyGoogle's Android Go: What is it all about, when can you expect the phones TechnologyMicrosoft held back security update that could have slowed WannaCry: Report May 19: Latest News Haryana Board Class XII results out: Pass percentage up by 2; Rewari tops list Pune man’s bid for Guinness World Record: In 121 days, 121 half-marathons Tension in Chandigarh Congress: Manish Tewari seeks entry, Pawan Bansal camp worried Punjab board CLASS XII Results: School’s goof-up leaves 30 students waiting for results Jalyukta Shivar Abhiyan: 5,000 new villages to be covered Most Read Tamil Nadu SSLC 2017: Class 10th results released at tnresults.nic.in Reema Lagoo dead after suffering cardiac arrest, she was 59 Haryana Board class 12 results announced, check results at BSEH app, bseh.org.in HBSE to declare Class 12 results on May 18 at 4 pm, Class 10 results by May 20                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] May 17 AAPL: 150.25 -5.22 Tim Cook calls accessibility a ‘core value of Apple’ as he sits down for trio of interviews in honor of GAAD Chance Miller - May. 17th 2017 7:49 pm PT @ChanceHMiller Tim Cook View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit In honor of Global Accessibility Awareness Day, Tim Cook invited a trio of YouTubers to Apple’s campus. For instance, YouTuber Rikki Poynter sat down with Cook to discuss Accessibility and Apple’s role in that area. For those unfamiliar, Poynter is a 25-year-old deaf YouTuber who started out with a focus on beauty products but has since switched to advocacy for closed captioning, signing, and the deaf culture. In her sit-down with Tim Cook, Poynter discusses the Apple products she uses, why Apple cares about accessibility, and more. Additionally, Tim Cook sat down with blind YouTuber James Rath, and Accessible Hollywood… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover Cook opened the interview with Poynter by asking about the Apple products she uses, which she says include the iPhone, MacBook, iPad, and Apple Watch, which she has just recently started incorporating into her lifestyle. From there, Poynter tells Cook a bit more about her YouTube background and efforts in closed captioning awareness. After hearing about Poynter’s struggles with finding captioned videos, Cook asks if she’s tried Apple’s new Clips app at all, because it has support for auto-captioning videos. She explains that she’s really impressed with how the app works for captioning, though she says it has difficulty understanding her due to her deaf accent. Poynter then asks Cook why Apple cares about accessibility, to which he responds by saying that Apple believes accessibility is a human right: Apple is founded on giving people power to create things, to do things they couldn’t do without those tools. We’ve always viewed accessibility as a human right, and just like human rights are for everyone, we want our products to be accessible to everyone. It’s a basic core value of Apple. We don’t make products for a particular group of people; we make products for everybody. We feel very strongly that everyone deserves an equal opportunity and equal access. We don’t look at this thing for a return on investment. I’ve been asked that before and the answer is no. We don’t care about that. A lot of these Accessibility features, everyone can use. With HomeKit, I use HomeKit every day and control my house with my voice. It’s a basic core value of Apple. The Accessible Hollywood interview was actually shot entirely using Clips and focuses on similar topics, including Apple Watch and Apple’s iOS Accessibility features. In the sit-down with James Rather, Cook again calls accessibility a basic human right, while also noting of the security and privacy focus employed by Apple. Apple last night released a series of videos in honor of Global Accessibility Awareness Day, focused on how users with disabilities use Apple products every day. Watch Tim Cook’s sit-down conversations in honor of GAAD below. Thanks @JamesRath @PintSzDiva @RikkiPoynter for visiting Apple for #GAAD! Great conversations about the importance of accessibility. pic.twitter.com/APg8J3LRvY — Tim Cook (@tim_cook) May 18, 2017 Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides Tim Cook The CEO of Apple View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 152.54 2.29 Google Maps joins Apple Maps in 3D coverage of Apple Park, but very out of date images Ben Lovejoy - May. 18th 2017 5:25 am PT @benlovejoy Apple Park Google Maps Steve Jobs Theater under construction as seen on Google Maps View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple Maps got updated with 3D satellite images of Apple Park back in March, and the same is now true of Google Maps. NordVPN Selecting satellite view and then zooming in brings up the usual 3D button, which then allows you to CTRL-drag to change the perspective. The images are very out of date, showing construction at a much earlier stage, but it’s still quite fun to explore – like the look at the Steve Jobs Theater shown above. The regular drone footage we see is the best way to keep updated with progress on the campus, and we also got a sneak peek at some of the details inside the main spaceship ring. You can follow all our coverage of the campus in our Apple Park guide. Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more news and reviews!   Ben Lovejoy @benlovejoy Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels published to date, and an SF novella series coming in March 2017. Favorite Gear MacBook/Pro/Air Sony a6300 DJI Mavic Pro Guides Apple Park Apple Park, previously titled Campus 2, will become the company's new headquarters in 2017 View THe Guide Google Maps View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 152.54 2.29 Apple controversially taking 30% cut of donations sent via Chinese social network apps to content creators Ben Lovejoy - May. 18th 2017 6:51 am PT @benlovejoy AAPL Company china WeChat View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple is courting controversy in China by announcing that it will take a cut of donations sent to content creators via social media apps in the future … NordVPN WeChat and other Chinese social media apps include a ‘tip’ function which allows users to reward content providers by sending them a donation of anything from 1 yuan (15 cents) up. Donations are transferred by the chat app between mobile wallets. Apple last month told developers that they should disable this functionality in order to comply with App Store rules, but the WSJ reports that the company appears to have had a change of heart, and now sees tips as a revenue opportunity. Now, those tips will be considered in-app purchases, just like buying games, music and videos, entitling Apple to a 30% cut. The piece notes that the decision comes at a time when Apple’s revenue in China is falling. The company is at a critical juncture in China. Its revenue is sliding. Its market share dropped from 16% in 2015’s first quarter to 9% two years later, according to research firm IDC, and the iPhone has fallen to No. 4 in the market behind three homegrown brands. Apple is also concerned that WeChat has effectively become a platform rather than just an app, potentially reducing the need for Chinese users to buy apps. WeChat is a super app that increasingly acts like an operating system. Its “mini- programs” allow businesses to plug in their own simple apps that can be accessed within WeChat, so that users don’t have to leave the platform. Users, for example, can open WeChat, find a nearby KFC and order food without having to download KFC’s app. However, the move could be seen as culturally tone-deaf, say some, as tipping is seen as a means of expressing personal appreciation, and is viewed very differently to a purchase. It also risks further conflict with the government. In China, Apple needs to tread carefully to avoid the traps that befell other foreign companies slow to adapt to the unique features of Chinese internet culture, including the government’s frequently heavy hand. One executive says his company is talking to the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, a regulator, about whether Apple is imposing unfair rules by turning tipping into in-app purchases. Apple has already seen iBooks and iTunes Movie services temporarily shutdown by the government, been forced to remove the New York Times apps from iTunes and is currently facing pressure to ‘tighten checks’ on live-streaming apps. Photo: Bloomberg Ben Lovejoy @benlovejoy Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels published to date, and an SF novella series coming in March 2017. Favorite Gear MacBook/Pro/Air Sony a6300 DJI Mavic Pro Guides AAPL Company Breaking news from Cupertino. We’ll give you the latest from Apple headquarters and decipher fact from fiction from the rumor mill. View THe Guide china View THe Guide WeChat View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 152.54 2.29 Happy Hour Podcast 120 | WWDC MacBooks and iPads, iOS 10.3.3 wallpaper hints and watchOS 4 wishlist Zac Hall - May. 18th 2017 8:46 am PT @apollozac Happy Hour Podcast View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit This week Benjamin and Zac discuss the iPad updates and MacBook models rumored for WWDC, iOS 10.3.3 beta and what the new wallpapers may suggest, what the original Watch OS got right and how watchOS 4 could improve Apple Watch, and much more. 9to5Mac’s Happy Hour podcast is available for download on iTunes and Apple’s Podcasts app, or through our dedicated RSS feed for Overcast and other podcast players. Sony A6500 New episodes of Happy Hour are available every week. As mentioned, you can download this podcast via iTunes or plug in our RSS feed link into your favorite podcasting app. Note: Subscribing to the podcast feed will guarantee the latest episode is downloaded as soon as possible. Hosts: Benjamin Mayo Zac Hall Here’s what we discussed in this episode: KGI: Apple likely to launch 10.5-inch iPad Pro and Siri Speaker at WWDC alongside new software Bloomberg: MacBook Pro upgrade coming at WWDC alongside 12-inch MacBook refresh iOS 10.3.3 beta brings three new wallpapers to 12.9″ iPad Pro, download here WWDC Wishlist: How Apple Watch could improve with watchOS 4 Here’s what watchOS 4 could learn from the original Apple Watch OS Sponsor: Blue Apron — visit BlueApron.com/9to5 to check out this week’s menu and get your first three meals free — with free shipping. Feedback? Drop us a line at happyhour@9to5mac.com. Remember: Subscribe on iTunes to catch all of the episodes as they go live and thanks for listening! Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides 9to5Mac Happy Hour Podcast A weekly podcast discussing the latest in Apple and technology. View THe Guide Podcast View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 152.54 2.29 9to5Toys Last Call: new iPad from $300, HomeKit Smart Plug $24, Blue Yeti Blackout Mic $90, more Justin Kahn - May. 18th 2017 9:30 am PT @justinkahnmusic Deals View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: App Store Free App of the Week: Eggggg platformer free for very first time (Reg. $3) PDFConverterOCR 4 for Mac with a Lifetime License: $17 (Reg. $50) Pad & Quill leather/wood iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch gear 10% off, more Apple Magic Keyboard and Magic Mouse 2 (cert. refurb) for $110 shipped Fast Company, INC, Entrepreneur Magazine Bundle: 1yr for $9 shipped Atomos Ninja Inferno: A great way to speed up your Panasonic GH5 workflow [Video] LG G6 32GB Unlocked Smartphone w/ Watch Style for $600 (Reg. $950) The Magnificent Seven (2016) $1 digital rental (Reg. $5) Samsung 40-inch Smart HDTV for $299 shipped (Reg. $430), more Canon PIXMA Color Inkjet with AirPrint $37 shipped (Reg. $55+) BOSON Building Blocks bring LEGOs and other projects to Life! LEGO’s latest is a massive 2,800-piece Minecraft Mountain Cave set WATTS is the customizable battery backup system meant to fit any home Ryobi ONE Compact Drill for $99 + one more power tool free (up to $79 savings) Green Deals: Honeywell Wi-Fi Smart Thermostat $125 (Reg. $175+), more Sony Bluetooth Light-Up High Powered Speaker $175 (Reg. $230+) Dyna-Glo Smart Space 3-Burner Gas Grill hits Amazon all-time low at $196 Best Buy discounts newest iPad to $300, 128GB marked down to $400 eBay takes 20% off tech over $25: iPad mini 2 32GB $184, more Add a HomeKit-enabled Koogeek Smart Plug to your setup for $24 (Reg. $30) Blue Yeti Blackout Microphone + Watch Dogs 2 for PC: $90 (Reg. $140) Save $249 on Apple’s sleek 13-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar Apple’s non-Touch Bar 13-inch MacBook Pro on sale from $1,280 Apple iPhone 6s Plus 64GB GSM Unlocked in multiple colors for $550 iPhone 7 BOGO Free Sale at Sprint Powerbeats3 Wireless Earphones hit $120 in multiple colors (Reg. $150) Transistor action-RPG for iOS drops to $3 (Reg. $5) TopScanner PDF app for iPhone and iPad now available for free (Reg. $2) Cut the Buttons HD for iPad now just $1 on the App Store Wrestle Jump’s hilarious iOS local 2-player action free for first time in years App Store Free App of the Week: Little Kitten virtual pet app free (Reg. $2) Review: Colorware’s painted JoyCons add a unique and personal touch to Nintendo Switch [Video] Review: Drone Nerds fixed my broken DJI Phantom in just 24 hours Review: LEGO UCS Snowspeeder lives up to the iconic Star Wars vehicle 9to5Rewards: Elago’s W3 and W4 Apple Watch Stands [Giveaway] MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY:   Anker iPhone 7 and Galaxy S8 Minimal Cases in multiple colors $3 (Reg. $10+) Samsung Gear IconX Cord-free Earbuds w/ 4GB storage $75 shipped Aukey Mini Drone lets you to take the skies for only $20 (Reg. $30) Smartphone Accessories: OontZ Angle 3 PLUS Bluetooth Speaker $24, more Tomoko 87-Key USB Mechanical Keyboard w/ Blue Switches for $27 shipped Daily Deals: Eton All Purpose Weather Alert Radio $80, Samsung 43-inch Curved Smart 4K Ultra HDTV $430, more Kanex debuts new GoPower Magnetic Charging Apple Watch Stand, more Scribd Three-Month Audiobook and Magazine Subscription: FREE (Reg. $27) Logitech G633 Artemis Spectrum Gaming Headset for $70 shipped (Reg. $100) Knots 3D for iOS free for first time in nearly a year (Reg. $2) Today’s Best iOS & Mac Game/App Deals: Brave Guardians, Knots 3D, more Today’s Best Game Deals: Titanfall 2 $20, Star Wars Battlefront from $6, more Dyson Ball Allergy Upright (refurb) $233 (Orig. $350) today only Adobe Photoshop Elements 15 for PC/Mac w/ How-To Guide: $90 Ultimate Fidgeters Bundle Helps Relieve Work Stress for $20 NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Amazon upgrades Fire tablet lineup w/ thinner design and new features [Deal] Nanoleaf ditches the smartphone with its 12-sided Aurora Remote Moog unveils the new limited edition Subsequent 37 CV synth The Witcher takes on Game of Thrones with new Netflix series Alexa-enabled 4K TVs from Westinghouse hit w/ Fire OS built-in Apogee Control now comes free w/ Element 88 Thunderbolt interfaces Jammy: the new portable iOS-connected smart guitar with telescopic neck Mophie’s new Galaxy S8/S8+ cases add up to 3,300mAh of extra power for $99, available now Arckit lets you build custom model cityscapes easier than LEGO Polk’s new Chromecast-powered MagniFi soundbar offers 5.1-Ch. surround sound Gather tames your desk’s clutter with a stylish and modular organizer The Daymak C5 Blast is the “fastest Go-Kart the world has ever seen” SolarGaps window blinds hide built-in solar panels, helps renters save on utilities Elgato’s Stream Deck brings broadcast-level control to your Twitch stream Nike’s new Air Jordan 13 Golf brings iconic retro style to the course LEGO Marvel Super Heroes 2 release date and more [Video] VRgluv will change the future of VR for the better The ClayXYZ 3D Printer lets anyone create ceramic artwork easily and affordably Samson Q2U Podcasting Mic Bundle hits today for under $60 Nike’s new iPhone 7 cases have Air Force 1 and Roshe designs TCL just introduced a line of affordable 4K Roku TVs with Dolby Vision HDR Nintendo Switch gets a complete Super Famicom makeover Mafia 3’s open-world organized crime comes to Mac today Städler Made’s $300 Pizza Oven brings the restaurant experience home Lighthouse uses deep learning to do more than a typical security camera AstroPrint + AstroBox Touch will make 3D printing as easy as Pi Logitech unveils K840 Mechanical Keyboard with custom in-house switches PBS now has an HDMI Streaming Stick w/ Remote just for Kids MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Learn to Code 2017 Bundle: Pay What You Want for iOS and Mac Lessons Sphero’s adorable BB-8 App-enabled Droid is $70 w/ this exclusive code   iOttie Easy One Touch 2 iPhone/Android Car Mount $13 (Reg. $20) Luxury Book iPhone 7 Plus Case BenQ Home Theater Projector: $380 shipped Polk Audio MagniFi One Sound Bar $150 Belkin Carrying Case for Apple Pencil $15 iClever Bluetooth Earphones w/ Mic $10, more Philips Wake-Up Lights: $40 Moto G Plus 4G 64GB Android Smartphone $220 Harman Kardon 5.1-Ch. Surround Sound System $140 Finish Line’s End of Season Sale: Nike Roshe from $42 George Foreman Grill for $68 (Reg. $85) Ryobi 18V Cordless Trimmer/Blower $159, more O2COOL 10″ Portable Fan down to $18 (25% off) Dyson Refurbished Cinetic Animal Upright Vac from $200 (Orig. $600) Amazon lowers its minimum free shipping threshold! Luvvitt iPhone 7/Plus cases starting at $4 Motor Trend Magazine: 4 yrs. for $12 DJI Phantom 3 Professional Drone with 4K for $549 Huawei Watch Stainless Steel Smartwatches from $170 Eddie Bauer takes 40% off sitewide Sony DualShock PS4 Wireless Controllers down at $38 Philips Sonicare Electric Toothbrushes: $30 Mpow Solar LED Lights from $16, 2-pack $30, more BOGO free tickets to see the new Baywatch movie Hamilton Beach Coffee Percolator hits $27 Starbucks offers a $15 Gift Card w/ $60 purchase Aukey SoundTank Bluetooth Speaker $33, more Arduino Roundup: Robot Car $78, Getting Started eBook $10 and more! Amazon offers a $10 credit for new Music Unlimited streaming customers Justin Kahn @justinkahnmusic Justin is a senior editor covering all things music for 9to5Mac, including our weekly Logic Pros series exploring music production on Mac and iOS devices. Justin is an audio engineer/producer with over 10 years experience in the music industry. Favorite Gear PXN MFi game controller Akai MPK USB MIDI Keyboard Pocket Operator synth Guides Deals View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 152.54 2.29 Vevo updates tvOS app with curated playlists & original content Greg Barbosa - May. 18th 2017 10:59 am PT @gregbarbosa Apple TV tvOS Vevo View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Following up on the experience it brought to iOS, Vevo is bringing its reimagined 10-foot interface to tvOS. Available soon on the fourth generation Apple TV, Vevo’s new app looks to make finding and enjoying music videos as easy as possible. The app introduces curated playlists and artist stations to the music video experience. Seeing an average global viewership of 23 billion views a month, Vevo sees the living room as an obvious next step for its entertainment app. Talking with Vevo’s CEO, Erik Huggers told us how excited he was that Vevo was able to build out the tvOS project in just eight weeks. Huggers shared that this is just an initial step in the journey for a direction that the company wants to go. Anna Zvagelskaya, Product Manager at Vevo, says the company had three goals with the app: to be the best app for videos on TV, to make sure it was contextually aware, and to always put video first. After personally demoing the app on the Apple TV, it’s clear that Vevo really hit all three. The app feels dynamic and alive, and curated playlists with animated thumbnails draw the eye without being obnoxious. Top-menu navigation, while similar to Apple’s own standard UI, is larger and bolder, making it clear even on smaller screens. There are no “static” screens filled with text asking users to navigate through menus. Vevo helps watchers find what to play, and play it quickly. This is made all the more evident with the interface choices made once a video is playing. Users can continue to discover and navigate to videos in a playlist without ever leaving a video. This experience, introducing new navigation without losing current context, is one that I see other video apps soon copying. Vevo’s “Peek-inside-playlist” UI This “peek-inside-playlist” UI that Vevo has created is what I can only describe as “Total Request Live for the YouTube generation.” While watching any music video on-screen, users can press the Touch screen button of the Siri Remote and see a list of other music videos in the playlist. They can then interact with those videos by favoriting or adding to a playlist, all without leaving the current video that is playing. While it seems obvious in retrospect, this experience is something that apps like Hulu and Netflix are sorely missing. Keeping viewers engaged in the current content, while searching and browsing, and without losing focus to either one is an impressive feat. Vevo’s current average viewer session length comes in at 80 minutes, according to Zvagelskaya. For a company that launched outside the MTV-generation, those numbers can appear staggering. How can a service that has a primary goal of serving music videos compete in a digital world filled with so many other streaming services? Zvagelskaya added that these viewers are hitting an average of 70% completion into a video before moving away. If these numbers are correct, Vevo is set to be the digital generation’s MTV. Vevo’s lineup of original content Though music videos live in a strange space in the streaming services category, Vevo’s experience brought to iOS and tvOS show that they are willing to put in the work to discover where they fit best. The new update better highlights favorite content, curated playlists (organized by both genre and markets), and original exclusive content. With big name players like Apple Music, Hulu, and Pandora, Vevo is making sure that they’re the first place to go for music video content. The new Vevo for Apple TV app will be available tomorrow, May 19th, 2017. Grab the most recent iOS updates from the App Store for free now. Image Credit: Vevo Greg Barbosa @gregbarbosa Greg Barbosa is the Product Manager at Electrek, 9to5Google, 9to5Mac, and 9to5Toys and a writer for 9to5Mac. Favorite Gear iPhone 7 Plus, 128GB (Jet Black) Peel iPhone 7 Plus Case 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (2.9GHz i7, 16GB RAM, Radeon Pro 460, 1TB storage) Guides Apple TV View THe Guide tvOS View THe Guide Vevo View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 152.54 2.29 Report: Tim Cook testing wearable blood sugar tracker on Apple’s campus, connected to Apple Watch Benjamin Mayo - May. 18th 2017 12:48 pm PT @bzamayo Apple Watch View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Earlier in April, news broke that Apple was developing an Apple Watch oriented solution to diagnose and manage diabetes, with a non-invasive sensor that continuously measures blood sugar levels. Today, CNBC is reporting that Tim Cook is actively wearing a glucose tracker prototype on his body around Apple’s campus. The report says that the wearable tracker is connected to the Apple Watch but the details are murky … Try Amazon Prime 30-Day Free Trial Based on CNBC’s description, it sounds like the tracker Tim is wearing is a separate independent unit that communicates to the Watch over Bluetooth, rather than a feature integrated inside of the Apple Watch itself. The source says the glucose tracker was “on the Watch,” which perhaps means it physically attaches to the watch chassis in some way to extend its capabilities. Although it would make sense for Apple to ultimately include the glucose tracker inside the Watch hardware, early prototypes may indeed be separate devices whilst Apple tests the algorithms and reliability in the real world. Behind closed doors, other teams would then work out how to incorporate the sensor into the Apple Watch chassis. This is just speculation of course: there is also the possibility Apple sells the glucose tracker as an add-on accessory. Tim Cook has said in the past that certain features like blood monitoring require approval and regulation by the FDA. By creating a separate accessory, Apple will be able to iterate on product development on its primary Watch line unimpaired whilst sending off the ancillary device through the necessary regulatory procedures. CNBC also notes that Cook mentioned that he was using a continuous glucose monitor when he visited the University of Glasgow. Cook said the readouts from the glucose monitor helped him adjust his diet to keep his blood sugar in check. Again, it wasn’t clear if this device was made by a third-party company or by Apple itself: Tim Cook also talked about the device to a roomful of students in February at the University of Glasgow, where he received an honorary degree. He didn’t say if it was a medical device from a company like Medtronic or Dexcom, or an Apple prototype. “I’ve been wearing a continuous glucose monitor for a few weeks,” he said. “I just took it off before coming on this trip.” Apple’s research into diabetes treatment was also highlighted by BGR in recent days. That report indicated that Apple would manufacture smart bands that expand the Watch with additional functions (as well as looking stylish). This means the glucose monitor could become part of one of these smart bands, which would communicate with future Apple Watch hardware. Although there are not many rumors right now about a Series 3 Apple Watch, some supply-side reports have pointed to a fall revision for Apple’s wearable line. It will apparently use a new type of touch sensor technology. Benjamin Mayo @bzamayo Benjamin develops iOS apps professionally and covers Apple news and rumors for 9to5Mac. Listen to Benjamin, every week, on the Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro Apple AirPods Guides Apple Watch View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Search News 9Honey Finance Sport TV Celebrity Fashion & Beauty Homes Diet & Fitness Recipes Travel Viral 9News NATIONAL LOCAL NSW VIC QLD SA WA NT TAS CANBERRA GOLD COAST ILLAWARRA NSW CENTRAL WEST RIVERINA WORLD 9RAW WEATHER MORE Politics Health 6PM News Finance Technology Your Say Sport Entertainment Meet the team Crime Good News Buzz 60 Minutes Contact Us 9Stories A Current Affair 60 Minutes Today Inside Story Send us a story, photo or video 9news › health › Exploding headphones not our fault: Apple 2:14pm May 19, 2017 Exploding headphones not our fault: Apple By AAP An Australian woman whose face, hands and hair were burned when her headphones exploded on a plane won't be compensated by manufacturer Apple because third-party batteries were at fault. The woman, who wishes to remain anonymous, was napping on a Beijing to Melbourne flight in February when she was awoken by the sound of an explosion and a burning sensation on her face. "Our investigation indicated the issue was caused by a third-party battery," an Apple representative said in a statement issued by the woman's lawyers on Friday. The woman, whose face, hands and hair were burned, had sought to be reimbursed to replace her headphones and several items of ruined clothing. She says she bought the headphones duty-free in 2014 and the AAA batteries in Australia. She says she was extremely disappointed with Apple's decision. "The headphones don't work without batteries, yet nowhere on the headphones - or their packaging - did it specify which brand of batteries should be used," she says in a statement. Following the mid-air incident, the national aviation safety regulator issued a warning to passengers about battery-powered devices. "Batteries should be kept in an approved stowage, unless in use," the Australian Transport Safety Bureau warned in March. Apple has been contacted for comment. © AAP 2017 Send your photos, videos and stories to 9NEWS Email contact@9news.com.au Large files 9news.wetransfer.com You can remain anonymous. Click here for more information. Career news: Part-time and casual opportunities increasing - seek.com.au Career news: Nine types of managers and how to manage them - seek.com.au Career news: How to ask why you didn't get the job - seek.com.au Auto news: GM could sell Opel to Peugeot parent - caradvice.com.au Auto news: Autonomous cars won’t kill people, but they will ‘take our jobs’ - caradvice.com.au Auto news:  What does the new American president mean for the auto industry? - caradvice.com.au Auto news: A new Hyundai ute is now on the cards - caradvice.com.au Auto news:  Buying a new car? Here are 11 things you should consider first - caradvice.com.au LIVE FEED Queensland coastline drenched by record rain deluge Top News 'excited to get started': Rebel Wilson in court ahead of defamation trial against publisher deadly rampage: Video shows moment civilians detained Times Square attacker tax scam: Entrepreneur tenth person charged over alleged fraud syndicate Top 5 Small Cars Australia is on sale now! Australia's official lotteries 30 Day Free Trial Deposit $50 bet with $200* Shop Home and Garden Back to top News Breaking News World News News videos Weather Sport Wide World of Sports Cricket NRL AFL Live scores Entertainment TheFIX Latest celebrity news TV guide Daily crossword Daily horoscope Daily quiz Movie times Pedestrian TV Lifestyle Fashion Diet & Fitness Viral Homes Recipes Travel Catch-up TV The Voice Love Child The Last Resort Survivor 60 Minutes Britain's Got Talent Careers Advertise with us Help Terms of use Privacy © 2017 Nine Digital Pty Ltd Feedback
Sign In Create Account Sign Out My Account Home The Magazine Current Issue Digital Edition CIAdvanced Digital Edition Subscribe Archives News Features Resources Advertiser Index Blogs Raw and Manufactured Materials Overview eNewsletters Classifieds & Services Marketplace Buyers' Connection List Rental Market Trends Material Properties Charts Custom Content & Marketing Services CI Top 12 Virtual Supplier Brochures Directories Data Book & Buyers Guide Ceramic Components Directory Materials Handbook Equipment Digest R&D Lab Equipment and Instrumentation Services Directory CI Home Home » Apple Awards Corning First Advanced Manufacturing Fund Investment Ceramic Industry NewsCI Advanced NewsTopicsGlass Apple Awards Corning First Advanced Manufacturing Fund Investment Corning’s 65-year-old Harrodsburg, Ky., facility has been integral to the 10-year collaboration between these two companies and will be the focus of Apple’s investment. May 19, 2017 KEYWORDS general business / general manufacturing / glass in electronics / innovation Reprints No Comments Apple® recently announced that Corning Inc. will receive $200 million from Apple’s new Advanced Manufacturing Fund as part of the company’s commitment to foster innovation among American manufacturers. The investment will support Corning’s R&D, capital equipment needs and state-of-the-art glass processing. Corning’s 65-year-old Harrodsburg, Ky., facility has been integral to the 10-year collaboration between these two companies and will be the focus of Apple’s investment.  “Corning is a great example of a supplier that has continued to innovate, and they are one of Apple's long-standing suppliers,” said Jeff Williams, Apple’s chief operating officer. “This partnership started 10 years ago with the very first iPhone, and today every customer that buys an iPhone or iPad anywhere in the world touches glass that was developed in America. We’re extremely proud of our collaboration over the years, and we are investing further with Corning who has such a rich legacy of innovative manufacturing practices.” “Corning’s longstanding relationship with Apple has not only led to significant glass innovations that have enabled new capabilities for consumers, it has also helped create nearly 1,000 American jobs and allowed us to continue growing and expanding in the U.S.,” said Wendell P. Weeks, Corning’s chairman, CEO and president. “This investment will ensure our plant in Harrodsburg remains a global center of excellence for glass technology.” Apple has committed to investing at least $1 billion with U.S.-based companies as part of the fund, which is designed to foster innovative production and highly skilled jobs that will help lay the foundation for a new era of technology-driven manufacturing in the U.S. Apple now supports two million jobs across all 50 U.S. states, including 450,000 jobs attributable to Apple’s spend and investment with U.S.-based suppliers. Last year alone, Apple spent over $50 billion with more than 9,000 domestic suppliers and manufacturers.  Since the inception of Corning® Gorilla® Glass in 2007, the partnership between Apple and Corning has created and sustained nearly 1,000 U.S. jobs across Corning’s R&D, manufacturing, and commercial functions, including over 400 in Harrodsburg. Corning has procured enough renewable energy to cover all of its Apple manufacturing in the U.S. For more information, visit www.apple.com or www.corning.com. Did you enjoy this article? Click here to subscribe to Ceramic Industry Magazine. Related Articles Corning’s Net Sales Dip in 2016 First Quarter Corning to Invest in LCD Glass Substrate Facility in China Corning Achieves $9.8 Billion in Core Sales for 2015 Corning Makes Equity Investment in Menlo Micro Related Products Advanced Structural Ceramics Processing and Properties of Advanced Ceramics and Composites III: Ceramic Transactions, Volume 225 Handbook of Advanced Ceramics Machining Ceramic Interconnect Technology Handbook Related Events The Future of Transportation World Conference Materials Science & Technology 2017 ceramitec 2018 Ceramics Expo 2018 Related Directories Innovnano-Advanced Materials S.A. Innovnano-Advanced Materials S.A. Morgan Advanced Materials Advanced Ceramic Technology You must login or register in order to post a comment. Report Abusive Comment Thank you for helping us to improve our forums. Is this comment offensive? Please tell us why. 
 Subscribe For Free! Print & Digital Edition Subscriptions eNewsletters Online Registration Customer Service More Videos Products Handbook of Advanced Ceramics Machining Ceramics, with their unique properties and diverse applications, hold the potential to revolutionize many industries, including automotive and semiconductors. See More Products Ceramic Industry Magazine 2017 May Which company is the 2017 Ceramic Industry Supplier of the Year? View More Subscribe Resources Advertiser Index List Rental Custom Content & Marketing Services Manufacturing Group Partners Want More? Connect Privacy Policy Copyright ©2017. All Rights Reserved BNP Media. Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing
Share 4 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-18 CW’s ‘Black Lightning’ First Trailer Has Just Been Released, A Retired Hero Goes Back To His Roots Entertainment 2017-05-18 Play ‘The Bachelorette Fantasy League’ Now For The Grand Prize, Who Will Rachel Lindsay Choose? Entertainment 2017-05-18 Is Ben Higgins Getting Another Shot On ‘The Bachelor’ 2018 After Split From Lauren Bushnell? Entertainment 2017-05-18 Nick Carter And Former Spice Girl Team Up On ABC’s ‘Boy Band’ News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-05-18 Powerball Jackpot Continues To Rise, Watch Saturday’s Drawing For $228 Million Live Online News 2017-05-18 Richard Rojas May Have Been Under Influence Of Synthetic Marijuana When He Mowed Down Civilians [Updated] News 2017-05-18 World War 3 Alert: Vladimir Putin Orders Massive New Military Draft, Trump Threatens U.S. Will Leave NATO News 2017-05-18 Chelsea Manning Shares New Photo, Drinks Champagne After Release While Trolled Online For Being Transgender Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-05-19 ‘NXT TakeOver: Chicago’ Championship Match In Jeopardy Due To Injury At Live Event Wrestling 2017-05-18 Former Diva And TNA Impact Wrestling Star Retiring Soon And Talks Batista Getting Her Fired Basketball 2017-05-18 Paul Pierce Wants Boston Celtics To Trade Top Pick [Opinion] Wrestling 2017-05-18 Roman Reigns’ Actions On ‘Monday Night Raw’ Signify Start Of Heel Turn [Opinion] Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-18 Slurpee ‘Bring Your Own Cup Day’ Returns To 7-Eleven For 2017, What You Need To Know About #BYOCUPDAY Lifestyle 2017-05-15 5 Lessons In Running A Successful Business, According To Kylie Jenner Lifestyle 2017-05-11 Today Is National Eat What You Want Day! Here’s How To Score Free Food Lifestyle 2017-05-09 Mother’s Day 2017: Six Cool Last-Minute Gifts To Give Mom Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-18 Caffeine Overdose Kills South Carolina Teen: How Much Caffeine Is Too Much? Health 2017-05-16 Deadly Hepatitis C Virus Is On The Rise In America Health 2017-05-16 Beware The ‘Caffeine Overdose’: Energy Drinks Kill Healthy South Carolina Teen, How Dangerous Is Caffeine? Health 2017-05-14 Cholera Outbreak: 115 Dead In Yemen ‘We Are Now Facing Serious Outbreak Of Cholera,’ Says Red Cross Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-05-19 ‘Destiny 2’ PC Impressions: Gameplay, Graphics, Controls, Battle.net Exclusivity, And A Later Release? Gaming 2017-05-18 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Balancing Update: Supercell Changes Balloon Attacks With May 2017 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Update Gaming 2017-05-18 Select ‘GTA Online’ Races, Adversary Modes Offering Double Rewards, Cunning Stunts Cars Discounted Gaming 2017-05-18 Why ‘Injustice 2’ Is A Hit With Critics BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-19 Disney Announces Huge Partnership With LuLaRoe For Official Disney-Themed Line Of Leggings And More Collection BuzzWorthy 2017-05-18 Barron Trump Takes 80 Classmates To White House — A Lesson For Trump Critics? [Opinion] BuzzWorthy 2017-05-18 Male Romper ‘RompHim’ Is Just The Latest Assault On Traditional Masculinity [Opinion] BuzzWorthy 2017-05-18 Alan Thicke’s Estate: Robin Thicke And Brother Battle Stepmom Tanya Callau SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss iOS 10.3.1 Jailbreak Still Not Out As Apple Releases 10.3.2, Jailbreak Teams Reportedly Give Up Mobile 4 0 0 May 18, 2017 iOS 10.3.1 Jailbreak Still Not Out As Apple Releases 10.3.2, Jailbreak Teams Reportedly Give Up Nics Abasta Apple has already rolled out iOS 10.3.2 to the public and has seeded 10.3.3. to developers. Yet, the long-awaited iOS 10.3.1 jailbreak is still nowhere to be found. This prompted words to spread that the iOS 10 jailbreak is just a big hoax and that Pangu could simply not crack Apple’s code. Should you upgrade to 10.3.2? iOS 10.3.2 update is packed with security improvements and bug fixes and is a major point update despite not including any new features. One of the deal breakers in this update is that it will break any jailbroken devices, so you might want to hold off installing it if you are eagerly waiting for the iOS 10.3.1 jailbreak tool, according to Forbes. But on that note, you have to be careful with your web browsing as Apple had listed 23 categories of exploit that were discovered, of which more than 20 are WebKit-related. iOS 10.3.2 contains important security updates, so the ultimate advice is to install it as soon as possible. For jailbreak enthusiasts, note also that the rumored release of an iOS 10.3.1 jailbreak tool has not come to fruition and remains uncertain. According to The Bitbag, some people believe that Pangu was never really able to make an iOS 10 jailbreak tool. It promised before that it will release the tool after Apple rolled out the latest OS version, but with the delays, some take it as just a big lie. Jailbreak teams giving up? “I am done with jailbreaking.” The latest working iOS jailbreak tool is Yalu, developed by Luca Todesco, a popular Italian iOS hacker. The Yalu Jailbreak website said that the Yalu tool has been updated to support iOS 10.3.1 jailbreak, but after that, Todesco announced he would no longer work on any iOS jailbreaking tool. He wrote on Twitter that if you like jailbreaking, you should save your blobs and just stay to 10.2.1 and added, “I am done with jailbreaking.” Whether it means that Todesco will stop doing a jailbreak tool for public consumption and continue working on it in private or stop jailbreaking altogether was not clear. 1. Save blobs 2. If you're currently on 10.2.1 stay on it if you want to jailbreak. 3. I am done with jailbreaking. — qwertyoruiop (@qwertyoruiopz) March 27, 2017 Apple is surely giving hackers a hard time cracking its code, releasing updates one after another at an unprecedented rate. With 10.3.2 version already seeded to developers, jailbreakers face another setback. Droid Report said Pangu is giving it another shot, probably the last one, to release a 10.3.1 tool during a conference. But it should be noted that it happened last year with iOS 10 jailbreak tool, which never reached the public. There are no updates as well from TaiG and other hacking groups. iOS 10.3.1 Jailbreak Promised By A Security Researcher But It Might Take A While https://t.co/Hi3dn0A7qk pic.twitter.com/XwOXQiF7mW — Redmond Pie (@RedmondPie) May 19, 2017 Nonetheless, the jailbreak community still gives the hacking teams the benefit of the doubt. Since the 10.3.3 has only been seeded, the teams need some time to tweak whatever tool they have. So some recommend that the JB enthusiasts wait for a little while and not upgrade to the latest iOS version, also considering that after the iOS 10 firmware, Apple will be focusing on iOS 11. Furthermore, there are speculations that Pangu may have already been working with Apple, under the tech giant’s bounty program, according to 1redDrop. By advertising that a JB tool for 10.3.1 version will be released, users are encouraged to upgrade to the latest OS, giving up their iOS 10.2 or 9 jailbreaks. If the users do not save their blobs, there’s no way they can downgrade as Apple immediately stops supporting older versions of its OS once it rolls out the latest ones. iOS 11 Features: Sneak-Peek into Brand New Features https://t.co/PGdoLCZNyL pic.twitter.com/40j6Hqnxwt — ios dev (@dev_iosdev) May 18, 2017 iOS 10.3.3 is already available for download for developers. It would likely include additional bug fixes and security improvements. Although it could be expected to reach 10.4 or 10.5, no new features are foreseen to be introduced. After all, Apple is already gearing up for the iOS 11, which is expected to be announced in September, along with new iPhone devices. [Featured Image by Kiichiro Sato/AP Images] Now Watch This: Uber Requires Transport License Advises Top European Court Now Read This: ‘Destiny 2’ PC Impressions: Gameplay, Graphics, Controls, Battle.net Exclusivity, And A Later Release? Share 4 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Nics Abasta Tags: Apple, ios 10, iphone May 18, 2017 ‘Amazing Race’ Season 30 Confirmed: How Can Producers Inject New Life Into A Stale Franchise? [Opinion] May 18, 2017 Does ‘Little People, Big World’s’ Jacob Roloff Hate His Family? A Look At The Evidence Both Ways [Opinion] Comments LATEST HEADLINES Donald Trump Resignation: Trump Will Likely Quit As Russia Investigation Deepens, Longtime Associate Predicts ‘Destiny 2’ PC Impressions: Gameplay, Graphics, Controls, Battle.net Exclusivity, And A Later Release? Katy Perry’s Head On A Fruit Plate Leaves Onlookers Speechless In NYC [Video] Disney Announces Huge Partnership With LuLaRoe For Official Disney-Themed Line Of Leggings And More Collection ‘My 600-LB Life’ Milla Update: Grateful Mom Of 5 Is Looking For Work As She Continues To Grieve Over Husband ‘Days Of Our Lives’ Spoilers: Chad DiMera’s Curse, Greek Romance, And What Happens After The Crash? ‘NXT TakeOver: Chicago’ Championship Match In Jeopardy Due To Injury At Live Event Duggar Sisters, Jill, Jessa, Jinger, And Joy, Sue Police And ‘In Touch’ Magazine Over Josh Molestation Docs Was A ‘Twin Peaks’ Reboot 25 Years Later A Coincidence? David Lynch Weighs In Steve Harvey’s Ex-Wife Says ‘Family Feud’ Host ‘Murdered’ Her Soul, Wants $60 Million In Damages Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories Impeach Donald Trump Now, Say Nearly Half Of American Voters In New Poll 27.2k 0 0 ‘Little People, Big World’: Tori Roloff Posts New Pic Of Baby Jackson, Zach Afraid To Cut Cord [UPDATE] 12.1k 0 0 Does Donald Trump Want To Be Impeached? It’s Shaping Up To Look That Way [Opinion] 8.6k 0 0 Sony ‘Playman’ a.k.a. PlayStation ‘Switch’ Could Be The End Of Nintendo’s Console, Concept Design Teased 6.3k 0 0 Kourtney Kardashian Celebrated Mother’s Day By Getting Totally Naked Again 6.1k 0 0 ‘Roseanne’ Revival Coming To ABC: Find Out What The Cast Has Been Up To Post-‘Roseanne’ 6k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1369, 15 May 17 #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 #1362, 27 Mar 17 #1361, 20 Mar 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Security Update 2017-002 (Yosemite and El Capitan) Fantastical 2.3.7 PopChar X 7.7.1 Default Folder X 5.1.5 OmniFocus 2.9.1 OmniOutliner Essentials and Pro 5.0.3 Tweetbot 2.5 1Password 6.7.1 ChronoSync 4.7.6 and ChronoAgent 1.6.2 Typinator 7.2     Related Articles Apple Releases macOS 10.12.5, iOS 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2, and tvOS 10.2.1 (15 May 17)     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Watchlist | 18 May 2017 | Print  | Comment (0) Security Update 2017-002 (Yosemite and El Capitan) by Agen G. N. Schmitz Apple has released Security Update 2017-002 for OS X 10.10 Yosemite and 10.11 El Capitan, patching a number of vulnerabilities that were also included in the macOS 10.12.5 Sierra release (see "Apple Releases macOS 10.12.5, iOS 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2, and tvOS 10.2.1," 15 May 2017). For both El Capitan and Yosemite, the security update addresses a memory consumption issue that could lead to arbitrary code execution, fixes validation issues that could allow an application to read restricted memory, and resolves a memory corruption issue that could allow an application to escape its sandbox. (Free. For 10.10.5 Yosemite, 421.1 MB; for 10.11.6 El Capitan, 710.6 MB; security content release notes)   READERS LIKE YOU! Support TidBITS by becoming a member today! Check out the perks at <http://tidbits.com/member_benefits.html> Special thanks to Mike Chace-Ortiz, Curtis Sylvester-Jose, Paul Smith, and jim mcconville for their generous support!   Comments about Security Update 2017-002 (Yosemite and El Capitan) To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Resolves a number of security vulnerabilities for the two older operating systems. (Free, various sizes) Receive comments via RSS Add a comment There are no comments on this article.  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Agen G. N. Schmitz TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home Companies Economy Politics Interviews Property World Announcements News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusiness May 19, 2017 09:08 AM IST | Source: PTI Karnataka government assures full support to Apple "The iPhone SE model is very popular and in high demand globally. It is a matter of great pride that in future these phones will be available globally with a Made in India seal," he said in a statement. Apple Inc had on Wednesday said it is beginning initial production of a "small number" of 'iPhone SE' in the city and start shipping to domestic customers this month. Expressing "delight" over US  tech giant Apple Inc's decision to begin initial production of 'iPhone SE' in the city, the Karnataka government today assured full support to the company. "I am delighted to know that one of the most valuable  technology companies in the world Apple has decided to  manufacture its iPhone SE models in Bengaluru. I congratulate the Apple team for their decision and making the project a reality," State Industries Minister R V Deshpande said. "The iPhone SE model is very popular and in high  demand globally. It is a matter of great pride that in future these phones will be available globally with a Made in India seal," he said in a statement. Apple Inc had on Wednesday said it is beginning initial  production of a "small number" of 'iPhone SE' in the city and  start shipping to domestic customers this month. Stating that the government has assured full support for Apple's manufacturing facility in Bengaluru, Deshpande said it is important to note that there was stiff competition among states to get this project. "The fact that Apple chose Karnataka has yet again  affirmed Karnataka's investment attractiveness and business  friendly environment," he said. The Karnataka government had in February announced  Apple Inc.'s proposal to commence initial manufacturing  operations in Bengaluru. The phones will be manufactured by Wistron, a  Taiwanese OEM for Apple at Peenya in the city.The Minister has also expressed hope that the move will boost job creation and enrich innovation and technology ecosystem in the state. The company has also announced opening of 'App  Accelerator' in Bengaluru, an initiative that would provide   support to Indian developers and enable them transform the   design and performance of their apps on its mobile operating  system iOS. tags #Apple #Business #iPhone SE #Karnataka government Related news India This day, that year: A President is born in India; Marilyn Monroe performs for John F Kennedy May 19, 2017 09:28 AM Business Truck, bus makers may find relief under GST as scrappage policy enters last mile May 19, 2017 09:19 AM Business Video: Haseeb Drabu on day 2 agenda of GST meeting May 19, 2017 09:18 AM Business Lupin gets USFDA nod for generic schizophrenia drug May 19, 2017 09:05 AM Business Coca-Cola to raise fruit sourcing for juice, aerated drinks May 19, 2017 09:00 AM Business Karnataka government assures full support to Apple May 19, 2017 08:34 AM Business Sutlej Textiles' to raise up to Rs 500 cr May 19, 2017 07:40 AM Business ADB raises Rs 3 bn through rupee-linked bonds May 19, 2017 07:40 AM Business 7% rate offering helps DBS cross 1 million customer mark May 19, 2017 07:40 AM News Most Popular Top News Fund managers increased their holding in these 20 blue-chip companies in April Top 10 stocks which rose up to 100% during Nifty50 journey from 9000-9500 Take Notice! Top 30 cos where promoters increased pledged holdings in March quarter HUL’s Q4 beats Street as profit rises 6% to Rs 1,183 cr, EBITDA up 12% at Rs 1,651 cr Exclusive: Full list of GST rates for 98 categories of goods HUDCO debuts on exchanges with 21.5% premium at Rs 73.55 Rakesh Jhunjhunwala says market peak far away; sees Nifty doubling in 4-5 years Market Live: Sensex, Nifty erase huge chunk of gains; HUL up 2% see more Video of the day Not 30%, but 12-15% returns still possible from mutual funds over next 5 years: Sundaram MF Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Game Changers Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch PowerYourTrade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | FAQs | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » PowerYourTrade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | FAQs | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Faizan Javed
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/why-digital-wallets-are-a-rare-struggle-for-apple-1495143549 Hot Stocks Why Mobile Wallets Are a Rare Struggle for Apple There’s not enough reason for shoppers to use Apple Pay, an analyst says, “because the existing infrastructure functions so well.” By Emily Bary May 18, 2017 5:39 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Apple may continue to have a hard time selling users on the advantages of Apple Pay. Illustration: Getty Images When it comes to new payment technologies, it’s a tale of two wallets. “Digital” wallets -- things like PayPal, which help you pay on websites -- have taken off, while “mobile” wallets -- like Apple Pay, which help you at traditional stores -- have been largely disappointing. One analyst thinks that’s unlikely to change any time soon. More from Barron’s Next What Warren Buffett Learned About the iPhone at Dairy Queen iPhone Users Have Seen the Galaxy and They’re Not Impressed How Apple Is Trying to Fix This Weak Link Two Years with the Apple Watch: A Love/Hate Relationship “Adoption of Apple Pay and other mobile wallets has been underwhelming, in large part because the existing infrastructure functions so well,” Morgan Stanley’s James Faucette wrote Thursday. He still doesn’t see how Apple and others will convince users that tapping their smartphones at checkout makes paying much easier. [Get more smart takes on the companies you care about. Sign up for the Barron’s Next daily newsletter.] Apple might have a bit more luck getting users to try the technology for in-app purchases, “particularly if it adds new customers ‘by default’ as they purchase iPhones,” Faucette wrote. Meanwhile, he expects that PayPal will continue to reign supreme in the digital wallet world, even though card companies like Visa and Mastercard, and tech companies like Apple and Amazon, are trying to encroach on its turf. “Recent progress suggests PayPal is well entrenched,” he wrote. The company added the most new merchants in the last year, even though it had by far the most to begin with. But PayPal’s strength seems already reflected in its stock price, Faucette says. He rates the shares at Equal Weight, suggesting he thinks the stock will trade in line with the overall market. Big Picture: One analyst predicts that Apple still won’t have an easy time selling users on Apple Pay going forward, and he thinks PayPal could fend off challengers in the “digital wallet” world. Text Size Regular Medium Large Emily Bary emily.bary@Barrons.com • @emilybary Most Popular Why Mobile Wallets Are a Rare Struggle for Apple Disney: Why Investors Can’t Get Over ESPN’s Problems Your Favorite Bar Food is Getting More Expensive The Best Day to Buy Airline Tickets Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Here's why Apple's iPhone sales are struggling in China Ashraf Eassa, The Motley Fool May 18, 2017, 9:45 PM 3,728 facebook linkedin twitter email print AP As I dug into Apple's most recent quarterly filing, I noticed something interesting with respect to the company's iPhone business, which made up 63% of the company's net revenue in the most recent quarter, and 67% of revenue over the past six months. Apple reported iPhone sales increases in four geographic regions: Americas, Europe, Japan, and Rest of Asia-Pacific. However, the good iPhone news in those regions was substantially offset by severe weakness in China, where the company's revenue dropped 13% year over year, from about $12.5 billion to around $10.7 billion. Let's consider why Apple may be experiencing such dismal results in a country that Apple CEO Tim Cook once predicted would be the company's largest market. Tough competition Apple has faced intense competition in the China smartphone market for quite some time and has only gotten fiercer in recent years. Companies such as Xiaomi, OPPO, Vivo, and Huawei are aggressively attacking this market by trying to offer devices that are jam-packed with whiz-bang features while selling them at relatively low prices. Apple's current iPhone models are certainly no slouches when it comes to hardware quality and engineering. In fact, I'd argue that the iPhone 7 Plus is probably the best smartphone in the world, all things considered. But I don't think that quality internal features and engineering are enough to really stand out in China's smartphone market. For example, while Apple has largely stuck to the same basic shape for its iPhone models for three years, local China-based smartphone vendors have been endowing their flagship devices with visually and aesthetically obvious features such as curved OLED displays,  smartphones with high screen-to-body ratios, and alternative materials, such as ceramic. In addition to putting out smartphones that are, at least at first glance, more visually interesting than the now three-year-old design Apple has continued to field, the smartphones sold by local Chinese brands also seem to have another advantage: price. Apple's competition in this region probably doesn't expect anything close to the gross profit margin Apple expects. That means these vendors can, on paper, tout similar hardware specifications to Apple's iPhone models while offering these devices at lower costs. In addition, while this discussion has centered on premium smartphones, I suspect another part of Apple's problem in China is that mid-range and even low-end smartphones are quickly becoming "good enough" for many users. Since Apple doesn't really participate at those lower price points, to the extent that China smartphone growth is driven by those price points, the lower Apple's market share in the region stands to go. Here's what Apple can do To remedy its issues in China, Apple's best bet is to put out products so compelling that they help Apple grab share within the high-end smartphone market within Greater China and that are so compelling they help to grow the high-end market. What do I mean by that? Well, if a customer looks at an expensive iPhone and a much cheaper mid-range phone and decides that it's not worth shelling out the extra for the iPhone when that mid-range device will do the job well enough and possibly offers a similar look and feel, that's a loss for Apple. But if Apple can build devices that are so unique and feature-rich that a customer simply wants the expensive iPhone even though the mid-range one will perform adequately -- in other words, if it can make what amounts to "luxury" smartphones that might be viewed as status symbols -- then the company could revive its iPhone sales performance in Greater China and even accelerate its iPhone results in the rest of the world.   EXCLUSIVE FREE REPORT: 25 Big Tech Predictions by BI Intelligence. Get the Report Now » Read the original article on The Motley Fool. Copyright 2017. Follow The Motley Fool on Twitter. More from The Motley Fool: SEE ALSO: 3 charts show the crazy gains of cryptocurrencies NOW WATCH: 15 things you didn't know your iPhone headphones could do Loading video... More: Apple iPhone China The Motley Fool facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Here's why Apple's iPhone sales are struggling in China Here's why Apple's iPhone sales are struggling in China As I dug into Apple's most recent... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Markets Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 China's WeChat is unleashing a swarm of 'mini-apps' to eat into Apple's biggest online business Reuters May 18, 2017, 8:40 PM 2,295 facebook linkedin twitter email print VCG/VCG via Getty Images In a cluster of refurbished Mao-era industrial buildings in Guangzhou, developers at China's top messaging app, WeChat, are redesigning key parts of its product to spread its tentacles to just about every aspect of Chinese life. Around 1,500 developers, mainly twentysomething males, have been tasked with increasing user engagement through new 'mini-programs' on WeChat that look and operate much like apps on Apple Inc's iOS and Google's Android operating systems - but are far less data-intensive. WeChat, owned by Tencent Holdings, says it's not a direct challenge to the dominant mobile platforms, but some analysts and developers say the new business could eat into that of iOS and Android app ecosystems. "In the long-term, the relationship between Tencent and Apple's ecosystems will be co-existence and 'co-opetition' - intense competition in some areas and time periods, coupled with some form of cooperation in others," said Su Ning, professor of Information Systems at Ivey Business School in Canada. With more than 938 million users, WeChat, known as Weixin in China, already serves as a one-stop-shop for everything from reading news and booking taxis to ordering takeaways and making payments. Half the users spend more than 90 minutes a day on its chat app, according to WeChat. WeChat's push on these nimble mini-apps comes as Google this week launched its own Android Instant Apps, which don't require downloading and are available on certain Android devices, though access to Google products in China is heavily restricted. WeChat says there are about 200,000 third-party developers for the WeChat platform. "A very strong trend in China is that demand for iOS and Android apps is waning, while that for program developing based on WeChat is rising," said Leon Du, co-founder of Guangzhou-based Beansmile, a digital consultancy that develops apps and websites. Helped by WeChat-based advertising and payment-related services, Tencent this week reported its highest profit growth in three years for the first quarter. While Tencent doesn't release data on the number of mini-programs available, Dong Xu, a manager at market data firm Analysys, says her interviews with businesses suggest the adoption rate has so far been modest. "Mini-programs are mainly used for low-frequency, offline scenarios, such as fee payments, parking, and customer inquiries," Dong said. "Users' in-depth needs such as entertainment and e-commerce still take place with apps." Third-party developers say the mini-programs, built in WeChat's proprietary programming language, are less data-heavy and easier to develop than their iOS or Android counterparts. Users, for example, can tap a program on a restaurant's official WeChat account to order food, have it delivered to their table and pay for it, all in one app. WeChat also last month quietly established a new department dedicated to online searching, and this week rolled out a beta search-engine box with enhanced power, revealing its ambition to take on rival Baidu Inc.  Pay wars Thomson Reuters Central to its plans for an expansive and dynamic app ecosystem is the development of WeChat's own payment infrastructure. Around 300 developers work for WeChat Pay, which competes with Alipay, run by Alibaba affiliate Ant Financial, and to a lesser extent, Apple Pay, which launched in China last year. TenPay, which runs WeChat Pay and Tencent's smaller QQ Wallet, is China's most popular mobile payment provider by users, with 838 million users dwarfing Alipay's 432 million, according to Analysys. At a post-earnings conference call on Wednesday, Tencent President Martin Lau flagged WeChat Pay's goal to permeate all aspects of consumer life in China. For Apple, which wants to deepen its reach in China, the world's biggest mobile spender, WeChat's large and loyal fan base and its payment service present a challenge. China overtook the United States as the biggest contributor to Apple's iOS app store revenue last year, according to mobile data analytics firm App Annie. However, Apple's Greater China revenue dropped 14 percent in the first three months of the year, as cheaper rivals chipped away at sales. Apple declined to comment for this article. Last month, some Chinese WeChat fans threatened to ditch Apple products after the U.S. firm forced the chat app to abolish a popular tipping function. While building user loyalty is a core part of both Apple's and WeChat's strategies, Zhang Ying, general manager of WeChat Pay, has downplayed product tensions from the tipping spat. "Apple is still supportive of the ecosystem. We are part of the ecosystem," he told a forum in Hong Kong last month. "It is far from a 'choose-one-or-another' - it's merely some disagreement." Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: SEE ALSO: Here's everything Google announced at its big I/O conference NOW WATCH: 15 things you didn't know your iPhone headphones could do Loading video... More: WeChat Tencent Apple iOS Android China facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru China's WeChat is unleashing a swarm of 'mini-apps' to eat into Apple's biggest online business China's WeChat is unleashing a swarm of 'mini-apps' to eat into Apple's biggest online business In a cluster of refurbished Mao-era industrial... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Jobs Cars Homes Directory Announcements Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out Search Search The Bridlington Free Press Search More Close ] News Transport Crime Education Business Politics Environment Health Your Say Offbeat Celebs Regional National News Transport Crime Education Business Politics Environment Health Your Say Offbeat Celebs Regional National Sport Football Rugby Union More Sport National Sport What's On Music Theatre & Comedy Arts & Screen Reader Pictures Lifestyle Cars Price of Apple apps set to rise by 25% 12:02 Wednesday 18 January 2017 3 Have your say First Marmite, then Jamie’s Italian and now Apple users are set to feel the financial consequence of Brexit as apps are set to rise by 25 per cent. The upcoming changes to the App Store will see the prices of apps and in-app purchases rise as a result of a weakened pound. According to Apple news site, 9to5Mac, a tier 2 priced app which would have cost £1.49 will now cost £1.99. It’s bad news for gamers who want to unlock the full version of Super Mario Run too as users will now have to pay £9.99, up £2.00 on the previous £7.99 cost. It’s not just Brits being hit by higher prices though, Apple users in India and Turkey will also be affected because of changes to exchange rates and taxation policy. The value of the pound fell dramatically after the Leave vote in June and Apple has since raised the prices of iPhones, iPads, Macs, MacBooks and now apps are the next piece of technology to be hit by Brexit. Apple aren’t the only tech giants to be upping prices post-Brexit vote. Tesla are reportedly set to increase prices in the UK by 5 per cent this year and Microsoft are allegedly set to raise prices by 22 per cent because the weak currency. A spokesperson for Apple said, “Price tiers on the App Store are set internationally on the basis of several factors, including currency exchange rates, business practices, taxes, and the cost of doing business. These factors vary from region to region and over time.” Apple added that the changes will come into effect over the next few days. Trending What are they doing in Manor Street? Daughter claims she was hit with a hammer 34 times Dramatic late-night rescue in Bridlington Property: St John’s Avenue, Bridlington, £210,000 Get your hands on free compost Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with Bridlington Free Press means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to Bridlington Free Press You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to Bridlington Free Press Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Follow Us On Explore News Sport Lifestyle What's On More from the Bridlington Free Press Announcements Buy a Photo Directory Dating Jobs Local Guide Cars Property Public Notices Useful Links Contact us Advertise My Business Place your ads Subscribe © 2017 Johnston Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums CNET Magazine Latest Stories Subscribe Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Is it too late for Apple's Siri to catch up with Google and Amazon? (Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast, Ep. 85) Google's Assistant made a huge jump at I/O, and Apple will need to dig deep to show us how it can leverage the power of the ecosystem. Apple Smart bands are coming, and Jeff Goldblum could have been the voice of Apple. Tech Culture by Brian Tong May 18, 2017 5:05 PM PDT @briantong by Stephen Beacham May 18, 2017 5:05 PM PDT @stephenbeacham Subscribe to the Apple Byte Podcast iTunes MP3 | RSS MP3 | FeedBurner MP3 Stitcher | Google Play | TuneIn iTunes video | RSS video | FeedBurner video YouTube | Livestream | Periscope Extra Crunchy Podcast, Ep. 85 Your browser does not support the audio element. Is it too late for Apple's Siri to catch up with Google and Amazon? (AB Extra Crunchy, Ep. 85) Google's Assistant made a huge jump at I/O, and Apple will need to dig deep to show us how it can leverage the power of the ecosystem. Apple Smart bands are coming, and Jeff Goldblum could have been the voice of Apple. by Brian Tong 43:57 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF THE APPLE BYTE EXTRA CRUNCHY SHOW NOTES: NEW MACBOOKS: Apple Plans Laptop Upgrades to Take on Microsoft Apple to Announce New MacBook, MacBook Pro, and Possibly MacBook Air at WWDC BYE BYE iPAD MINI: Apple to discontinue iPad mini as device gets squeezed from both ends Apple Rumored to Discontinue iPad Mini iPHONE 8 NEWS: iPhone Scores 92% Loyalty Rate in Recent Survey Ahead of iPhone 8 APPLE WATCH NEWS: Exclusive: Upcoming Apple Watch to include game-changing health features Future Apple Watch Rumored to Include Glucose Monitoring and Smart Bands APPLE CAMPUS AND APPLE STORE NEWS: Apple's New Campus: An Exclusive Look Inside the Mothership Behind-The-Scenes Look Into Apple Park Shares Up Close Photos, Sketches, and History of New Campus Apple kicks off new in-store sessions with concerts, classes Jeff Goldblum could have been the voice of Apple SOCIAL NETWORKING: Tweet at Brian Tong on Twitter Tweet to Stephen Beacham on Twitter With contribution from Stephen Beacham. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Apple Apple Byte Tech Culture Gadgets More stories From garbage to gallery: How artists mine your junk Life, a Quarter Pounder at a time: Girt by CNET podcast 110 Facebook delivers another blow to clickbait YouTube Super Chat lets you pay to spark livestream antics Close   Discuss: Is it too late for Apple's Siri to catch... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Forget rainbow vomit. Google Lens is AR you can actually use CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Sharing HomeKit Access | iLounge Tips iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Apple bans ‘tips’ in popular… Google launches The Google Assistant, announces… Qualcomm sues Apple suppliers over withholding… Apple begins production of iPhone SE in India Apple launches new site for Today at Apple… Apple Pay goes live in Italy REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product iWalk Watchman Backup Battery for Apple Watch,… Periodic Audio Mg, Ti, & Be In-Ear Monitors Hidrate Spark 2.0 Smart Water Bottle 808 Audio Canz GLO and Canz H2O Bluetooth… Adaptive Sound Technologies LectroFan micro… FABRIQ AirPlay and Bluetooth Alexa-Enabled… FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Native Union Cosmos Edition Lightning Cables Twelve South RelaxedLeather for iPhone 7… Just Mobile Xtand Vent Twelve South Journal for iPhone 7 and iPhone… DODOcase Leather Card Case for iPhone 7 and… Twelve South BookBook for iPhone 7 and iPhone… MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Aspyr Media Mafia III Satechi Type-C Pro Hub for MacBook Pro Bloop Airmail 3.2.5 Blizzard Entertainment StarCraft Overmacs PhotoSweeper 3.0 Logitech MK850 Performance Wireless Keyboard… HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Sharing HomeKit Access Correcting your iPhone’s Pronunciation Opening a Playlist in a separate window in… Extracting a still image from a video using… Converting your child’s Apple ID into… Taking screenshots on your Apple Watch DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: XXL Shower Speaker Daily Deal: SainSmart UNO for Arduino Daily Deal: Disconnect Lifetime Premium Subscription Daily Deal: Aerix Black Talon 2.0 Micro FPV… Daily Deal: FreeStereo Twins Wireless Bluetooth… Daily Deal: Zoolz Dual Cloud 1TB Storage,… GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News Tip of the Day Sharing HomeKit Access By Jesse Hollington @jhollington ● 10 hours ago Once you’ve started to deploy more than a couple of HomeKit accessories in your home, you’ll likely reach a point where you’ll want to ensure that your other family members can also access and control them. Fortunately, Apple has considered this in the design of HomeKit, and in fact has even improved these features with iOS 10 and tvOS 10. To add a user to your HomeKit home from your iPhone, simply open up the “Home” app and tap the arrow in the top-left corner. On this screen you’ll see the name of your home, a listing of any of your Home Hubs, and an “Invite…” button. Tapping this allows you to invite anybody with an Apple ID to share control of your home, and if you’re using iCloud Family Sharing, the app will even helpfully offer up your list of family members to get you started. Note that if you’re managing more than one Home, each one gets its own sharing list, so you can let the whole family control the lights in your main home, while perhaps only allowing your spouse or partner access to the cottage. You can add additional users to share access to your HomeKit configuration even if you don’t have a Home Hub, however you’ll get the most out of the feature if you’re using a fourth-generation Apple TV or have an iPad running iOS 10 set up to act as a Home Hub. Without any kind of Home Hub, additional users will naturally only be able to control HomeKit accessories when they’re on the same Wi-Fi network, and while a third-generation Apple TV will provide basic remote control capabilities, you’ll need a fourth-gen Apple TV with tvOS 10 or an iPad set up as a Home Hub to take advantage of more granular permissions, such as granting access for family members to edit HomeKit devices, or disabling remote access. Note that you can also still invite users even if they’re not running iOS 10; users on earlier iOS versions won’t be able to use the Apple Home app, of course, but they can install and use any one of the various third-party HomeKit apps, or simply control HomeKit accessories using Siri commands without the need to install anything else at all, provided of course their device supports Siri in the first place. Comments Correcting your iPhone’s Pronunciation » Recent Tips Correcting your iPhone’s Pronunciation Converting your child’s Apple ID into a Children’s Account Avoiding lens switching when shooting video on the iPhone 7 Plus Plugging your iPhone in silently Filtering Explicit Language in Siri Quickly marking your current location in Apple Maps Finding Flagged or Unread Messages in all Mailboxes Using 3D Touch to view notifications in folders Checking HomeKit accessory battery levels with Siri Renaming Albums in the iOS 10 Photos app Adjusting 3D Touch Sensitivity Changing iPhone volume using Siri Using your iPhone as a Game Controller for your Apple TV Using your iPad as a Home Hub for HomeKit Showing a Smart Folder in the iOS 10 Mail Widget Filtering your Message List in the iOS 10 Mail app Managing iMessage Apps in iOS 10 Customizing the Library View in the iOS 10 Music app Checking Activation Lock Status before purchasing an iOS Device Sorting Playlists, Songs, and Albums in the Music app Enabling Star Ratings in the iOS 10.2 Music app Controlling your Home from the Apple TV Disabling App Notifications in CarPlay Using Double Tap to Control Play/Pause on AirPods Keeping the Christmas Tree Lights On with HomeKit Preserving Camera settings in iOS 10.2 Choosing iPhone Flashlight Brightness Tracking Your Sleep in iOS 10 Showing Holiday Memories in iOS 10 Photos Using your iPhone as a Magnifying Glass See all Tips. » iLounge Weekly Recent News Apple bans ‘tips’ in popular Chinese social media apps, equates them to in-app purchases Google launches The Google Assistant, announces Google Photos improvements Qualcomm sues Apple suppliers over withholding royalties Apple begins production of iPhone SE in India Apple launches new site for Today at Apple educational programs Apple Pay goes live in Italy Apple releases betas for iOS 10.3.3, tvOS 10.2.2, watchOS 3.2.3 Report: Apple to discontinue iPad mini Apple looking for someone to head up video programming strategy Apple patents construction method for cylindrical device that could be Siri speaker Recent Reviews iWalk Watchman Backup Battery for Apple Watch, iPhone, and iPad Periodic Audio Mg, Ti, & Be In-Ear Monitors Hidrate Spark 2.0 Smart Water Bottle 808 Audio Canz GLO and Canz H2O Bluetooth Speakers Adaptive Sound Technologies LectroFan micro Wireless Speaker and Sleep Sound Generator FABRIQ AirPlay and Bluetooth Alexa-Enabled Speaker Advanced Evo X & M4 Advanced Mezger aptX Bluetooth Receiver iDevices Wall Switch iDevices Wall Outlet Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 22 mins S&P 500 2,365.72 +8.69 (+0.37%) Dow 30 20,663.02 +56.09 (+0.27%) Nasdaq 6,055.13 +43.89 (+0.73%) 4 reasons iPhone users should ditch Apple Photos for Google JP Mangalindan Yahoo Finance May 18, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos At the annual Google I/O conference this week in Mountain View, Calif., Google announced that 500 million people now use Google Photos regularly.More If there were ever a time to switch from Apple Photos to Google Photos on your iPhone, it’s next week. At its annual Google I/O conference on Wednesday, Google (GOOG, GOOGL) announced a slew of helpful updates rolling out over the next few days that will make the already superior Google Photos app even better, particularly for iPhone users who snap and manage a ton of pics on their devices. (And let’s face it, there are a lot of us.) Here are just a few reasons why iPhone users should seriously consider shelving Apple Photos and giving Google Photos a shot: Unlimited storage Storage capacity is a real issue for Apple Photos if you want to back up your pics to the cloud. Apple’s iCloud gives users the first 5 gigabytes of monthly cloud storage for free, but wants them to pony up $.99 for 50 gigabytes, $2.99 for 200 gigabytes, and $9.99 for a whopping 1 terabyte. Not so with Google Photos, which offers unlimited storage. Sure, you have to be fine with your images being saved at a maximum of 16 megapixels. But unless you’re someone like famed photographer Annie Leibovitz, you probably don’t care or won’t notice the difference. The camera on my iPhone 6S Plus, for instance, is of the 12 megapixel variety, so this is a non-issue for me, as well as the millions of other likeminded iPhone owners out there.   Smarter Artificial Intelligence At Google I/O, Google said it was no longer a “mobile-first” company but an “AI-first” company. That may sound like eye-rolling marketing speak, but it’s true when it comes to Google Photos, at least. While Apple Photos and Google Photos both use AI to power face detection, Google Photos is simply more accurate. Case in point, while Google Photos identifies my face in all my photos, as well, me, Apple Photos grouped photos with my face into three distinctly different people. (See below.) View photos For some reason, Apple Photos has grouped photos with my face into three distinctly different groups.More Google Lens Think of Google Lens, a new feature, as image recognition on steroids. It uses AI to understand what’s happening in a photo and then serves up related actions to take based on that. For example, Google Lens could identify the restaurant in a photo and display some information about it pulled from online reviews and operating hours. It may also serve up options like loading up Google search results, Google Maps directions, and calling up the place. Apple Photos, at the moment, doesn’t do any of that. This is probably only the start of what is, essentially, a more intelligent Google Photos. During Wednesday’s conference keynote, Google demonstrated it’s already possible to remove large unwanted obstructions in a photo like a fence. And while Google hasn’t said such a feature is coming down the pike, it seems like only a matter of time that users will have the ability to remove items from their images with a simple finger tap. Suggested Sharing Google doesn’t think you share photos enough. To wit, another new feature, Suggested Sharing, helps automate the process of sharing photos by examining who you already share photos with, and then offers recommendations based on that. Suggested Sharing can also detect the people in your photos and then suggest sharing those photos with them either inside the app or with a text or web link. Read More Those features, taken all together, make for a better experience with Google Photos — something I never thought I’d say as a longtime Apple (AAPL) iPhone user. Because who wouldn’t want an easier, smarter, more helpful way to edit and manage all those selfies? — JP Mangalindan is a senior correspondent for Yahoo Finance covering the intersection of tech and business. Follow him on Twitter or Facebook.   More from JP: Nvidia exec explains how artificial intelligence will change your life  Here’s how much Nvidia will make off the Nintendo Switch Apple might buy a big company but not the ones you think  Microsoft exec: Why I’m not worried about robots taking people’s jobs LEAKED PHOTOS: Fitbit’s new headphones and troubled smartwatch Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Apple’s iPhone 8 will basically bring back the headphone jack BGR News Apple Watch 3: News and rumors Digital Trends Hundreds of backward compatible Xbox 360 games are on sale right now BGR News This little-known start-up is disrupting Facebook, Google and Amazon CNBC.com Qualcomm shows off wireless charging for electric vehicles Reuters Former CIA Director John Brennan sticks up for Trump Yahoo Finance Fox Sports' Kristine Leahy says networks should stop putting LaVar Ball on air 'just to get controversial statements' Business Insider Chinese fighter jets reportedly fly upside down, right above a US Air Force plane Business Insider New Model 3 spy shot shows off an elegant wood trim on the interior BGR News Here are the top trending topics day 2 of SALT Yahoo Finance Video Jim Chanos is shorting 2 drug stocks with a 'murky alliance' Yahoo Finance The Yale dean whose brutal Yelp reviews called service people 'morons' and restaurant patrons 'white trash' has been placed on leave Business Insider Bill Ackman has a plan to save Trump's presidency Yahoo Finance The one bank that was criminally prosecuted for the financial crisis — and what its trial says about justice in the U.S. Yahoo Finance Everything you need to know about ‘Destiny 2’ BGR News The Pogue Review: Amazon's Alexa calling Yahoo Finance Video Chaffetz will resign, raising doubts about Trump probe Mark: The rats are abandoning the ship. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2k
Login All Reviews Editorials News Privacy: Twitter Giveth and Taketh Away Jimmy Iovine Says Free Streaming Music is Bad Business Gmail Smart Reply Comes to iOS Tips iOS: 3D Touch Folders to View Notifications watchOS: Combine Theater Mode With Wake Screen Podcasts Chat Tipping in China, Thoughts on Apple Park - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-18 New Macs at WWDC, Apple vs Diabetes, Lattice Data - ACM 411 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Apple Should Think Differently about Social Media Tipping The Cloud Is a Lie Apple's Latest Videos Prove Its Technology Is Designed for Everyone Two Easy Tips for Being More Productive on Your Mac Here’s How Siri Could Become Your AI Cyber Nanny View All Editorials → Chat Tipping in China, Thoughts on Apple Park – TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-18 Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin May 18th, 2017 2:59 PM EDT | The Mac Observer's Daily Observations Podcast Apple has reportedly blocked in-app tipping in Chinese chat apps, and Jeff Butts and John Martellaro join guest-host Bryan Chaffin to talk about it. They also talk about John Martellaro’s thesis that Apple Park celebrates the employee. MP3 Feed Feedback Chat Tipping in China, Thoughts on Apple Park - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-18 2:59 PM May. 18th, 2017 — Download: MP3 Version (AAC Version Coming Soon) Apple has reportedly blocked in-app tipping in Chinese chat apps, and Jeff Butts and John Martellaro join guest-host Bryan Chaffin to talk about it. They also... Apple Takes Risk By Telling Chinese Chat Apps to Disable ‘Tip’ Functions – MacRumors Thoughts On The Apple Mothership: Celebration of the Employee Inside Apple’s Insanely Great (or Just Insane) New Mothership – Wired TMO Daily Observations Twitter feed Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, Apple Park, Weibo Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Apple Should Think Differently about Social Media Tipping Bryan Chaffin | May 18, 2017 As Siri Gets Smarter, How Will We Learn to Trust It? John Martellaro | May 18, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $152.54 +2.29 (1.52%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store 17308 Bryan Chaffin tmo-daily-observations 0 1495119542 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News Privacy: Twitter Giveth and Taketh Away Jimmy Iovine Says Free Streaming Music is Bad Business Gmail Smart Reply Comes to iOS Tips iOS: 3D Touch Folders to View Notifications watchOS: Combine Theater Mode With Wake Screen Podcasts Chat Tipping in China, Thoughts on Apple Park - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-18 New Macs at WWDC, Apple vs Diabetes, Lattice Data - ACM 411 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Apple Should Think Differently about Social Media Tipping The Cloud Is a Lie Apple's Latest Videos Prove Its Technology Is Designed for Everyone Two Easy Tips for Being More Productive on Your Mac Here’s How Siri Could Become Your AI Cyber Nanny View All Editorials → iOS: 3D Touch Folders to View Notifications Andrew Orr @orrandrew91 · +Andrew Orr 1 minute read May 18th, 2017 3:26 PM EDT | Quick Tip Google’s annual I/O conference was yesterday, and the company introduced a slew of features that should make Apple work harder. Competition is healthy after all, and I can’t wait to see how Apple will compete at WWDC 2017. While reading the news, a new feature coming to Android stuck out at me. In Android O, apps that have pending notifications will have three dots at the top of the icon. You can tap on these dots to quickly act on the notification. iOS has a similar feature. You probably know that you can 3D Touch app icons, but did you know you can 3D Touch folders? Here is Apple’s notification trick. Screens Versus Folders There are two camps that Apple customers fall into: those who organize with folders, and those who organize with multiple home screens. I fall into the former camp. I live for organization and alphabetically sort my apps onto one home screen. But this means that I have a bunch of folders. This tip is particularly helpful for those in the Folder Camp. 3D Touch folders in iOS. When an app is in a folder and has a pending notification with a red badge, you can 3D Touch folders to see which app it is. It doesn’t show quick info about the notification, but you can tap on it and immediately go into that particular app. This should save you from opening a folder and swiping to the app, especially in a folder with multiple pages of apps. And if you don’t have an app with a notification, you can 3D Touch a folder to quickly rename it. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: 3D Touch, iOS, notifications, productivity You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too MP3 Wasn't Killed, it was Set Free The Cloud Is a Lie - Page 2 of 3 Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Apple Should Think Differently about Social Media Tipping Bryan Chaffin | May 18, 2017 As Siri Gets Smarter, How Will We Learn to Trust It? John Martellaro | May 18, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $152.54 +2.29 (1.52%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Privacy: Twitter Giveth and Taketh Away Jimmy Iovine Says Free Streaming Music is Bad Business Gmail Smart Reply Comes to iOS Two Easy Tips for Being More Productive on Your Mac Sal Soghoian Launches CMD-D: Masters of Automation Conference Recent Tips See All » iOS: 3D Touch Folders to View Notifications watchOS: Combine Theater Mode With Wake Screen macOS: Getting Rid of the Windows EFI Boot Entry iCloud Drive: How to See the Status of Uploads macOS: Great Wallpaper is Hidden in Your Mac's Screensaver Collection Recent Editorials See All » Apple Should Think Differently about Social Media Tipping As Siri Gets Smarter, How Will We Learn to Trust It? Amazon Charts for Kindle List Which Books People Are Actually Reading The Cloud Is a Lie Thoughts On The Apple Mothership: Celebration of the Employee 17311 Andrew Orr quick-tip 0 1495121178 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 Portfolio Perspective Iconic Tour College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Apple CEO Tim Cook test-drove a device that tracks his blood sugar, hinting at Apple's interest in the space Tim Cook has been test-driving a glucose monitor to understand how his blood sugar responds to factors like food and exercise CNBC reported last month that Apple has a team dedicated to the "holy grail" in diabetes: Non-invasive and continuous glucose monitoring Cook iterated in a discussion with university students in February that Apple is "really excited" about its potential in health care Christina Farr | @chrissyfarr 11 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Getty Images Apple CEO Tim Cook displays his personal Apple Watch to customers at an Apple Store on April 10, 2015 in Palo Alto, California. Tim Cook has been spotted at the Apple campus test-driving a device that tracks blood sugar, which was connected to his Apple Watch. A source said that Cook was wearing a prototype glucose-tracker on the Apple Watch, which points to future applications that would make the device a "must have" for millions of people with diabetes -- or at risk for the disease. As CNBC reported last month, Apple has a team in Palo Alto working on the "holy grail" for diabetes: Non-invasive and continuous glucose monitoring. The current glucose trackers on the market rely on tiny sensors penetrating the skin. Sources said the company is already conducting feasibility trials in the Bay Area. Tim Cook also talked about the device to a roomful of students in February at the University of Glasgow, where he received an honorary degree. He didn't say if it was a medical device from a company like Medtronic or Dexcom, or an Apple prototype. "I've been wearing a continuous glucose monitor for a few weeks," he said. "I just took it off before coming on this trip." show chapters Trader bets on another bounce for Apple    11 Hours Ago | 03:12 Cook explained that he was able to understand how his blood sugar responded to foods he was eating. He made modifications to keep his blood sugar more constant. In Silicon Valley, a huge health trend is low-carb, high fat diets. Increasingly, venture capitalists and executives are finding that if they cut down their sugar consumption, they see dramatic results including increased productivity and weight loss. Cook has a lot of interest in personal health. For instance, he's also an active gym-goer, and recently told CNBC's Jim Cramer that he has lost 30 pounds. At the University of Glasgow, he reiterated Apple's commitment to the health space and spoke about the struggles faced by people with diabetes. "It's mentally anguishing to stick yourself many times a day to check your blood sugar," he said. "There is lots of hope out there that if someone has constant knowledge of what they're eating, they can instantly know what causes the response... and that they can adjust well before they become diabetic." Cook also described the impediments in the U.S. to making high-quality and intuitive health products, namely the priority for medical device makers to get reimbursement from insurance companies. "This is an area where I'm very excited about Apple's contribution," he said. "Very excited." show chapters Jim Cramer talks with Tim Cook: The full interview    Wednesday, 3 May 2017 | 7:36 PM ET | 24:04 Christina FarrReporter for CNBC.com To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Login All Reviews Editorials News Privacy: Twitter Giveth and Taketh Away Jimmy Iovine Says Free Streaming Music is Bad Business Gmail Smart Reply Comes to iOS Tips iOS: 3D Touch Folders to View Notifications watchOS: Combine Theater Mode With Wake Screen Podcasts Chat Tipping in China, Thoughts on Apple Park - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-18 New Macs at WWDC, Apple vs Diabetes, Lattice Data - ACM 411 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Apple Should Think Differently about Social Media Tipping The Cloud Is a Lie Apple's Latest Videos Prove Its Technology Is Designed for Everyone Two Easy Tips for Being More Productive on Your Mac Here’s How Siri Could Become Your AI Cyber Nanny View All Editorials → Apple Should Think Differently about Social Media Tipping Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin 2 minute read May 18th, 2017 6:56 PM EDT | Editorial Apple has reportedly taken a stance on social media tipping in China that says the company should get 30% of those tips. This is a huge mistake, in my opinion, and Apple should think differently. WeChat App on iPhone Social Media Tipping The Wall Street Journal reported that Apple demanded Chinese social media companies to disable their popular tipping features. Social media tipping is not unique to China—it’s popular on Reddit, for instance, and in the U.S. ChangeTip has been making a go of it. It’s already a bid deal in China, thought. The idea is that I could send you a tip for an insightful post, a clever meme, a great article, or just because you’re the bee’s knees. If one is using cryptocurrency like Bitcoin or Dogecoin, one can tip as little as fractions of a penny. But tipping in fiat currency like the Chinese Yuan or U.S. dollar is possible, too. As noted above, tipping has taken off, and social media giants like WeChat and many others enable tipping through their platforms. And most of them do it for free, allowing users to send money from one digital wallet to another. It’s free because they’re looking to increase engagement with both the wallets and the broader platforms. Tipping is Not an In-App Purchase According to The Journal, Apple’s stance is that money being exchanged via tipping should be subject to the same rules as in-app purchases. In other words, Apple wants 30% each tip, if The Journal‘s sources have it right. “We don’t charge anything as the platform, but Apple gets 30% for doing nothing,” an unnamed social media executive in China told the newspaper. Cutting off the Tip of Your Nose to Spite Your Corporate Face To be fair, it’s also possible Apple is concerned about being held accountable for transactions by Chinese regulatory authorities. Alternately, Apple could be worried about customers holding the company accountable for fraud, or any other number of problems. The Journal‘s angle, though, is that Apple sees these tips as a way of boosting Chinese revenues when growth of iPhones slowed. I hope that’s not the case. The idea of Apple claiming 30% when I tip an author—or you—is grossly offensive. It’s also short sighted. Social media tipping is only going to get bigger, and if Apple shuts itself out of that market, it will lose users, especially in China. There’s no room for Apple to take a cut of people sending money to each other. In my opinion, Apple should take a page from the Chinese companies who see facilitating such transactions as a way of gaining users. Apple’s entire business model has been built on building the ecosystem to sell hardware. Nickel and diming little people to boost profits stands in stark contrast to what has worked so well for Apple. One More Thing Lastly, Apple’s could be preparing the way for its own tipping service other platforms could embed in their apps. As long as Apple isn’t taking a cut, that could be a good thing. Time will tell. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, China, Social Media, Tipping, WeChat You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too MP3 Wasn't Killed, it was Set Free The Cloud Is a Lie - Page 2 of 3 2 Comments Add a comment John Kheit May 19, 2017 Great article. Totally agree except for one thing. Apple is certainly doing something. Apple itself gets charged some amount of money for charging a credit card and moving money from A to B. That’s not apple’s fault, it’s what payment networks charge. I think I found or just passed this cost along, say, $1 or whatever that cost is, no one would complain. 30% is gushing at best, tone deaf for sure, and a PR gaff that will cause it more pain in China. May 19, 2017 at 12:14 EDT AM Bryan Chaffin May 19, 2017 Thanks, John. My understanding, though, is that these transactions are outside of Apple’s system. I didn’t note this in the piece, but that in and of itself could be the real problem. May 19, 2017 at 1:40 EDT AM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Apple Should Think Differently about Social Media Tipping Bryan Chaffin | May 18, 2017 As Siri Gets Smarter, How Will We Learn to Trust It? John Martellaro | May 18, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $152.54 +2.29 (1.52%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Privacy: Twitter Giveth and Taketh Away Jimmy Iovine Says Free Streaming Music is Bad Business Gmail Smart Reply Comes to iOS Two Easy Tips for Being More Productive on Your Mac Sal Soghoian Launches CMD-D: Masters of Automation Conference Recent Tips See All » iOS: 3D Touch Folders to View Notifications watchOS: Combine Theater Mode With Wake Screen macOS: Getting Rid of the Windows EFI Boot Entry iCloud Drive: How to See the Status of Uploads macOS: Great Wallpaper is Hidden in Your Mac's Screensaver Collection Recent Editorials See All » Apple Should Think Differently about Social Media Tipping As Siri Gets Smarter, How Will We Learn to Trust It? Amazon Charts for Kindle List Which Books People Are Actually Reading The Cloud Is a Lie Thoughts On The Apple Mothership: Celebration of the Employee 17345 Bryan Chaffin columns-opinions 2 1495133786 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple’s CEO Reportedly Personally Testing A Glucose Tracking Device By Tyler Lee on 05/18/2017 16:45 PDT According to a report from last month, it suggested that Apple had a “secret” team that was working on a glucose monitoring sensor that could find its way into the Apple Watch. Now according to a report from CNBC, it seems that Apple’s CEO Tim Cook could already be personally testing it out himself. The report claims that Cook has been spotted on the Apple campus where he is testing out a glucose monitoring device that tracks blood sugar levels that is also connected to his Apple Watch. Based on this, it sounds like the team has yet to figure out a way to get it inside the Apple Watch as it seems like at the moment it still exists as a separate device. CNBC also points at more evidence that such a device could be in the works at Apple, because when Cook spoke to a roomful of students at the University of Glasgow in February, he was reportedly quoted as saying, “I’ve been wearing a continuous glucose monitor for a few weeks. I just took it off before coming on this trip.” We have heard rumors that the glucose sensor could find its way into the next-gen Apple Watch which should be officially announced in the second half of 2017, but until we hear it from Apple or see it ourselves, take it with a grain of salt. Filed in Apple >Gadgets >Medical >Rumors. Read more about Apple Watch, Health, Smartwatch and Wearable Tech. Related Articles 2017-05-16 Verizon Cancels The LG Watch Sport 2017-05-16 Google To Launch Dedicated VR Headset At I/O 2017 2017-05-15 Next-Gen Apple Watch Could Feature Glucose Monitoring 2017-05-15 Asus May Be Giving Up On Android Wear 2017-05-11 Researchers Find That The Apple Watch Can Detect Heart Disease 2017-04-12 Apple Has A ‘Secret Team’ Working On A Glucose Sensor For Apple Watch 2017-01-05 BACtrack Skyn Lets Your Apple Watch Detect How Drunk You Are 2016-12-15 Doctors Looking To Crowdfund Apple Watch App That Detects Falls Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles Pornhub Gives Its Visitors A Heart Attack With Its April Fool’s Prank Apple Patent Hints At The Return Of The MagSafe Connector User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Friday, 19 May 2017 | MYT 6:00 AM Is Apple going to ditch the iPad mini? The iPad 2017 range currently consists of three types of device: the iPad mini, the iPad classic and the iPad Pro. — AFP Relaxnews Has the fashion for phablets killed off small tablets? Apple is preparing to drop the iPad mini from its range of tablets, according to a report from BGR citing a source close to Apple. The announcement could be made at Apple's WWDC (Worldwide Developers Conference) which will be held on June 5 to 9 in the US city of San José.  Launched in 2012, but with no updates since 2015, the iPad mini 7.9in tablet was used by Apple to compete with Google's Nexus 7 and Amazon's Kindle Fire in the small tablet market which was booming at that time. Five years later, the market has changed. The main reason for dropping the iPad mini is thought to be the significant drop in sales. Many users now prefer a smartphone with a big screen (an iPhone 6s Plus or an iPhone 7 Plus) rather than a small tablet. Also, buyers could be dissuaded by the fact that prices for the latest version of device start at US$399 (RM1,725) for the WiFi version with 128GB of storage. That's only slightly cheaper than the new 9.7in iPad, for which prices start at US$429 (RM1,855) for the same configuration (and only US$329/RM1,425 for the 32GB version). Even though tablet sales have been declining worldwide since 2015, Apple CEO Tim Cook is still very optimistic about the iPad, which he plans to keep positioned at the top end of the market as a PC alternative. It's rumoured that a new 10.5in iPad Pro (putting it between the 9.7in and 12.9in models) could be unveiled at the WWDC. Apple's WWDC brings together developers and creatives from all over the world. Over a thousand Apple engineers will be at this year's event to meet and engage with developers. WWDC, June 5-9, 2017, San José, website: developer.apple.com/wwdc. — AFP Relaxnews     Related Stories You May Be Interested Uber renews push for arbitration in Waymo trade-secrets case Hackers steal 17 million users’ data from Indian restaurant app Zomato The evolution of mobile phones Coway promotes a healthy lifestyle When the CEO is your mentor 10 after work habits for personal success Others Also Read Mums treated to hearty buffet brunch on special day DPM: There's no excuse for cops to flout the law Check out Sungai Buloh's Valley of Hope advertisement Latest News UK’s May opens door to Facebook tax in push for safer web Google wants all online ads to run on its speedy mobile formats Microsoft to open Africa datacentres to seek edge in cloud push Uber renews push for arbitration in Waymo trade-secrets case Security experts find clues to ransomware worm’s lingering risks Most Viewed in Tech WannaCry ransomware: should users pay the ransom money? Google’s digital Assistant is hobbled on Apple’s iPhone Security experts find clues to ransomware worm’s lingering risks With new mini-apps, WeChat seeks even more China clicks Uber renews push for arbitration in Waymo trade-secrets case Google wants all online ads to run on its speedy mobile formats They predicted the ‘WannaCry’ ransomware cyberattack, so how come few listened? Facebook wins dismissal of US lawsuits linked to terrorism Driverless trucks to help run Singapore chemical company China issues warning for new ransomware virus Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple previews watchOS 3 San Francisco — Today, Apple previewed watchOS 3, featuring significantly improved performance with the ability to launch favorite apps instantly, enhanced navigation like the new Dock and all-new fitness and health capabilities for Apple Watch. Available this fall, this software update introduces the breakthrough Breathe app, designed to encourage users to take a moment in their day to do deep breathing exercises for relaxation and stress reduction. The Activity app now includes the ability to share, compare and compete as well as enabling wheelchair users to close their Activity rings. “Apple Watch is the ultimate companion for a healthy life and with watchOS 3, there’s now even more to love,” said Jeff Williams, Apple’s chief operating officer. “Favorite apps launch instantly and are simple to access, and the breakthrough new fitness and health features like the Breathe app make it feel like a whole new watch.” CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Dubai Mall opens April 27 Next PostNext Apple previews major update with macOS Sierra Search Recent Posts Apple announces environmental progress in China Celebrating Brooklyn’s first Apple Store Apple Williamsburg opens in Brooklyn on Saturday Apple celebrates one billion iPhones Apple Reports Third Quarter Results Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman “Today at Apple” bringing new experiences to every Apple Store Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Deodorant Market 2017 Indian Trends, Market Share, Industry Size, Growth, Opportunities, and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Apple Dubai Mall opens April 27 Search Recent Posts Apple announces environmental progress in China Celebrating Brooklyn’s first Apple Store Apple Williamsburg opens in Brooklyn on Saturday Apple celebrates one billion iPhones Apple Reports Third Quarter Results Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Dubai Mall opens April 27 Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious “Today at Apple” bringing new experiences to every Apple Store Next PostNext Apple previews watchOS 3 Search Recent Posts Apple announces environmental progress in China Celebrating Brooklyn’s first Apple Store Apple Williamsburg opens in Brooklyn on Saturday Apple celebrates one billion iPhones Apple Reports Third Quarter Results Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple &amp; Donate Life America bring organ donation to iPhone The Health app on iPhone provides a complete view of your health and fitness data all in one place. The app includes Medical ID, which makes critical health information available in case of emergency to first responders and is accessible from the iPhone lock screen. Medical ID can display categories like medical conditions, allergies, medications, blood type and emergency contacts. And with iOS 10, Medical ID offers the ability to register as an organ, eye and tissue donor with Donate Life America. Availability The developer preview of iOS 10 is currently available to iOS Developer Program members at developer.apple.com, and a public beta program will be available to iOS users this month at beta.apple.com. iOS 10 will be available this fall as a free software update. For more information, visit apple.com/ios/ios10-preview. Donate Life America is a 501(c)3 not-for-profit alliance of national organizations and state teams across the United States committed to increasing organ, eye and tissue donation. Donate Life America manages and promotes the national brand for donation, Donate Life, and assists Donate Life State Teams and national partners in facilitating high-performing donor registries including the management of the National Donate Life Registry; developing and executing effective multi-media donor education programs; and motivating the American public to register now as organ, eye and tissue donors. For more information, visit DonateLife.net. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hello from WWDC16 Next PostNext Apple FY 16 Third Quarter Results Conference Call Search Recent Posts Apple announces environmental progress in China Celebrating Brooklyn’s first Apple Store Apple Williamsburg opens in Brooklyn on Saturday Apple celebrates one billion iPhones Apple Reports Third Quarter Results Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple FY 16 Third Quarter Results Conference Call WHAT: Apple FY 16 Third Quarter Results Conference Call WHERE: Via conference call. The dial-in numbers for press are (877) 616-0071 (toll-free) or (816) 581-1577. Please enter confirmation code 576314. WHEN: Tuesday, July 26, 2016, 2:00 p.m. PDT/5:00 p.m. EDT REBROADCAST: The conference call will be available as a continuous rebroadcast beginning Tuesday, July 26 at 5:00 p.m. PDT/8:00 p.m. EDT through Tuesday, August 9 at 5:00 p.m. PDT/8:00 p.m. EDT. The dial-in number for the rebroadcast is (888) 203-1112 (toll-free) or (719) 457-0820. Please enter confirmation code 4944387. WEBCAST: Apple will provide live audio streaming of its FY 16 Third Quarter Results Conference Call using Apple’s HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) technology. The live webcast will begin at 2:00 p.m. PDT on July 26, 2016 at www.apple.com/investor/earnings-call/ and will also be available for replay for approximately two weeks thereafter. Live audio streaming requires an iPhone, iPad or iPod touch with Safari on iOS 7.0 or later, a Mac with Safari 6.0.5 or later on OS X v10.8.5 or later, or a PC with Microsoft Edge on Windows 10. This recording is the property of Apple and protected by US copyright law and international treaties. Any reproduction or distribution is strictly prohibited without prior written approval from Apple. Please contact Apple Public Relations or Investor Relations with any questions. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsMEDIA ALERT Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple &amp; Donate Life America bring organ donation to iPhone Next PostNext Apple Reports Third Quarter Results Search Recent Posts Apple announces environmental progress in China Celebrating Brooklyn’s first Apple Store Apple Williamsburg opens in Brooklyn on Saturday Apple celebrates one billion iPhones Apple Reports Third Quarter Results Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple announces environmental progress in China Lens Technology has committed to power all of its glass production for Apple with 100 percent renewable energy by the end of 2018, as part of Apple’s industry-leading supply chain clean energy program announced last year. Lens is the first supplier to make a clean energy commitment for all of its Apple production, and will meet its goal through an unprecedented power purchase agreement with local wind projects. Apple is working with suppliers to help transform the environmental landscape in China, and is proud to announce all 14 of its final assembly sites in China are now compliant with UL’s Zero Waste to Landfill validation. The UL standard certifies all of their manufacturing waste is reused, recycled, composted, or, when necessary, converted into energy. Since the program began in January 2015, the sites have diverted more than 140,000 metric tons of waste from landfills. “We want to show the world that you can manufacture responsibly and we’re working alongside our suppliers to help them lower their environmental impact in China,” said Lisa Jackson, Apple’s vice president of Environment, Policy and Social Initiatives. “We congratulate Lens for their bold step, and hope by sharing the lessons we’ve learned in our transition to renewable energy, our suppliers will continue to access clean power projects, moving China closer to its green manufacturing goals.” “Our power purchase agreement is the first of its kind in southern China and we hope it will serve as an example for other companies looking to transition to cleaner, more economical sources of power,” said Lens CEO Zhou Qunfei. “We’re pleased to be the first supplier to commit to covering all of our Apple production with renewable energy, and proud to source from local Hunan wind farms to power our facilities in Changsha.” Lens’ manufacturing with Apple currently includes two facilities in Changsha, Hunan province. Wind energy will cover 100 percent of the energy consumed producing Apple products at Lens facilities by 2018, avoiding nearly 450,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide each year, equivalent to the energy use in 380,000 Chinese homes. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Celebrating Brooklyn’s first Apple Store Search Recent Posts Apple announces environmental progress in China Celebrating Brooklyn’s first Apple Store Apple Williamsburg opens in Brooklyn on Saturday Apple celebrates one billion iPhones Apple Reports Third Quarter Results Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Samsung Tablets Overtake the iPad in Western Europe in Q1, While the iPad Captures 50% of Tablets over $750 | Main May 18, 2017 Google Assistant for iOS Can't Match Apple's Integrated Siri Yesterday we posted a report titled "Google Assistant is now Available for iOS and Google Home will be Offering Free Phone Calls within the U.S. and Canada." One of Google's headline catching announcements out of their I/O developer conference yesterday was that Google Assistant was available on iOS. That was met with a lot of cheering. But for Apple maestro Mark Gurman, Google Assistant doesn't hold a candle to Siri on iOS devices.   Gurnman notes in a Bloomberg report today that "Some people think Google's virtual assistant beats Siri in reliability and capability. That may be true on Google's own devices, like the Pixel smartphone, but the Assistant is hobbled on the iPhone."   The bottom line is "the reality for iPhone users is that the Google Assistant will probably never beat Apple Inc.'s Siri on its home turf. That's bad news for the Alphabet Inc. unit, which wants its voice-based technology everywhere."   Gurman Lists Five top reasons for why Siri is better:   1. You have to download it from the App Store. 2. You can't launch it with your iPhone's home button or with your voice 3. You can't tap into basic iPhone functions and settings 4. You can't launch apps, search some Apple content stores, or pull up photos 5. You can't integrate with other non-Google apps on your iPhone 6. Integrated Apple services typically require an extra step 7. You can't easily use it in the car   Mark concludes that "Altogether, unless you are deeply in the Google ecosystem, using Google Assistant on the iPhone is a pain compared to Siri." For Gurman's full reasoning behind each of his seven points, check out the full Bloomberg report here.   Though to be fair, Android fans that may own a Chromebook, a Samsung tablet and an Apple iPhone for instance, Google Assistant will find a friend who's more familiar with Google Assistant and knows that over time Google's engineers will fix most of the short comings that Gurman has amply and glaringly pointed out. But for most Apple fans, having access to Google Assistant isn't really that appealing to begin with.   To make that point crystal clear, it was reported today that "data released in a research note this week from investment banking-giant, Morgan Stanley, approximately 92 percent of current iPhone owners who are either 'somewhat' or 'extremely' likely to upgrade to a newer smartphone during the next 12 months will upgrade to a new iPhone over any other handset." With that kind of loyalty, Google Assistant doesn't stand much of a chance of gaining any traction on iOS any time soon.   Yet some would argue that it's always best to give users more choice and there's definitely some merit to that thinking. Well, at least for the 8% of users who aren't committed to the Apple ecosystem that Morgan Stanley pointed out.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on May 18, 2017 at 05:20 PM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Samsung Tablets Overtake the iPad in Western Europe in Q1, While the iPad Captures 50% of Tablets over $750 Apple reveals all-new Apple Watch Design with a Display covering the Face and Band & Also Points to a TV Google Assistant is now Available for iOS and Google Home will be Offering Free Phone Calls within the U.S. and Canada Two Great Interviews Surface today with Apple's Angela Ahrendts and Jimmy Iovine Two-Faced Samsung Magically Claims Global Sales of their S8 Hit 10 Million Today while Claiming 5 Million Yesterday New Court Filing Details Qualcomm Suing Apple's iPhone Suppliers for withholding Royalty Payments Apple Engineers Invented a Different Kind of Pizza Container AMD Set to Thrill Pros and Gamers alike with a new High-End CPU called 'Threadripper' with 16 Cores and 32 Threads TheStreet Launches a Free New Financial App that's Available at the App Store Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums CNET Magazine Latest Stories Subscribe Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Vevo revamps its TV look and feel, starting with Apple The online music-video service redesigned itself for television sets, starting with Apple TV. Digital Media by Joan E. Solsman May 18, 2017 11:34 AM PDT @joan_e Vevo's new TV streaming app is designed to keep music playing as you scroll through panels that preview what's up next. Vevo Vevo revamped its app for Apple TV with a design it plans to trickle out to other streaming boxes later this year, aimed at displacing music-only apps for TV like Pandora. "We wanted a flagship example of what we could do," Vevo CEO Erik Huggers said at an unveiling. The app plays to a small but growing segment of how consumers are watching digital video. For Vevo, connected TVs represent less than 10 percent of views but are its biggest growth segment. But often the most popular music related apps for TV streaming devices are services that have no or little video. Vevo's new design includes elements familiar to people using its mobile app: artist stations, a hub for genres, and playlists curated to suit time of day and your personal preferences. Important for a TV app, the new design adds the ability to browse while continuing to listen to what's playing, and to get a preview of what's inside a playlist selection by playing short, soundfree clips of the what is in queue. The company aims to add a "watch party" feature down the line. Already an element of Vevo's desktop experience, it allows users -- or the performer in a music video itself -- to create a room to chat in while watching the video play. The new app, set to be available Friday, was designed for the latest Apple TV running its TVOS operating system. The company plans to bring match the design in the apps it makes for the other streaming-media devices it's on, such as Roku, later this year. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Digital Media Media Streamers Vevo Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. May 19 Is it too late for Apple's Siri to catch up with Google and Amazon? (Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast, Ep. 85) May 19 Is it too late for Apple's Siri to catch up with Google and Amazon? (AB Extra Crunchy, Ep. 85) May 18 Almost all iPhone users will buy another iPhone, says survey May 18 Apple's new campus has just about everything, except day care All Apple Stories More stories Spotify is draining even more money the bigger it gets The Witcher will soon slay beasts on Netflix Pandora said to be back in takeover talks with SiriusXM Hackers threaten to leak 'Pirates 5' unless Disney pays up Close   Discuss: Vevo revamps its TV look and feel, starting... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Forget rainbow vomit. Google Lens is AR you can actually use FCC votes to start net neutrality rollback A preliminary vote passed in favor of killing off the existing regulations. by Lexy Savvides 1:39 Google I/O 2017 recap Today's major tech headlines include all the news from Google's I/O event. The company focused on Android O, Assistant improvements, new machine learning technology and much more. by Jeff Bakalar 1:09 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investors' Soapbox PM Apple’s Nokia Suit More Pressing Than Qualcomm The Nokia litigation carries a risk of blocking infringing products and the initial determination could come in Q4. May 18, 2017 3:07 p.m. ET Wells Fargo Securities In this note, we catalog a comprehensive list of patent litigation that Apple is involved in, key upcoming dates, current status, and a detailed look at what we believe are the most important disputes. While, understandably, the key investor focus continues to be on the iPhone 8 cycle, we believe these legal disputes have the risk of introducing volatility to Apple’s (ticker: AAPL) share price if/when... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Apple’s Nokia Suit More Pressing Than Qualcomm Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Russia-Venezuela Citgo Debt: ‘National Security Issue,’ Mnuchin Says Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Biggest Loser: Cisco Cracks Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Would a President Pence Be Good for Stocks? Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Applied Materials Jumps 5% on FYQ2 Beat, Higher Q3 View Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 YouTube Yet to Win Back Key Advertisers 2 Starbucks' Stock Price Could Heat Up Again 3 Investor Takes on Buffalo Wild Wings Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Welcome, Guest Log in | Register Home   Slideshows   Blogs   IT Downloads   Research Center   Newsletters   Sponsored Content IT Management   Data Center   Cloud   Careers   Mobility   Security   Enterprise Apps   Social Media   Big Data   Internet of Things Home      Blogs      Unfiltered Opinion      Putting Legal In Its Place: Why Companies Shouldn’t Be Run By Execs With ‘No’ As Their Middle Names Related Content Topic :  A Big Market for Big Data Jobs  If you think there isn’t a connection between home improvement and Big Data, reconsider, because Big Data is becoming a part of just about every major industry. Blog :  IBM Launches Blockchain Accelerator Program Article :  Cybersecurity Ventures Top 50 Security Companies to Watch Putting Legal in Its Place: Why Companies Shouldn’t Be Run by Execs with ‘No’ as Their Middle Names Rob Enderle |   Unfiltered Opinion   |   Posted 18 May, 2017          |         |     Share Over the years, I’ve watched a lot of companies go from success to failure because they allowed Finance or the Legal department to have excessive control over the business. These organizations do provide very valuable advice, but often the executives learn that while there is risk in approving an action, there is no risk in saying no and, as a result, no becomes their go to response. This hasn’t been the case at Apple, Intel and Oracle, all of which not only are scary with regard to litigation capability, but their legal and finance teams dance to tune the CEO plays, they don’t make the CEO and his staff dance to their tune. Risk Avoidance There are clearly some times where it is important to listen to your legal and finance teams. For instance, when HP bought Autonomy, CFO Cathy Lesjak had been against the deal because she was concerned about the integrity of their disclosures. She was overridden and the thing turned into one of the biggest messes of the decade. Clearly, running blindly into a stupid decision is equally stupid, and getting the feedback, and listening or reading it before a decision is made, will result in better decisions or, at least, a much firmer idea of the risks you are taking and a better chance of mitigating them. But this is understanding risk; it is when these groups move from advice to control that they become company killers. Successful firms are all about understanding and accepting “reasonable” risks. For instance, when Steve Jobs wanted to launch the iPhone, he was told he couldn’t have that name because Cisco owned it and had its own shipping iPhone product. He accepted the risk and, after the fact, negotiated a deal with Cisco in which that firm released the name to Apple and got a closer relationship with Apple, which was a win/win, in exchange. The iPhone was a massive success. However, when it came to the iWatch, also a name that Apple didn’t own, Apple walked away from it and instead launched the Apple Watch. Certainly, no risk of litigation, but the product’s sales are a fraction of what they otherwise might have been with the proper name and branding. In the first case, and in the same company, legal got it done over their own objections. In the second case, legal likely won but Apple clearly lost. Under Jobs, the firm was willing to take on one of the most powerful companies in the world. Under Tim Cook, it was scared off by a few far smaller firms that sort of owned, but likely couldn’t protect, the iWatch brand. Now could the Cisco thing have blown up in Jobs’ face? Sure. But Jobs’ entire history was one of taking risks. The iPhone was based on a design that had sold poorly. But he bet the firm that he could create a successful version and that decision resulted in making Apple the most valuable company in the world. So, huge risk, but equally huge rewards. This is what top executives are supposedly paid to do: Balance risks to rewards, and take reasonable gambles that drive corporate growth. One of my favorite Jobs examples was against Intel, which is also very litigious. It was running a campaign using Bunnymen to promote the Pentium. Most legal teams have a cow if you create a campaign that directly disparages a competitor’s product and Intel was famous for being so aggressive with litigation that, even if you won, you’d likely go out of business. Yet Jobs’ Apple ran a series of very damaging ads that made fun of Intel’s Pentium 2. Later, it ran one of the most successful campaigns, regularly making fun of Bill Gates, the richest guy in the world. And despite likely giving the Apple legal folks heartburn, nothing really happened. Wrapping Up: Remember Who Is the Boss The market is often defined by those who take risks and it regularly rolls over those who too aggressively avoid them. My whole point is that Legal and Finance both have really important jobs to do, and they are a critical part of the firm’s defense and operations, however, it is when they start running the company that they move from asset to liability. The most successful CEO, Jobs, knew how to use these organizations as critical resources rather than have them become his boss. This is a lesson way too many people either haven’t learned or too often forget. Rob Enderle is President and Principal Analyst of the Enderle Group, a forward-looking emerging technology advisory firm.  With over 30 years’ experience in emerging technologies, he has provided regional and global companies with guidance in how to better target customer needs; create new business opportunities; anticipate technology changes; select vendors and products; and present their products in the best possible light. Rob covers the technology industry broadly. Before founding the Enderle Group, Rob was the Senior Research Fellow for Forrester Research and the Giga Information Group, and held senior positions at IBM and ROLM. Follow Rob on Twitter @enderle, on Facebook and on Google+ Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE            |         |     Share Add Comment      Leave a comment on this blog post Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled. Post a comment  Your name/nickname  Your email  WebSite  Subject (Maximum characters: 1200). You have 1200 characters left.     Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Property of Quinstreet Enterprise. Sitemap | Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | About Us | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright © 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2014 Quinstreet Inc. All right reserved.
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Hardware Tim Cook spotted with a blood-monitoring Apple Watch prototype Chris Mills @chrisfmills May 18th, 2017 at 5:31 PM Share Tweet A report from CNBC says that Apple CEO Tim Cook has been spotted wandering around Apple’s campus with a prototype blood glucose monitor. The device would allow for constant blood sugar monitoring, crucial for diabetics and potentially interesting for healthy individuals as well. Don't Miss: Working in the Tesla factory sounds like hell The device was apparently connected to Cook’s Apple Watch, which already provides constant heart-rate monitoring. As this is clearly a prototype, it’s possible that the blood glucose sensor will be built into a future Apple Watch model, rather than being an add-on accessory. Apple has long toyed with expanding the health benefits of the Apple Watch. With the latest version of watchOS, Apple is focused much more on collecting statistics and data on personal health and using that in the medical industry. In Apple’s vision, your doctor will be able to pull up real-time and historical vitals on any patient remotely, which would be a powerful diagnostic tool. CNBC also reported last month that Apple has a team working on the “Holy Grail” of constant blood glucose monitoring, so this device would appear to be the fruits of their labor. The research is presumably advanced if prototype devices are already out in the wild. It’s possible we may see more details about the senor at WWDC late this month, although any wide launch will take time, as it will require FDA approval. Tags: Apple, Apple Watch, Tim Cook View Comments Trending 1 Tech Apple’s iPhone 8 will basically bring back the headphone jack 2 Tech Exclusive: The world’s first look at Apple’s final iPhone 8 design in real life 3 Science Russian spaceflight director thinks Elon Musk is out of his mind 4 Tech The OnePlus 5 might ‘steal’ an iconic iPhone feature 5 Deals Get Amazon Prime free for 6 months, then 50% off forever if your .edu email still works Picked For You Apple’s iPhone 8 will basically bring back the headphone jack By Zach Epstein 16 hours ago Exclusive: The world’s first look at Apple’s final iPhone 8 design in real life By Zach Epstein 2 days ago Working in the Tesla factory sounds like hell By Chris Mills 11 hours ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 237% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 56% Income Investor Dividend stocks 45% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 53% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 30% Returns as of 5/18/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 237% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 56% Income Investor Dividend stocks 45% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 53% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 30% Returns as of 5/18/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Best Stocks Warren Buffett Is Buying Now The top stocks Berkshire Hathaway's buying now include Apple, Southwest Air, and Bank of New York Mellon. Todd Campbell (TMFEBCapital) May 18, 2017 at 5:41PM Warren Buffett's ability to pick long-term winners for Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK-A)(NYSE:BRK-B) portfolios has made his buying decisions must-know news. Fortunately, big investors like him have to file a 13F report with the Securities and Exchange Commission every quarter that shows what he's been buying. According to Warren Buffett's latest 13F, his top stocks for new money include Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Southwest Airlines (NYSE:LUV), and Bank of New York Mellon (NYSE:BK). Should you be buying these stocks, too? A massive bet on upgrades Warren Buffett once told Steve Jobs to use Apple's cash to buy back stock, but it took Buffett until 2016 to follow his own advice. Image source: The Motley Fool. Now, Apple is Berkshire Hathaway's third largest position. In the first quarter, Buffett bought nearly 72 million shares of Apple, bringing the total number of shares owned by Berkshire Hathaway to over 129 million.  At current prices, that position is worth over $19 billion. Why is Buffett betting so big on Apple? At the time of his first purchase, Apple shares had sunk to lows on fear that slowing sales in China was a signal of weakness to come. Since then, China has shown signs of recovery, and with rumors suggesting Apple's next iPhone will include new features like 3D sensing, Apple could be about to see demand surge as device owners upgrade. While Apple was a cheap stock when Buffett first began buying, it's gotten more expensive since then. In the past year, Apple's shares have rallied over 60%. There could be more room to run higher, but Buffett did recently hint that he's having trouble buying more shares now that prices have run up so much.  Nevertheless, the potential for this technology behemoth to enjoy a rush of sales remains a key catalyst heading into 2018, and for that reason, investors might want to join Buffett in buying Apple if shares dip. First-class operator takes flight In the past, Warren Buffett has said a surefire way to become a millionaire is to start out a billionaire and buy an airline. Yet, shares in Southwest Air were among his biggest buys in the first quarter. Southwest is a discount airline that's known for folksy, fun service, and Warren Buffett lists co-founder Herb Kelleher as a friend. In Q1, Buffett added over 4.4 million shares in Southwest Airlines to Berkshire Hathaway's portfolio, bringing its total stake north of 47 million shares. Coming out of the first quarter, Berkshire Hathaway is Southwest Airlines' second biggest shareholder. By his own admission, one of Buffett's worst stock picks in his career was USAir, an operator he bought back in the late 1980s that declared bankruptcy twice. He ultimately made money on USAir, but he still refers to it as a "dumb" buy because, historically, the industry has suffered from too much capacity, too much price competition, and too high costs. Today, Buffett appears to believe that those headwinds have eased. Bankruptcies and mergers have rightsized capacity and airlines are far less willing to sell seats at bargain-basement prices. A strong economy is also helping increase load factors, and rising oil production in the U.S. due to shale drilling has helped keep jet fuel prices in check. As a result, operators including Southwest have been delivering solid growth. LUV Revenue (TTM) data by YCharts. Warren Buffett's also been buying Southwest's competitors, including American Airlines, so he seems to like the industry as a whole. However, I'm not convinced that airlines will remain a staple holding in Berkshire Hathaway's portfolio. The industry has made significant changes to its business model that have paid off, but it's still a cyclical industry with high capital expenses. Because of these reasons, Buffett could view these bets on airlines as opportunistic rather than long-term investments. If I'm correct, then he could sell at any point; especially since shares have rallied considerably higher. Buying banking In spite of a high-profile scandal at his biggest holding, Wells Fargo, Warren Buffett hasn't soured on banks. In Q1, he added 11.3 million more shares to his existing position in Bank of New York Mellon, and as a result, he now owns 33 million shares in it. Banking's appeal is understandable. Following the Great Recession, bank earnings have been weighed down by the government's low-interest policies, but now that those policies are ending, banks are poised to see their net interest margins climb. Bank of NY Mellon, however, isn't an ordinary bank. The company is a leader in asset management, and while it makes money lending to businesses and high-net-worth clients, it's benefiting significantly from rising equity markets' positive impact on fees. Last quarter, a record $30.6 trillion in assets under management or administration helped revenue grow 2.7% year over year to $3.84 billion. In the quarter, investment services revenue accounted for $3 billion of total sales. Meanwhile, the bank's cost controls helped non-interest expense grow more slowly than sales, providing leverage that allowed the company to report earnings per share of $0.83, which was $0.03 better than Street forecasts, and 14% higher than last year.  Its improving financials suggest there's plenty of financial firepower to continue returning a lot of money to investors. Last quarter alone, buybacks and dividend payments totaled $1.1 billion. As long as global markets are strong and high-net-worth clients finances are holding up, Bank of NY Mellon should perform well, and since there's little evidence of a pending recession, it's not surprising that Buffett continues to warm up to this one. Todd Campbell owns shares of Apple. His clients may have positions in the companies mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Berkshire Hathaway (B shares). The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Todd Campbell (TMFEBCapital) Todd has been helping buy side portfolio managers as an independent researcher for over a decade. In 2003, Todd founded E.B. Capital Markets, LLC, a research firm providing action oriented ideas to professional investors. Todd has provided insight to a variety of publications, including SmartMoney, Barron's, and CNN/fn. Follow @ebcapital Article Info May 18, 2017 at 5:41PM Financials Stocks Berkshire Hathaway (A shares) NYSE:BRK-A $242,510.00 down $-600.00 (-0.25%) Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $152.54 up $2.29 (1.52%) Southwest Airlines NYSE:LUV $57.29 up $0.25 (0.44%) Berkshire Hathaway (B shares) NYSE:BRK-B $161.62 up $0.36 (0.22%) The Bank of New York Mellon NYSE:BK $46.20 down $0.09 (-0.19%) Read More Back from Berkshire: A Fool's Take Why Warren Buffett Loves Dividends, but Doesn't Pay Any Is This the Toughest Question Warren Buffett Can Expect This Weekend? 3 Big Trends Buffett Sees in the Stock Market Here's What Warren Buffett Is Buying and Selling Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Best Stocks Warren Buffett Is Buying Now @themotleyfool #stocks $BRK-A, $AAPL, $LUV, $BRK-B, $BK
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home search Google Assistant on iPhone: What can it do that Siri can't? Elyse Betters18 May 2017Apps Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Google Assistant has arrived on the iPhone. Sure, technically, the AI-powered assistant was already available in a limited fashion through the Google Allo messaging app, but now, thanks to a new standalone app available on Apple's App Store (US-only for now), you can take full advantage of Google Assistant and start barking commands at it like you can with Siri. But can it replace Apple's default voice assistant? We played with it a bit to find out. What is Android Go and why does it matter? How to get Android O on your phone right now Apple's Siri speaker: What's the story so far? Pocket-lint What is Google Assistant? Google Assistant is Google's version of an assistant - just like Apple has Siri and Microsoft has Cortana and Amazon has Alexa and Samsung has Bixby and so on. Pocket-lint has an in-depth guide on Google Assistant that details everything you need to know, including which devices and apps it is currently found in, how it works, what it can do, and the types of functionality it offers per device. Pocket-lint How does Google Assistant on iPhone work? Setup First, download the free Google Assistant app from Apple's App Store and log in to your Google account. It is only available in the US at launch. It will ask for access to your location and microphone. Then, you'll be brought to the chat screen in the app and told about the types of things you can ask. If you need help or what to know more about what Google Assistant can do, just ask: "What can you do?" Ask a question To ask a question, tap the microphone icon at the bottom of the chat screen and ask your question, or tap the keyboard icon to the left of the microphone icon to bring up a keyboard and manually input your question to Google Assistant. Explore In the top right of the chat screen, there's a blue icon. Tap it to access the more options in the Assistant app. The screen that pops up will have two tabs: Explore and Your Stuff. Explore suggests different things you can ask Google Assistant and recommends various tie-ins (also known as "skills" on the Cortana and Alexa platforms). For instance, you ask Assistant to play a song in Spotify. Your Stuff The second tab we mentioned (under more options), Your Stuff, is where you can go to see all your Assistant-related stuff in one place, such as your reminders, agenda, and shopping list. You can also tap next to each section to begin adding reminders, events, shopping items, etc. Settings Under more options, and then next to the Your Stuff tab, you will see three horizontal dots. This icon opens up a card that provides access to your account, settings, activity, and additional features like help and send feedback. Select Account to manage which Google account is linked to the Assistant app. Settings will let you add payment options and manage devices and services (like your Google Home or Spotify account), while Activity shows a history of everything you've done with Assistant. Pocket-lint What can Assistant do that Siri can't? For the purposes of this guide, we're focusing on how Google Assistant on the iPhone compares to Siri on the iPhone. Launching your assistant The first obvious difference is that Siri is baked into iOS, while Google Assistant is a standalone app you need to download. You can easily access Siri by holding down the iPhone's home button, but with Google Assistant (and Cortana, Alexa, and all other third-party assistants), you need to launch a separate app. And on Android phones, Google Assistant is immediately there and ready. The other thing worth mentioning is that you can't remap your Home button so that it launches an assistant other than Siri. Also, when you first launch the Google Assistant app on your iPhone, you have to log in to a Google account. Siri doesn't have this step when you first use it on the iPhone, though, technically, it quietly works with the Apple ID you used to sign into your device. Calls and texts If you're wondering whether you can make a call or send a message on the iPhone with Google Assistant, you can, but it's not exactly seamless. When you say, "Call Dad," for instance, Assistant will bring up his name and launch a phone call you can then cancel or confirm. If you say, "Text Dad," it asks for your message and launches your Messages app. Siri can send messages without opening an app. Playing music You can play music using Google Assistant, but again, the experience is muddled. When you first ask Google Assistant to play music, it'll ask you to choose between Apple Music and YouTube as a default. We chose YouTube and said, "Play AC/DC." It then launched the YouTube app and played a random song from the band. We went back to Assistant and said "Play Father John Misty," and it served up a list of albums. At that point we asked Assistant to play a song "on Apple Music" and it did so. From what we can tell it switched Apple Music to our default. We then couldn't figure out how to change YouTube to the default again. So, this feature still needs tweaking, in our opinion. Now, with Siri, you can ask it to play music, and it'll always play it on Apple Music and give you the option to open Apple Music. Google apps Google Assistant works well with Google's own apps. You can send an email through Gmail (say who you want to send the email to, and it'll open the Gmail app; ask for directions with Google Maps instead of Apple's maps, etc). Now, with Siri, your email will always go through Apple's Mail app and can be done without opening the app, but you can also ask Siri to open some third-party apps, including Google Maps. Shortcuts Unlike Siri, Google Assistant lets you set up quick shortcuts (under the Your Stuff tab) to customise Assistant. So, for instance, you can say "Be right there" to trigger a text to your husband that says you're 10 minutes away. "Make me laugh" could bring up fail videos on YouTube. Restrictions There are some iOS restrictions that limit what Google Assistant can do. The Your Stuff tab in the Google Assistant app lists that you set reminders, an agenda, and a shopping list. However, Google Assistant still can't set alarms, launch the camera to take selfies (or launch any app on command), post to social networks like Twitter or Facebook, call a ride-hailing app like Ubers or Lyft, etc. You also can't launch third-party apps like Whatsapp to send a message. But Siri can do all that. That said, Google Assistant can handle setting reminders with a place and time, while Siri can only place what you requested on Apple's Reminders list. Explore Speaking of third-party apps, Apple has opened up Siri to developers, but you'll have to ask Siri what she can do and play around to figure things out yourself. With Google Assistant app, however, there is an Explore tab full of suggestions on what you can do with Assistant. We particularly like that Assistant offers access to other chatbots, like Genius, which guesses the name of a song based on a snippet. Context Google Assistant is better at remembering context. For instance, when we asked, "Who's the Queen of England," and followed it up with "How old is she?" Google Assistant responded with "Elizabeth II" and "5-feet and 4 inches tall." Siri, meanwhile, answered the first question but responded with "I don't know" for the second. We also think Siri can't understand voice commands as well as Google. Pocket-lint Want to know more? Check out Pocket-lint's Apple and Google hubs for related guides. Sections Apple Google Phones Apps Google Assistant on iPhone: What can it do that Siri can't? SwiftKey for iOS adds 68 languages, gets design overhaul and new themes What is Google Lens and how do you use it? What is Google Assistant, how does it work, and which devices offer it? Popular In Apps On Pocket-lint What is Google Assistant, how does it work, and which devices offer it? What is Google Lens and how do you use it? Google I/O 2017: All the announcements that matter Google Assistant on iPhone: What can it do that Siri can't? SwiftKey for iOS adds 68 languages, gets design overhaul and new themes Google Photos gets better at sharing, creates actual photo books Move over, Siri: Google Assistant is officially coming to iPhone Google Assistant might hit iPhone, Photos, and your kitchen this week Instagram copied Snapchat again: Here's how those face filters work 19 best movie and TV spaceships: The star craft that defined our childhood What is Google Assistant, how does it work, and which devices offer it? OnePlus 5: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know What is Google Lens and how do you use it? Android O: Features, release date and everything you need to know Google I/O 2017: All the announcements that matter Google Assistant on iPhone: What can it do that Siri can't? Best upcoming smartphones: The future phones of 2017 27 fantastic photographic firsts What is Android Go and why does it matter? These amazing leaked photos show the real iPhone 8 in all its glory Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Microsoft Redesigns OneNote for Mac, Windows, iOS, Android and the Web [Video] Apple CEO Tim Cook Spotted Testing Prototype Glucose Monitor That Attaches to the Apple Watch Google Assistant App Released for iPhone [Download] Facebook Messenger Gets a New Look Uber Launches 'Uber Freight' [Video] Pioneer Announces Five New NEX In-Dash Multimedia Receivers With Apple CarPlay Support Beautiful iOS 11 Redesign With Dark Mode, Inspired by Apple Music App [Images] Bragi Unveils 'The Dash Pro' Wireless Earbuds With Real-Time Language Translation [Video] Google's I/O 2017 Keynote in 10 Minutes [Video] iPhone 8 Renders Based on 'Highly Detailed CAD File' [Images] Kanex Announces GoPower Watch Stand Availability Apple to Unveil Three New Laptops Including Updated MacBook Pro at WWDC [Report] Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 [Download] Vevo App for Apple TV Gets Curated Playlists, Video Previews, More Tim Cook Talks Accessibility Over Coffee [Video] Signal Secure Messaging App Approved for Senate Use Apple Launches 'Today at Apple' Programs at Its Retail Stores [Video] Qualcomm Sues Apple Contract Manufacturers Apple Starts Making iPhones in India Apple Posts 7 New 'Designed For' Videos [Watch] Apple CEO Tim Cook Spotted Testing Prototype Glucose Monitor That Attaches to the Apple Watch LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 8 hours ago by iClarified · 3300 views · Translate Apple CEO Tim Cook has been spotted testing a prototype glucose monitor that attaches to the Apple Watch, according to CNBC. A source said that Cook was wearing a prototype glucose-tracker on the Apple Watch, which points to future applications that would make the device a "must have" for millions of people with diabetes -- or at risk for the disease. Previous reports have suggested that Apple is working on a way for users to monitor their blood sugar levels without needing to penetrate their skin. Notably, in a talk with students at the University of Glasgow in February, Cook revealed that he had been wearing a continuous glucose monitor for a few weeks. "I've been wearing a continuous glucose monitor for a few weeks," he said. "I just took it off before coming on this trip." He also noted that current finger prick solutions are burdensome. "It's mentally anguishing to stick yourself many times a day to check your blood sugar," said Cook. "There is lots of hope out there that if someone has constant knowledge of what they're eating, they can instantly know what causes the response... and that they can adjust well before they become diabetic." "This is an area where I'm very excited about Apple's contribution," he said. "Very excited." Just a couple days ago another report claimed that Apple is planning to update its Apple Watch with glucose monitoring capabilities for diabetics and smart bands that add additional functionality. Please follow iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for updates. Read More Follow iClarified Comments (4) Add Comment Demetrius Boyd - 6 hours ago I would like to send iDownload Blog a HELO for you guys to test and do a review about!! If this is cool just reach out to me and i will make it happen! Reply · Like · Mark as Spam DEmetrius Boyd - 6 hours ago This is already going to be on the HELO before this year is out!! Just google it and contact me if you want to know more. myhelo15.helo.life Reply · Like · Mark as Spam The Watcher - 7 hours ago As a Diabetic and an Apple Watch owner, I think it's safe to say... HURRY THE HELL UP TIM!!!!!! The SOONER the BETTER!!! Reply · Like · Mark as Spam The Truth - 7 hours ago Damnnn shun! Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Scroll.in - Scroll.in Subscribe to Mailers Feedback Get the Android app Blog About Readers' Editor Letters to the Editor Our tech Jobs Terms of use Privacy Policy Home Video The Latest The Reel The Field Magazine Pulse In Pictures Bookshop Trending The little-known history of how Zoroastrian merchants helped create the old Silk Route The heartwarming story behind Washington Sundar’s unique name Watch: The cool cola advertisement they will never run in India (because it will offend morals) Tribute: Reema Lagoo’s best mom moments 48 runs, 6 overs: The farce that knocked the defending champions Sunrisers Hyderabad out of IPL 2017 In a bid to go corporate, the Indian Railways is set to scrap its Rs 30,000-crore social subsidy The Trump gag rule hits India: Organisations asked to declare they do not provide abortion services The end of nature: Why India is becoming a drier, hotter and angrier country When Sivagami wanted to destroy Mahishmathi: The ‘Baahubali’ character gets a back story Kulbhushan Jadhav: How India notched up an international victory over Pakistan Sections Opinion Politics Culture India World Film and TV Music Books and Ideas Business and Economy Science and Technology Subscribe to Mailers Feedback Get the Android app Blog About Readers' Editor Letters to the Editor Our tech Jobs Terms of use Privacy Policy Yesterday · 12:11 pm.   Scroll Staff Share Tweet Email Reddit Print Share Tweet Email Reddit Print Technology News Google announces digital assistant for iPhone, job search tool and upgrades for speaker The artificial intelligence-driven voice-controlled digital assistant is expected to compete with Apple’s Siri. Scroll Staff Published Yesterday · 12:11 pm.   Google engineer Scott Huffman at the conference - Reuters Google on Wednesday said its Google Assistant will now be accessible on Apple Inc’s iPhone. The technology giant also announced several new features at its annual developer conference in Mountain View California. The artificial intelligence-driven, voice-controlled digital assistant, is aimed at giving competition to Apple’s Siri feature. Google officials also announced an upgraded Google Home speaker, a job search tool and a virtual reality headset. The company’s representatives said the assistant will soon be able to “complete transactions and supply information about objects captured by the smartphones camera”. Observers, however, said the company’s Android operating system was sidelined during the conference, Reuters reported. The company’s product rivals Microsoft, Apple and Amazon’s offerings to provide a voice-powered digital assistant. “Humans are interacting with computing in more natural and immersive ways,” Google Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai was quoted as saying. “We have been using voice as an input across many of our products.” The chief executive officer also said that its main revenue generator, its search engine, would be upgraded with a jobs tab that would filter suggestions based on remuneration and commute time. Users will be able to use Google Home to make phone calls and also access HBO Now streaming service. We welcome your comments at letters@scroll.in. Google iPhone Google Assistant Sundar Pichai Print Related Nokia confirms comeback to smartphone industry in 2017 Trending The little-known history of how Zoroastrian merchants helped create the old Silk Route The heartwarming story behind Washington Sundar’s unique name Watch: The cool cola advertisement they will never run in India (because it will offend morals) Tribute: Reema Lagoo’s best mom moments 48 runs, 6 overs: The farce that knocked the defending champions Sunrisers Hyderabad out of IPL 2017
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Video * Entertainment * Music * More Tags... Industry News * Movies * More Industries... News By Place * New York City   New York   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News May 2017 Fr Th We Tu Mo Su Sa 19 18 17 16 15 14 13 Coming Soon from Amazon Video & iTunes - Great Kat's "Top 20 Hot Shred Holidays" The Great Kat's "Top 20 Hot Shred Holidays" in Under 60 Seconds Video – with music from Kat's Barber of Seville!     The Great Kat's “Top 20 Hot Shred Holidays” Video!   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: • Video • Entertainment • Music Industry: • Movies Location: • New York City - New York - USNEW YORK - May 18, 2017 - PRLog -- Coming Soon from Amazon Video & iTunes - The Great Kat's "Top 20 Hot Shred Holidays" in Under 60 Seconds Video! Bonus Feature From Upcoming Great Kat DVD! Cover Photo: http://www.greatkat.com/08/sneakpeek/top20hotshredholidays14-1200x1600.jpg The Great Kat, World's Fastest Guitar/Violin Shredder, rips through the year's Top 20 Holidays in under 1 Minute with music from Kat's Shred masterpiece Rossini's "The Barber of Seville"! https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/rossinis-the-barber-of-seville/id384709525?i=384709529 http://www.greatkat.com Photos: Cover http://www.greatkat.com/08/sneakpeek/top20hotshredholidays14-1200x1600.jpg "Starring The Great Kat" http://www.greatkat.com/08/sneakpeek/holidaystill28logo1.jpg "Top 20 Hot Shred Holidays" http://www.greatkat.com/08/sneakpeek/holidaystill26logo1.jpg "Top 10 Fastest Shredders" http://www.greatkat.com/08/sneakpeek/holidaystill30logo1.jpg 4th Of July http://www.greatkat.com/08/sneakpeek/holidaystill42logo1.jpg The Great Kat's Kat's Shred masterpiece Rossini's "The Barber of Seville"! https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/rossinis-the-barber-of-... http://www.greatkat.com PRESS/TV/RADIO: Get your FREE CD REVIEW COPY of The Great Kat's "GUITAR GODDESS" CD featuring Rossini's "The Barber Of Seville" & To Set up Great Kat Interviews:  contact: Karen Thomas, Thomas PR: karent@thomas-pr.com 631-549-7578 or Toll Free (US & Canada Only) 800-KAT-8664 http://www.greatkat.com NEW Great Kat DVD coming in 2017!! Featuring ShredClassical masterpieces from Vivaldi, Sarasate, Rossini, Liszt, Sarasate, Terror, Bazzini & More insanity from The Great Kat Guitar/Violin Double Virtuoso!! http://www.greatkat.com About The Great Kat: Legendary Guitar/Violin Double Virtuoso, The Great Kat http://www.greatkat.com is the world-famous Juilliard graduate Classical Violin Virtuoso/Carnegie Recital Hall Violin Soloist/Winner of "Artists International Competition". The Great Kat performed as a Prodigy Violin Soloist for NYC Mayor Ed Koch at Gracie Mansion and for Coahuila, Mexico Governor Flores Tapia at the Centennial of General Vito Alessio Robles' birth and at the famous Teatro Fernando Soler in Saltillo, Mexico and was awarded the "Certificate of Merit" from New York Governor Mario Cuomo. The Great Kat is now the world's fastest Shred Guitar Virtuoso/"TOP 10 FASTEST SHREDDERS OF ALL TIME" (Guitar One Magazine)/ "FAMOUS JUILLIARD SCHOOL ALUMNI" (Ranker.com)/"50 SENSATIONAL FEMALE GUITARISTS" (Guitar Player Magazine)/Reincarnation of Beethoven and the ONLY Guitar-Violin Double Virtuoso since Niccolo Paganini. Timothy Leary, cultural icon collaborated with The Great Kat Violin Virtuoso on the rock song "Right Brain Lover". Steve Allen, the comedian and composer, especially composed a jazz piece, "Sonatina", for Katherine Thomas (The Great Kat). Katherine performed the World Premiere of the work as a Violin Soloist at the Thamesdown-Hambro festival in Swindon, England. Calyx Picture Agency in Swindon, England Features Katherine Thomas Violin Virtuoso in "The Great Kat is from Swindon" by Richard Wintle.  Retailing giant Tesco is now featuring The Great Kat's virtuoso Vivaldi's "The Four Seasons" music in the TV commercial for the popular Activision video game "Call of Duty: Ghosts" http://youtu.be/6tW_ik2J000 . Warner Music Group has just released The Great Kat's legendary "Worship Me Or Die!" and "Beethoven On Speed" Speed Metal Albums as digital downloads on iTunes and more: https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/worship-me-or-die!/id1086423634 & https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/beethoven-on-speed/id1089012301 ."Beethoven On Speed" and "Beethoven Shreds" are now featured in "America's Beethoven" Exhibit at the "American Beethoven Society". MVD Entertainment Group is distributing The Great Kat's Albums & Music Videos worldwide http://mvdb2b.com/s/GreatKatBeethovenShreds/TPR0006. The Great Kat's CDs,DVDs & Downloads are available at Walmart, Amazon, Target, iTunes, Barnes and Noble and more stores worldwide. BBC Radio's "The Arts Hour" features The Great Kat Shredding Beethoven's "5th Symphony" and Interview from "Fast And Furioso" Show (heard on BBC Radio 4). New Great Kat ShredClassical DVD coming in 2017, featuring blistering violin/guitar shreds of Vivaldi, Rossini, Sarasate, Bazzini & Liszt. More info: http://www.greatkat.com. Contact: Karen Thomas, Thomas Public Relations, Inc: karent@thomas-pr.com 631-549-7578 http://www.greatkat.com Links: The Great Kat Website: http://www.greatkat.com iTunes Music: http://itunes.apple.com/us/artist/great-kat/id384709526 iTunes Video: http://itunes.apple.com/us/artist/the-great-kat/id368743108 Walmart: https://www.walmart.com/search/?query=%22the%20great%20kat%22 Twitter: http://twitter.com/greatkatguitar and https://twitter.com/greatkatviolin YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/KthomasPR Instagram: http://instagram.com/greatkatguitar Ringtones: http://www.greatkat.com/ringtones/greatkatringtones.html Warner Music: Great Kat's Legendary "WORSHIP ME OR DIE!" & "BEETHOVEN ON SPEED" Albums on Warner Music https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/worship-me-or-die!/id1086423634 & https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/beethoven-on-speed/id1089012301 The Great Kat Albums & Music Videos on MVD Entertainment Group: http://mvdb2b.com/s/GreatKatBeethovenShreds/TPR0006 End Source : Thomas PR Email : ***@thomas-pr.com Tags : Video, Entertainment, Music Industry : Movies Location : New York City - New York - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Thomas Public Relations PRs "Carmen" gets The Great Kat Guitar/Violin Shred treatment with new Tango Dance inspired Music Video Early Juilliard Era photos of The Great Kat, Katherine Thomas, Classical Violinist by Richard Wintle Happy "Beethoven's Guitar Shred" Day -Today April 14! Anniversary of Great Kat DVD! The Great Kat Guitar/Violin Virtuoso Named "50 Sensational Female Guitarists" by Guitar Player Mag Guitar Player Magazine Names The Great Kat "50 Sensational Female Guitarists"! Trending News President of Tie National Passes the Torch to Son before Retirement GEO Jobe UAV Mapping Services beats the odds to receive FAA airspace authorization for Airport Drone Operation Food Search Introduces New Summertime Food Opportunity 32Fixtures Announces Hire of Production Manager, Grant Cregan The Housing Partnership announces key promotions and new personnel Top Daily News Hitsfu Launches Clairvoyance, Data Science for Apps - 421 views L.A. Wolves FC Earns Late 1-0 Victory Over Chula Vista FC in U.S. Open Cup Second Round - 255 views EngineeredVentureServices.com Launches and Offers High Quality Venture Investment Outcomes - 191 views Young Native Americans Bust the Seduction of Drugs on the Reservation - 179 views WoodSpring Hotel Property Management Implements Hotel Effectiveness in 107 WoodSpring Suites - 161 views Top Weekly News President of Tie National Passes the Torch to Son before Retirement - 1189 views RoofCoachPRO LLC Becomes ContractorCoachPRO LLC - 883 views ADLE International's Mobile App Is Now Live on the Apple App Store - 825 views Toll Brothers and Lennar Release Renderings and Floorplans at Altair Irvine - 613 views Midas Hospitality Presented Marriott's Horizon Award - 471 views Top Daily News Hitsfu Launches Clairvoyance, Data Science for Apps - 421 views L.A. Wolves FC Earns Late 1-0 Victory Over Chula Vista FC in U.S. Open Cup Second Round - 255 views EngineeredVentureServices.com Launches and Offers High Quality Venture Investment Outcomes - 191 views Young Native Americans Bust the Seduction of Drugs on the Reservation - 179 views WoodSpring Hotel Property Management Implements Hotel Effectiveness in 107 WoodSpring Suites - 161 views Top Weekly News President of Tie National Passes the Torch to Son before Retirement - 1189 views RoofCoachPRO LLC Becomes ContractorCoachPRO LLC - 883 views ADLE International's Mobile App Is Now Live on the Apple App Store - 825 views Toll Brothers and Lennar Release Renderings and Floorplans at Altair Irvine - 613 views Midas Hospitality Presented Marriott's Horizon Award - 471 views PTC News Toll Brothers and Lennar Release Renderings and Floorplans at Altair Irvine - 613 views Lennar Grand Opens Silver Ridge II in Spanish Springs on May 20 - 236 views Lennar's Bordeaux at Vineyard Creek is Now Selling - 230 views Save the Date for Kemmer Meadows Grand Opening on June 24 - 182 views Ortiz, Cook, Gilchrist, Lehner Headline Creators At Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia, June 1-4 - 155 views May 18, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Nintendo Switch Nokia 3310 iPhone 7 Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Fitness News / Tim Cook ‘spotted’ testing the Apple Watch’s next big feature Tim Cook ‘spotted’ testing the Apple Watch’s next big feature by Chris Smith 10 hours ago 0 shares Read Comments Earlier this month it was reported the next Apple Watch will include the ability to track blood sugar in a non-invasive way. That plot just thickened significantly. According to a CNBC report, Apple CEO Tim Cook has been spied wearing a prototype glucose tracker for the Apple Watch, on the company’s Cupertino campus. Judging by the report, it was an additional accessory, rather than a new Apple Watch feature. That suggests it could be one of the recently-rumored “smart bands” that may enable users to add to the watch’s core functionality. Related: Apple Watch tips and tricks Cook recently admitted to wearing a “continuous glucose monitor for a few weeks,” but it’s not clear if this is an Apple-made device or something constructed by a partner. Should Apple be far along with this technology, it would represent huge progress for diabetes sufferers, who’re constantly having to worry about blood sugar levels. The current testing methods require sufferers to penetrate the skin or perform blood tests. Apple has taken a huge interest in healthcare in recent years, with its HealthKit initiative spearheaded by the Apple Watch. The company is enabling wearers to contribute metrics like heart rate data to the research community. Should continuous glucose-tracking come to fruition through the next-generation Apple Watch, it could be a huge development for millions of diabetes sufferers worldwide. Recent rumours have also suggested the third device in the series will also introduce standalone 4G connectivity and a sleep tracking app. A smart band featuring additional battery power could give users around the clock battery life for the first time, enabling them to wear it to bed and track sleep. We’ve also been hearing Apple will be using microLED technology in the display, enabling it to include a fingerprint sensor. Will these features finally convince you to grab an Apple Watch? Or are you still unconvinced? Share your thoughts in the comments section below. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 22 mins S&P 500 2,365.72 +8.69 (+0.37%) Dow 30 20,663.02 +56.09 (+0.27%) Nasdaq 6,055.13 +43.89 (+0.73%) Apple has a huge advantage over its rivals ahead of the iPhone 8 release Raul Hernandez Business Insider May 17, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos Tim CookMore (Apple CEO Tim Cook.Getty Images/Justin Sullivan) With the iPhone 8 set to be released later this year, Apple looks to have a sizable advantage over its competitors in one important metric: customer loyalty. A new AlphaWise survey found that 92% of surveyed iPhone owners "somewhat or extremely likely" to upgrade in the next 12 months plan to stick with the Apple brand, according to a Morgan Stanley note. That led the rest of the field by a wide margin as Samsung (77%), LG (59%), Motorola (56%), and Nokia (42%) all lagged behind. Morgan Stanley analysts' raised their Apple stock — currently $150.50 per share — price target from $161 to $177 as the survey only served to strengthen their already bullish view on Apple's 2018 outlook. The new target price represents an 18% premium to the current stock price.  "We model FY18 revenue and EPS 10-11% above consensus and see positive estimate revisions over the next two quarters driving shares higher," said Morgan Stanley equity analyst Katy Huberty. "The upside implied by the new survey data makes even our above consensus estimates look conservative." Apple has seen iPhone sales dip recently as the company narrowly missed Wall Street expectations for iPhone sales last quarter. But Apple CEO Tim Cook's take was that iPhone 8 anticipation was to blame. "We're seeing what we believe to be a pause in purchases of iPhone, which we believe is due to the earlier and much more frequent reports about future iPhones," Cook said during the company's second-quarter earnings call. With an estimated 79% of the US smartphone market being controlled by Apple and Samsung, the window to win over rival customers is narrowing. But if 92% of upgrading iPhone customers do indeed stick with Apple and Tim Cook is proven to be right, that won't be too much of an issue. View photos Screen Shot 2017 05 17 at 5.19.33 PMMore (Markets Insider) NOW WATCH: China built a $350 million bridge that ends in a dirt field in North Korea More From Business Insider I’ve tested over 100 headphones in the past year, and I keep coming back to this $26 pair 'A major scandal and abuse of power': Bombshell Comey memo could lead to a major escalation in the Trump-FBI saga James Comey created records of 'improper' phone calls and meetings he had with Trump Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Apple’s iPhone 8 will basically bring back the headphone jack BGR News Apple Watch 3: News and rumors Digital Trends Hundreds of backward compatible Xbox 360 games are on sale right now BGR News 4 reasons iPhone users should ditch Apple Photos for Google Yahoo Finance Qualcomm shows off wireless charging for electric vehicles Reuters Former CIA Director John Brennan sticks up for Trump Yahoo Finance Fox Sports' Kristine Leahy says networks should stop putting LaVar Ball on air 'just to get controversial statements' Business Insider Chinese fighter jets reportedly fly upside down, right above a US Air Force plane Business Insider Here are the top trending topics day 2 of SALT Yahoo Finance Video Jim Chanos is shorting 2 drug stocks with a 'murky alliance' Yahoo Finance The Yale dean whose brutal Yelp reviews called service people 'morons' and restaurant patrons 'white trash' has been placed on leave Business Insider Bill Ackman has a plan to save Trump's presidency Yahoo Finance The one bank that was criminally prosecuted for the financial crisis — and what its trial says about justice in the U.S. Yahoo Finance The Pogue Review: Amazon's Alexa calling Yahoo Finance Video Putting the Trump train back on the tracks Yahoo Finance Elon Musk just admitted that Tesla's stock is out of control Business Insider Chaffetz will resign, raising doubts about Trump probe Mark: The rats are abandoning the ship. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2k
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Apple adds more social-networking features to… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: KD fitting in U2 concert woes Q&A: Mike Krukow U2 concert fallout Fire at Google conference IBM: No more work-from-home Business Apple wants its stores to be more than a place to buy products Company is adding more social-networking features to its Apple Stores Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) An iMac displays artwork produced on an “iPad Air 2 + Waterlogue” by Craig & Karl in iDraw, at the Apple store in Palo Alto, Calif., on Thursday, Jan. 8, 2015. Apple is featuring artists who use Apple products to produce art. (Nhat V. Meyer/Bay Area News Group) By Patrick May | pmay@bayareanewsgroup.com | Bay Area News Group PUBLISHED: May 18, 2017 at 11:08 am | UPDATED: May 18, 2017 at 1:19 pm Angela Ahrendts, Apple’s high priestess for all things retail, wants to harness her inventory of company stores around the world to be much more than simply places to buy iPhones and iPads. Related Articles Apple stores around Bay Area targeted by grab-and-go thieves Biz Break: Apple gets cranking on iPhones in India Apple’s pizza box keeps the cafeteria pies warm Angela Ahrendts looks to revive Apple Stores’ lagging sales Talking to a LinkedIn blog this week to share her vision, Apple’s senior vice president for retail described about how so-called “influencers” will be able to share their art and ideas in a communal setting within Apple stores. These “thinkers, leaders, and culture-makers” who “feed” our curiosity and “reinforce” our ideas will turn Apple stores into repositories of creative sparks and incubators of world-changing ideas, if, that is, things go according to Ahrendts’ plan. “An influencer to me is someone who shares their journey—the ups and downs—and their approach to their craft or the spark that ignites a new interest allowing people to do more and go further,” she writes. “At their core, an influencer creates an empowering human connection. This is the essence of our new in-store experience, ‘Today at Apple,’ bringing a community of people together to influence one another, to learn, share, and experience their Apple passions like music, photography, videography, art and coding. Free and open to everyone, everyday—kids, parents, educators, entrepreneurs, and more.” Ahrendts goes on to say what every fanboy and girl out there already knows as Steve Jobs’ gospel: “At Apple, we believe that people with passion can change the world. In an era of social everything, we want to spark possibility and opportunity in the creative arts, in real life, person to person. Across our almost 500 stores through our 60,000 incredible employees impacting their local communities.” The goal, says Ahrendts, is to turn every Apple Store into a town square where people with similar interests can gather and share ideas and experiences. The message then sends readers to the Today at Apple site where you can plug in your local store and pull up a list of activities at each venue. Besides offering things like workshops like editing classes for the Mac and adding voice-over to your iPhone video, the initiative offers new sessions to learn and share ideas about using iPads for hearing loss and finding creative ways to store those billions of old photos you’ve got on your iPhone 7. The stores will also offer special classes for kids and for businesses. Every single store will offer a Kid’s Hour every Saturday morning. At the Apple Store in Walnut Creek this afternoon, for example, you can join others on a “Photo Walk: Framing Architecture and Details.” In fact, this weekend every Apple Store on the planet will be offering photo walks, too. And stores will also offer Studio Hours, which are open work sessions where users can come in and get help from trained staff and other Apple customers with their personal projects. “Discover a new angle on photographing buildings, monuments, architectural details, and structures,” says the pitch. “Bring your iPhone or iPad and we’ll share techniques for composing your shot, and show you how to consider light and shadow to emphasize details and lines. Wear comfortable shoes and bring only what you need—including a fully charged device.” The program is not completely new by any means – for years, Apple has offered classes and speakers inside many of its stores, with some of the larger locations equipped with spacious classrooms. But with Today at Apple, the Cupertino tech giant is jumping even higher onto a social-networking bandwagon that everyone from Google (“Google Groups allows you to create and participate in online forums and email-based groups with a rich experience for community conversations.”) to Facebook (“Whether it’s a road trip, a bachelor party, or your concert bucket list, groups make it easy to coordinate with friends near and far. Share documents, project updates, poll your team for feedback. A group lets you communicate in one searchable space.”) Even Airbnb has joined the fray with its “Experiences” which allow guests to join others and do communal activities in different cities around the world. ______________________________________________________________ Cupertino, California — Apple today announced plans to launch dozens of new educational sessions next month in all 495 Apple stores ranging in topics from photo and video to music, coding, art and design and more. The hands-on sessions, collectively called “Today at Apple,” will be led by highly-trained team members, and in select cities world-class artists, photographers and musicians, teaching sessions from basics and how-to lessons to professional-level programs. “At the heart of every Apple Store is the desire to educate and inspire the communities we serve,” said Angela Ahrendts, Apple’s senior vice president, Retail. “‘Today at Apple’ is one of the ways we’re evolving our experience to better serve local customers and entrepreneurs. We’re creating a modern-day town square, where everyone is welcome in a space where the best of Apple comes together to connect with one another, discover a new passion, or take their skill to the next level. We think it will be a fun and enlightening experience for everyone who joins.” ______________________________________________________________ Tags:  Apple Regional Retail Technology Patrick May Patrick May is an award-winning writer for the Bay Area News Group working with the business desk as a general assignment reporter. Over his 34 years in daily newspapers, he has traveled overseas and around the nation, covering wars and natural disasters, writing both breaking news stories and human-interest features. He has won numerous national and regional writing awards during his years as a reporter, 17 of them spent at the Miami Herald. Follow Patrick May @patmaymerc Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular IBM tells remote employees to get back to the office Fire causes burn injuries at Google’s big conference in Mountain View Kiran Pabla jogging death: Street racer gets year in jail Santa Clara leaders ‘disappointed’ the U2 concert blew curfew Zaza Pachulia can travel to San Antonio: Judge denies restraining order Curry, teammates reassure Pachulia anticipating hostile San Antonio reception Three Warriors named to All-NBA teams, but they wanted four Mullin: Curry operating at a historic level in playoffs More in Business Will new state refinery safety rule save lives, prevent toxic releases? May 18, 2017, 8:26 pm California officials say new rule is most protective of refinery workers and neighbors in the nation Tesla workers raise concerns as production set to jump May 18, 2017, 7:48 pm Tesla workers continue to raise concerns over factory conditions. CEO Elon Musk says the company has improved its safety record. Uber tackles trucking with launch of new Uber Freight app May 18, 2017, 4:23 pm The new app, which will connect truck drivers with companies looking to ship goods, is Uber’s latest expansion beyond its original ride-hailing service. Palo Alto: Buena Vista Mobile Home Park is saved May 18, 2017, 5:44 pm Santa Clara County Supervisor Joe Simitian, who had long championed the effort to save the park, called it a “great, great day,” adding that the agreement is a successful resolution that preserves more than 100 units of “desperately needed affordable housing,” prevents evictions of low-income residents and gives the property owner a fair shake. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Stripes and spots Why would you use Android in an Apple ecosystem? By Mike Tanasychuk Thursday, May 18, 2017 at 9:00 am EDT 16 Comments Android devices mixing with Apple devices? Stripes and spots? But why? The line between iPhone and Android has long been firm and clear, but it's very slowly starting to blur. Google's working on an Assistant app for iPhone. The G Suite of apps is available for iPhone and iPad. Macs, at the end of the day, are just computers that can communicate with all manner of devices. Still, why would you use Android with an Apple ecosystem? Wouldn't it be better if everything worked together? Maybe. But I use a Samsung Galaxy S8 with an iMac, iPad, and Apple TV. Here's why you might want to get a little Android in your Apple. Cost Choice G Suite is superior to iCloud Best of both worlds AirDroid Cost First and foremost, price is one of the biggest motivators when it comes to purchasing tech. Apple's devices come at a premium, especially when you consider the Android alternatives. While iPads are arguably the best tablets on the market, there are decent tablets you can get for a fraction of the cost. When it comes to smartwatches, again, Apple Watch is probably the best available, but there are cheaper Android options. And when it comes to phones, forget about it. There are a ton of excellent, inexpensive Android phones available. Hell, even some premium Android phones, like the OnePlus 3T, are available for half the cost of some iPhone models (the OnePlus 3T is $439). Best cheap Android phones Best cheap Android tablets Choice There are so many more android devices available from so many more brands. If you like the idea of choosing your phone or your tablet or TV box, Android affords you that luxury. I switched back to Android phones because I simply got tired of the cookie cutter experience (among other things). If I get sick of my Galaxy S8's UI in a few months, guess what — I can change its look and it's like having a new phone (in essence). Best Android phone Best Android tablet G Suite is superior to iCloud Come at me, bro! Kidding, chill out. I think Google's suite of apps is better than iCloud. That's my preference (and the empirical truth! JK), but it might ring true for many folks. You get 15GB of free storage, Google's apps work on just about any platform with a web browser, the interface is pleasant and relatively simple to learn, and you can communicate with each app via Google Assistant (again, coming to iOS in the near future). Many Apple users are perfectly happy with iCloud, and that's dynamite. Just know that if you do decide to implement an Android device, you have an excellent alternative. And if you have a Gmail account, then you have G Suite. (Yeah, yeah, yeah, Slides sucks compared to Keynote.) Gmail: Everything you need to know! Best of both worlds If you're like I was and just kind of sick of the same old Apple, then adding an Android device (be it a tablet, phone, or Android TV box) might just be the very thing that keeps you using Apple products. Having the best of both worlds might keep you from wondering what you're missing and completely jumping ship. You can also get many apps that are specific to each platform on the other. There's an Apple Music app for Android, Google apps for iOS, and more. The best of Android AirDroid Yeah, Android devices don't always play well with Apple devices, but AirDroid makes life a lot easier. It lets your Android phone or tablet interact with your Mac in almost the same way your iPhone does. You can even send and receive SMS, and you can mirror your Android device's screen onto your Mac. It also makes transferring files from your Android device to your Mac way easier. The best part is that it's free. Learn more Hey, it beats Windows Shots fired. mic drop Reader comments Why would you use Android in an Apple ecosystem? 16 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating dan_rice_92 The irony is that right now the Samsung S8 is more expensive than the iPhone 7, at least at the T-Mobile where I work. Otherwise, I don't care about getting themes and app launchers. I see the iCloud/Gsuite complaints, I guess (certainly for email), although outside of the 5 GB storage issue being a nuisance, I disagree that iCloud "doesn't work." It's not perfect, but Apple made some huge improvements with iOS 10. I feel like I get prompted for my login info like 1/10 as often as I did on iOS 9. Of course, I'm also unusual to some degree in that my desktop and documents on my Mac are in iCloud Drive (since I know Dropbox and Google Drive are the popular options here), but setup was dead simple and I don't have to think about it, which is how technology should work to begin with. I don't know. I've thought about trying a Pixel just to see if the grass is greener over there, but switching all of my stuff off of iCloud and iMessage seems like a big hassle to be able to move app icons around differently. 0 15 hours ago Reply BeyondtheTech I'd like to expand on that "G Suite is superior to iCloud" notion. Most iOS users know that the free 5GB of iCloud is not even enough to hold a device backup, let alone keep a decent amount of pictures in the cloud for Photo Stream or the iCloud Photo Library (and try explaining the difference to a non-tech-savvy person). HOWEVER, while you get 15GB of free Google Drive, you can opt for UNLIMITED cloud storage for photos or videos. Granted, photos and videos will be downsampled (correct me if I'm wrong) to 16 megapixels and 1080p resolution, but that's a far cry from literally being forced into spending for the monthly cost of iCloud. On top of that, since it's all cloud-based, you are no longer subject to storing a huge Photos library file on your Mac. I used to knock out nearly a 100GB chunk out of every MacBook I bought, just because of that huge photo library, and now with everything stored in the cloud on Google Photos, that precious SSD space is free for other uses. Last but not least, the Google Photos Uploader for Mac is a great way to converge photos from everyone in your family into one huge online library. Since Apple doesn't give a way to receive multiple Photo Streams into a single Photos library, you're stuck making multiple, separate libraries, each that have to be tied into the iCloud account on its own macOS profile. Very messy. Simply use the Google Photos app on iOS or install the Google Photos Uploader on the Mac, and photos shot on each iOS or Android device will eventually, automatically be thrown into one Google Photos library. 0 14 hours ago Reply mrkeynes I'll stick with my all Apple devices 0 14 hours ago Reply emjayess Ahhh.....no. I don't use anything by google--not even search. Why not? Their business model. The poor aesthetics of their products and user interface. The superiority of Apple devices and the ecosystem. 0 14 hours ago Reply Emeroid Apple still use Google analytics. Apple had Google search. Apple use Youtube regularly. If you really had the courage of your convictions you’d avoid them too? 0 13 hours ago Reply emjayess Don't be silly. I pay my taxes but can't withhold the percentage for bombs and corporate welfare and only pay for roads and bridges etc. 0 12 hours ago Reply returnmyjedi Since they implemented Material design, Google's products are far more aesthetically and ergonomically pleasing than Apple's. Just compare the usability of Gmail with the Mail app, or Play Music with Apple Music 0 11 hours ago Reply emjayess No, they're not. Already did, and no. 0 5 hours ago Reply ernestswhite I tend to joke with a friend of mine, who is a self professed “Google *****”, that the one thing about Google is ironically you can get one of the best Google experiences via IOS. The caveat is are you more concerned with Google or Android because then you’re talking about two different things. If it’s just Google then put their Apps on your iOS device and keep it moving but if you want the Android system itself it’s a different conversation. With respect to iCloud I personally have never had any issues, my info syncs with no problem, handoff works for me, universal copy and paste are a godsend, and family sharing is indispensable, so I’m not sure if it’s something others are doing wrong or something I’m doing right. Cloud storage is really more of a case by case because if you’re a day to day user who’s only camera is their phone and Instagram is your only means of taking photos then cool, but as an amateur photographer with almost a TB photo library by itself, that’s a lot of non-iPhone pics and while a 2MP compression might not sound like much, it is if I ever had to re-download my library from the cloud, whereas with iCloud photo library I didn’t have that issue. In that case I get what I’m paying for. Just my two cents. 0 14 hours ago Reply Moodyz Agree about the pathetic 5GB on iCloud. It's especially unfair to people who've bought multiple devices from Apple. If someone buys a new iPhone every two years and a new Mac every four years, he/she really deserves an upgraded iCloud storage plan at no additional cost. 0 12 hours ago Reply rchapman80 I recently left an iPhone for a Samsung s8+. I was tired of the cookie cutter environment and wanted to go back to Android. There is nothing wrong with ethier platform and I enjoyed my time on both but even the continuity between my Macbook Pro, iPad, Apple TV and Watch weren't enough to make we want to stick with iPhone. I feel the innovation is stagnant within Apple. I can be proven wrong with the iPhone 8 but lets stop speculating how it is going to be the BEST PHONE EVER and see what they actually present. I feel the though process about their products and services are antiquated. I mean 5GB in iCloud storage? Come on. I couldn't keep my iPad and iPhone backed up much less store any photos. I will more than likely never use a computer that is not a MacBook. I love the operating system, the battery life, the look and build quality but I'll lean more to Android when it come time for a new phone or my current one. Oh, and the unlimited photo storage is awesome. Yes they downgrade it slightly but in my case I keep a backup on site with a large NAS box. It's nice to know that if my house burns down, I get robbed or so on, that I have those photos somewhere where I'm not paying to store almost 20 years of my life in photos. 0 12 hours ago Reply tnt4 iMessage is the one thing keeping me on an iPhone. And I'm not even engulfed in Apple's ecosystem. But my life becomes significantly harder (ok, we're talking first world significance here :P ) when I'm not using iMessage because literally every important person or group in my life uses it - both work and personal. I wish I could break free of it... 0 10 hours ago Reply rchapman80 iMessage is the one thing I miss from my iPhone. Just like you 95% of my friends and family are on iMessage, that includes my wife. Airdroid at least covers me with messaging from my PC (work) and MacBook (Home). 0 10 hours ago Reply tnt4 I try to switch every now and then. But I always end up back. Things like video / image sharing apart from iMessage are pretty paltry. And group messages with coworkers get all messed up. I prefer Android, but these are communication devices, and if switching hinders communication... Maybe at some point my coworkers and I can all get on something like Slack or Group.Me or something like that. 0 10 hours ago Reply rchapman80 I've never really had any issue with group messaging but man are you right about sharing images / video. The cell networks downgrade our pictures and videos when we send them to each other. iMessage always gave the full image / file. I do miss that. Airdrop between my wife and I are probably the second missed feature on my list. 0 9 hours ago Reply Ziich47 This is a very niche solution it s definitely not for everyone. It works for me so that's all I care about 0 0 sec ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf How to Set Up a VPN on Kodi and Why You Should Security Entertainment How to Set Up a VPN on Kodi and Why You Should Christian Cawley 7 New Windows 10 Features You May Have Missed Windows 7 New Windows 10 Features You May Have Missed Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Make Your Amazon Echo (Dot) Portable With a Battery Buying Guides Smart Home Make Your Amazon Echo (Dot) Portable With a Battery Moe Long May 18, 2017 18-05-2017 7 minutes Make Your Amazon Echo (Dot) Portable With a Battery Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Amazon’s Echo Dot crunches the Echo down into a compact package. On top of that, with a battery, you can make your Amazon Echo portable! You just need a special battery — but which battery should you get? What’s the Amazon Echo Dot? It’s a smaller version of the Amazon Echo. With its Alexa capabilities, the Amazon Dot is excellent for everything from music playback All the Ways to Play Music Using Your Amazon Echo All the Ways to Play Music Using Your Amazon Echo The Amazon Echo is capable of doing a lot of different things, but its most obvious skill is playing music. Here are all the ways to listen to music through your Amazon Echo. Read More to finding a lost phone How to Find a Lost Phone With an Amazon Echo How to Find a Lost Phone With an Amazon Echo If you ever lose your phone, you can use this app in conjunction with Amazon Echo to locate it on demand no matter where it is. Read More . It’s even a great means of ordering takeout Alexa Can Now Order Takeout From Amazon Alexa Can Now Order Takeout From Amazon You can now order a takeaway meal from Amazon Restaurants using nothing other than Alexa and your own voice. Which is perfect for those people who are too lazy to cook. Read More . Because cooking is way too hard, and even ordering takeout can be taxing with its requirement of looking up a phone number, picking up the phone, and dialing. The smart device compares to Google Home- and Apple Siri-enabled gadgets Amazon Echo vs. Google Home vs. Apple's Competitor Amazon Echo vs. Google Home vs. Apple's Competitor In this article, you'll learn the differences between the Amazon Echo and Google Home. We'll also take a look at what features an Apple speaker may include. Read More . It’s also small enough to make it portable, although you need a battery to use it wirelessly. Which Type of Batteries to Get There are two main varieties of batteries for making a portable Amazon Echo Dot: battery packs and backup batteries. Amazon sells a portable Alexa-enabled speaker in its Amazon Tap. However, third-party battery packs transform the Echo Dot into a portable speaker. But there’s another option: simply use any USB battery pack. Using a proprietary Echo Dot battery case lends a streamlined profile. Yet opting for the USB battery pack option allows for greater device compatibility. Unlike with the Echo Tap, a USB battery pack can be used with most devices that charge with a USB cable. For a truly portable version, you may instead prefer the Amazon Tap. However, there are several key differences in the Amazon Echo, Dot, and Tap Amazon Echo vs. Dot vs. Tap: What Are the Key Differences? Amazon Echo vs. Dot vs. Tap: What Are the Key Differences? One common complaint against Amazon Echo was that it had too many features and cost too much. Amazon's response to that? Releasing two variations with smaller price tags: the Tap and the Echo Dot. Read More . Amazon Echo devices are pretty useful. Although Alexa voice assistant features may be the most touted, you can pair your Amazon Echo devices You Can Now Pair Your Amazon Echo to Bluetooth Speakers You Can Now Pair Your Amazon Echo to Bluetooth Speakers The Amazon Echo is a smart device in more ways than one. However, one thing the Echo hasn't been able to do is pair with a Bluetooth speaker. Until now. Read More for better sound. Proprietary Echo Dot Battery Bases 1. Fremo Evo ($37) Image Credit: Amazon The Fremo Evo is a battery base designed specifically for the Amazon Echo Dot. It attaches to the Echo Dot using a magnet. Even so, the Fremo Evo remains interference-free. For power, you’ll find a 5200 mAh LG battery cell for six hours of continuous use. Users noted that the Fremo Evo will require a recharge after about six hours of either use or standby. Even in “standby,” the Amazon Echo Dot is still listening with Alexa enabled. In its review, CNET praised the Fremo Evo for its solid battery life. Additionally, CNET commented that the Fremo Evo provides an affordable add-on to the base Echo Dot. Yet CNET admitted that the Fremo Evo sacrifices design to portability. The Evo isn’t as clean and streamlined as the vanilla Echo Dot. Still, it’s a functional, sensible means of achieving a plug-free Alexa experience. Pros Great battery life (6 hours) Portable Alexa Interference-free magnetic design Cons Only for Amazon Echo Dot Not as uniform as vanilla Echo Dot Loses charge even in standby (not a fault of the device but the Dot) 2. Smatree Portable Battery Base ($43) Image Credit: Amazon Smatree makes its portable battery base and protective cover for the second-generation Amazon Echo Dot. Whereas the Fremo Evo employs a 5200mAh battery, the Smatree Echo Dot battery base steps it up to 6800mAh. Since it’s a higher battery capacity, the Smatree base allows for 13 hours of use. Further, Amazon reviewers praised the Smatree Echo Dot for its form factor and solid grip. The Smatree Amazon Echo Dot battery base offers a protective cover as well. Moreover, according to reviews, the Smatree Echo Dot battery holds the Dot better than the Fremo Evo. Unfortunately, the Smatree only comes in black. So for owners of the white Echo Dot, the case won’t look very uniform. Ultimately, with its enhanced protection and battery life, the Smatree portable battery base for the 2nd generation Echo Dot is an excellent addition to a portable Echo Dot solution. Pros Excellent battery life (about 13 hours) Portable Alexa Protective cover Cons Only compatible with second-generation Echo Dot Not available in white 3. YutaoZ Charging Battery Base ($48) Image Credit: Amazon YutaoZ makes its charging battery base for the Amazon Echo Dot. Whereas the Smatree battery base only works with the 2nd generation Echo Dot, the YutaoZ boasts backward compatibility. Plus, it includes skins for your Dot in a smattering of colors including black, white, blue, gold, and silver. Despite its form factor which caters to the Amazo Echo Dot, the USB port allows charging of any devices. Therefore, you may use the YutaoZ as a universal battery pack. However, it’s a bit cumbersome as a mere battery pack. Additionally, the battery base attaches sing tape. Sure, it’s removable. But this might deter some users who wish to keep their Dot tape-free. So while you can use it to charge an Android, iPhone, or other USB charged device, it’s tough to recommend for non-Echo Dot owners. Nevertheless, its versatility makes the YutaoZ Amazon Echo Dot charger a great pick. Pros Versatility (uses USB standard) Includes skins for Echo Dot Compatible with 1st and 2nd gen. Amazon Echo Dot Good battery life (about 6 hours) Cons Average battery life Attaches to Echo Dot with tape USB Battery Packs 4. Poweradd Slim 2 5000mAh Portable Power Bank ($11) Image Credit: Amazon While you can find fantastic Echo Dot-specific bases, a portable USB charger is a viable option. Unlike most of the Echo Dot proprietary chargers, a standard USB battery pack offers increased flexibility. It’s compatible with more devices. The Poweradd Slim 2 5000mAh portable power bank is an awesome choice. With its compact cylindrical form factor, the Poweradd Slim 2 packs juice into a device that’s actually portable. Its 5000mAh capacity is fantastic, especially at such a low price point. LEDs display the available charge. While charging devices uses a USB port, the Poweradd itself charges with a Micro-USB. Unfortunately, the supplied Micro-USB cable is pretty short. But its inclusion of LEDs which show battery life, pocket-friendly size, low price point, and great battery life make the Poweradd Slim 2 an amazing Amazon Echo Dot portable battery solution. Finally, the Poweradd arrives in an array of colors. Notably, the GRDE solar charger flashlight and 15000mAh solar power bank is a similarly priced alternative. While it’s a bit more expensive, the GRDE offers triple the charging capacity, as well as solar charging, dual USBs, and a flashlight. Pros Pocket-sized 5000mAh battery capacity Fast charging LEDs show charge level Charges using Micro-USB cable Cons Not specifically for the Echo Dot Short included Micro-USB cable 5. Nekteck 20,000 mAh Power Bank ($30) Image Credit: Amazon Nekteck makes a 20,000 mAh power bank. It’s among the largest power banks available. Dual USB ports further set the Nekteck apart. Like the Poweradd, the Nekteck charges with Micro-USB. A premium device, the Nekteck includes a three-in-one cord: there’s a 30-pin cable, lightning cable, and Micro-USB. You can even use this to charge two devices simultaneously. The Nekteck earns bonus points as an Echo Dot battery pack option. First off, with two USB ports, the Nekteck can charge your Amazon Echo Dot and another device at the same time. Plus, its 20,000 mAh capacity is one of the best available. However, the Nekteck is decidedly larger and less pocket-friendly than smaller capacity battery chargers like the Poweradd Slim 2. Unless you’re wearing cargo shorts. But that’s a minor complaint when considering its superb battery life and dual device charging. Notably, EC Technology makes its 22,400 mAh power bank. The EC Technology offering comes equipped with an LED flashlight and triple LED charging. Like the Nekteck, it’s fairly bulky. However, its combination of power and features makes the Ec Technology battery bank a solid contender. Pros Dual USB 20,000 mAh battery capacity Three-in-one charging cable Charges with Micro-USB Cons Bulky 6. Poweradd Pilot Pro3 30,000 mAh Power Bank ($40) Image Credit: Amazon Like the Slim 2, the Poweradd Pilot Pro3 offers an excellent value. The whopping 30,000 mAh battery capacity comes with triple charging action from its three USB outputs. For faster charging of the Pilot Pro3, you’ll find dual Micro-USB inputs. Moreover, the maximum output of 4.2A means you can handle simultaneous device charging with ease. With five stars on over 60 reviews on Amazon, it’s difficult to find a complaint about the Poweradd Pilot Pro3. Yet it’s a hefty charger. So while it’s great for portability insofar as maintaining a charged and functioning Echo Dot, it’s a lot to tote. Charging can take a while, though if you use its dual Micro-USB inputs charging goes much faster. Pros Triple charging 30,000 mAh battery capacity Dual Micro-USB charging inputs Cons Bulky Can take a while to charge Final Thoughts on Amazon Echo (Dot) Batteries Which battery option you choose for making your Amazon Echo Dot portable depends on your needs and use. If you plan to use your battery pack primarily with an Amazon Echo Dot, I suggest snagging an Amazon Echo Dot-specific charger. But if you mainly want the option to use your Echo Dot on the go and value versatility over specificity, then a universal portable charger is the way to go. Once you’ve selected a means of taking your Amazon Echo Dot anywhere, try these creative uses for an Amazon Echo 7 Creative Uses for Amazon Echo and Alexa 7 Creative Uses for Amazon Echo and Alexa You’ve seen the ads starring Alec Baldwin, but you're still not sure what Amazon Echo does or whether you need one in your home. We’re about to find out. Read More such as controlling your smart devices and playing music. What solutions are you using to make your Amazon Echo Dot portable? Previous Post4 Apple HomeKit Compatible Products You Never Knew You Needed 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Moe Long 61 articles Moe Long is a writer and editor covering everything from tech to entertainment. He earned an English B.A. from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, where he was a Robertson Scholar. In addition to MUO, he has been featured in htpcBeginner, Bubbleblabber, The Penny Hoarder, Tom's IT Pro,… Advertisement Latest Giveaways The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) Teclast X5 Pro Review and Giveaway Teclast X5 Pro Review and Giveaway Chuwi Hi13 Tablet Review and Giveaway Chuwi Hi13 Tablet Review and Giveaway Advertisement Trending How to Set Up a VPN on Kodi and Why You Should Security Entertainment How to Set Up a VPN on Kodi and Why… Microsoft Is Bringing Linux Distros to Windows 10 Tech News Linux Microsoft Is Bringing Linux Distros to Windows 10 7 New Windows 10 Features You May Have Missed Windows 7 New Windows 10 Features You May Have Missed Advertisement Related Articles 10 Tools to Create Incredible Shareable Social Media Images Social Media Creative 10 Tools to Create Incredible Shareable Social Media Images Windows vs. Linux: Here’s What They Have in Common Windows Linux Windows vs. Linux: Here’s What They Have in Common 6 Amazon Echo (Dot) Alternatives With Better Features Buying Guides Smart Home 6 Amazon Echo (Dot) Alternatives With Better Features Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Tim Cook is testing Apple’s glucose tracker prototype on his body Christian Zibreg on May 18, 2017 0 Apple’s chief executive Tim Cook was spotted around Apple’s campus wearing a non-invasive glucose tracker prototype on his body, CNBC said Thursday. A mystery device was connected to his Apple Watch. He’s been test-driving this rumored accessory to understand how his blood sugar responds to factors like food and exercise, according to the report. This is yet another hint at Apple’s interest in non-invasive and continuous glucose monitoring, an effort described as a holy grail for treating diabetes and life sciences. “A source said that Cook was wearing a prototype glucose-tracker on Apple Watch, which points to future applications that would make the device a must have for millions of people with diabetes—or at risk for the disease,” reads the report. The news adds context to Cook’s comment made in February at the University of Glasgow, where he received an honorary degree. “I’ve been wearing a continuous glucose monitor for a few weeks,” he told a roomful of students. “I just took it off before coming on this trip.” While Cook did not say if the medical device he had been wearing was an Apple prototype, this now seems perfectly plausible. Companies like Medtronic and Dexcom sell iPhone-connected health accessories for tracking blood sugar levels, invasively. Cook also spoke about the struggles faced by people with diabetes: It’s mentally anguishing to stick yourself many times a day to check your blood sugar. There is lots of hope out there that if someone has constant knowledge of what they’re eating, they can instantly know what causes the response… and that they can adjust well before they become diabetic. CNBC reported a month ago that Apple had hired a small group of dedicated biomedical engineers to develop advanced sensors that would monitor blood sugar levels non-invasively. This team is allegedly working from a nondescript office in Palo Alto, miles from Apple’s corporate headquarters, reporting directly to Johny Srouji, Senior Vice President of Hardware Technologies who joined Apple back in 2008. Apple’s non-invasive diabetes treatment technology may not require all-new Apple Watch hardware with additional sensors. According to BGR, Apple is working on smart bands for Apple Watch that would contain sensors for measuring blood sugar levels non-invasively. This may actually be a good idea because each Apple Watch features a diagnostic port with six pins, meaning Apple could simply release smart bands for existing Apple Watch models as there’s already a path for data flow between the watch and the smart band. Tagged: Apple Apple Watch Health News Rumors Sensors MORE FROM iDB BGR: Next Apple Watch to use smart bands for game-changing diabetes treatment tech Apple’s been secretly developing non-invasive sensors to monitor blood sugar levels FDA emails reaffirm Apple may be developing a pair of cardiac monitoring devices Featured Latest Daily Deals: $25 off Xbox Live, $80 off Logitech gaming headset, and more Choose any 12 out of these premium apps for only $19.99 Deadpool, Prometheus, and other iTunes movies on sale right now Wallpapers of the week: yellow inspiration Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCVertically, MusicMoreColumns, WAStatusVolume, & more… Jailbreak Guide: Can I jailbreak? Daily Deals: $25 off Xbox Live, $80 off Logitech gaming headset, and more Tim Cook is testing Apple’s glucose tracker prototype on his body Apple’s free app of the week: Eggggg – The Platform Puker Windows 10 is getting fully customizable Control Center Things 3 is out with overhauled interface and multiple new features Jailbreak News Customize the look and behavior of Notification Center with Lace IconCert lets you know when your Yalu certificate expires NCWallCustomizer enables custom wallpapers in Notification Center Add the Dock to the Today view with this handy tweak This tweak masks your iPhone’s Personal Hotspot password Apps Apple’s free app of the week: Eggggg – The Platform Puker Things 3 is out with overhauled interface and multiple new features Futurama: Worlds of Tomorrow coming to iOS, will contain some entirely new episodes Add the Dock to the Today view with this handy tweak Google Photos launching automatically curated albums, photo books & sharing suggestions Accessories Showdown: who has the best suction car mount? Spigen, iOttie, or Tackform? BGR: Next Apple Watch to use smart bands for game-changing diabetes treatment tech Philips expands Hue smart lighting with new bulbs, fixtures and table lamps Satechi’s new hub gives your MacBook Pro ports for USB, 4K HDMI, SD/microSD & more Bloomberg: Apple employees are testing rumored Siri smart speaker at home Deals Cybersecurity Certification Mega Bundle for $69 RA4W VPN: Lifetime Subscription for $19 XXL Shower Speaker for $19 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search 🌹 🏅 ⌚️ 12 Bands to Rock on Your Rose Gold Apple Watch By Cella Lao Rousseau Thursday, May 18, 2017 at 11:00 am EDT 0 Comments CALLING ALL ROSE GOLD ADDICTS: Here are the best watch bands that'll make your rose gold Apple Watch #POP. If you're really looking to show off your love of rose gold, then why not go all out? Here are 12 radical watch bands to rock with your rose gold Apple Watch! 1. Party on the sides, business in the clasp Get it? Like a mullet? But cooler? And on your wrist? … And not at all like a mullet? 2. O U FANCY, HUH? If you're someone who's a big, big fan of serious glitz and glamour, then take a peek at this Apple Watch band. 3. Berry + rose gold = match made in heaven As it was tweeted: #Hallelujah 4. Pearls pearls pearls … Did we mention that pearls go beautifully with your rose gold Apple Watch? 5. It's all about dem details, dahling~ Try saying "dem details dahling" 5 times fast. 6. POP-O-PINK! Oh. Em. Gee. So. Much. Pink. Seriously, though, pink compliments rose gold incredibly well, so this watch band is a great option for day-to-day wear. 7. Keep it subtle with a rose gold buckle … Did that rhyme? I really wanted that to rhyme... 8. O U CLASSY, HUH? The Milanese loop look is a classic option, but when it's in rose gold, it's, like, 40 times better. 9. La-la-la-leather Okay but for real, how beautiful is this soft pink leather watch band? What a perfect partner for your rose gold Apple Watch! 10. Business-appropriate (with a POP of rose) Mix business with pleasure and go for this stainless steel rose gold Apple Watch band. 11. Keep it pretty 'n' pink Pink/rose band? Check. Rose gold buckle? Double check. 12. Alright, so it isn't a watch band, but isn't it AWESOME?! Seriously, isn't it?! Bye bye, watch bands, hello rose gold Apple Watch necklaces! Apple Watch watchOS 3 review Apple Watch Series 2 review Apple Watch buyers guide Apple Watch users guide Apple Watch news Apple Watch discussion Buy at Apple Reader comments 12 Bands to Rock on Your Rose Gold Apple Watch 0 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
GSMArena.com Tip us 868k 130k 87k 212k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Video Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact Cutting corners... Like a pro LG G6 review - - - Google redesigns emoji (again) for Android O Post your comment Comments (16) Prasad 18 May 2017 Google Android If there is one thing you can be sure of to find in a new version of Android now, it's a new set of emoji. Back with Nougat, Google redesigned the entire set with a more refined version of the gumdrop emoji that it introduced with Android 4.4 and has been altering ever since. The redesign in 7.0 made the facial expressions more in line with what Apple is doing with the iOS emoji set, which is the most popular and commonly used one at the moment. Android O goes one step further and drops the gumdrop shape entirely in favor of completely round emoji set that look even more like Apple's set. Emojipedia had an exclusive look at some of the emoji we can expect to see in the final version of Android O, including support for Emoji 5.0 that include new emoji from Unicode 10.0. The main change here is to the yellow faces, which now have a fully circular design that closely mimics the Apple and the original Unicode design. While the current gumdrops definitely have some fans, they were largely an outlier in an otherwise circular world of emoji, with everybody else sticking to the circular design. The change to a circular design should make them look more uniform with less loss in translation when sent between devices belonging to different platform or even different manufacturers within Android itself. The new designs have more shading and textures to them, with shadow effect giving them a three dimensional look that is somewhere between the more pronounced 3D look of Apple's set and something more flat like Microsoft or Twitter set. The couple of designs that are revealed look closer to Apple's set than any of the others. Android O also includes other redesigned emoji but the differences here don't seem stark, at least in the few that are available to us right now. What is cool, however, is that Android O will have Unicode 10 support, so emoji like Face with Hand Over Mouth, Starstruck, and Vomiting will be available, possibly before anybody else. Another interesting thing that Google is introducing with Android O is the EmojiCompat support library for app developers, that will let them include the library within their app so that the developer can ensure their app will always be able to display all the latest emoji that may be available in a newer version of Android. This means you will no longer have to wait for your phone to get that new Android update to get all the new emoji in your favorite messenger app, provided the app developer has implemented this library. Source 1  Source 2 Related articles Google Drive's Quick Access feature to be available on Web client soon Android Pay to be available in five more markets, including Canada and Russia Google joins hands with Lenovo and HTC for a standalone Daydream VR headset More than 82 billion apps were installed from Google Play in 2016 Reader comments omgitsdesmond NYA7 47 minutes ago finally!!!!! most of these android emoji don't make sense at all Reply Anonymous 7AcQ 10 hours ago Android ui is so damn ugly. Good thing for customization! Android user BTW :) Reply LG superfan KI@% 11 hours ago Finally get rid of those yellow bloobs Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 16 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Samsung Galaxy S8 81,068 2. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 57,163 3. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 55,412 4. Xiaomi Redmi 4 (China) 54,141 5. Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) 48,905 6. Xiaomi Redmi 4a 47,582 7. Xiaomi Mi 6 43,482 8. Samsung Galaxy S8+ 43,198 9. Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) 39,479 10. Apple iPhone 6 35,427 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 2,179 2. OnePlus 3 1,686 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,674 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,646 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,524 6. HTC 10 1,456 7. LG G5 1,222 8. Samsung Galaxy S8 1,115 9. OnePlus 3T 868 10. Xiaomi Mi Mix 866 Home News Reviews Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2017 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Apple's core values Tim Cook talks accessibility in trio of new interviews By Joseph Keller Thursday, May 18, 2017 at 10:25 am EDT 0 Comments Apple CEO Tim Cook recently sat down for a trio of interviews with different YouTubers, where they discussed accessibility and its importance to Apple. Cook talked about how accessibility features intersect with Apple's goal of making technology for everyone. The interviews, which mark Global Accessibility Awareness Day, were conducted by James Rath, Rikki Poynter, and Tatiana Lee at Apple's campus at Infinite Loop. In James Rath's interview, Cook and Rath discuss different features available for the blind and visually impaired and what accessibility features Cook uses himself: Rikki Poynter and Cook talked about accessibility options for the deaf, Apple's Clips app, and the Pokémon to be found in the cafe on Apple's campus. For her interview, Tatiana Lee shot the entire thing on her iPhone 7, and edited it in Clips. The two talked about fitness, the wheelchair support on the Apple Watch, and workout music. When you have time, be sure to check out all three interviews. They offer a different perspective on the technology we use every day that many of us don't experience. Reader comments Tim Cook talks accessibility in trio of new interviews 0 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search For everyone Accessibility Now By Rene Ritchie Thursday, May 18, 2017 at 12:30 pm EDT 0 Comments Rene Ritchie has been covering the personal technology industry for almost a decade. Editorial Director at Mobile Nations, analyst at iMore, video and podcast host, you can follow him @reneritchie on Snapchat, Instagram, and Twitter. Not because it's easy or profitable but because it's the right thing to do. It's Global Accessibility Awareness Day (#GAAD) and Apple is using the occaision to highlight just how fundemental and important the technology is — for everyone. That includes the new videos embedded below, as well as new interviews with Apple CEO, Tim Cook. Thanks @JamesRath @PintSzDiva @RikkiPoynter for visiting Apple for #GAAD! Great conversations about the importance of accessibility. pic.twitter.com/APg8J3LRvY— Tim Cook (@tim_cook) May 18, 2017 Apple's commitment to accessibility, though, is nothing new. At the yearly keynotes where Apple introduces new versions of iOS, the company has repeatedly made sure to feature accessibility on stage and in video. Apple has been honored with the Hellen Keller Achievement Award for VoiceOver. The company also honored developers with Apple Design Awards for how they implement ccessibility. App Store has regularly run features for Autism Awareness Month, for VoiceOver, and for the anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act. Apple's constant and consistent advocacy and implementation of accessibility is also front and center on apple.com, complete with support section, a public resource page, full documentation for developers, and even a terrific tips and tricks page dedicated to it as well. More than just features The camera is an example of the approach Apple takes to accessibility. Instead of simply scratching it off the list as something those with low or no vision won't use, Apple tries to make it the camera something they can use. To help take pictures, the built-in Camera app uses facial recognition to announce how many people it detects in a shot and even where they're positioned on screen. The Photos app will announce the date a photo was taken, whether it's portrait or landscape, and even whether it's crisp or blurry, low or well lit. That's in addition to Siri voice control, the system-wide VoiceOver technology, built-in Braille support, selection and screen reading, support for descriptive audio, and the plethora of vision enhancement features like inverted colors, black and white, labels, outlines, and more. The latest iPhones even have a mode where, instead of giving you more pixels, they magnify the size of the pixels, effectively showing you an iPhone SE interface scaled up on an iPhone 7 and an iPhone 7 interface scaled up on an iPhone 7 Plus. That can make the entire device easier to read and navigate. For those with low or no hearing, there are options to use the LED Flash for visual alerts, custom vibrations for tactile alerts, close captioning for media, and built-in FaceTime for communicating with sign language. (Because FaceTime has end-to-end encryption, it's even used in therapy for new recipients of cochlear implants.) Motor skills are supported with switch controls that can use the camera or an assistive device for input, as well as custom gestures. There's also AssistiveTouch, which provides virtual, on-screen controls for when hardware buttons aren't accessible enough, and a wide range of customization options for multitouch and Home button input. All of these features not only help those with special needs but children picking up computing for the first time, and seniors whose sight, dexterity, memory, hearing, or other skills are no longer what they used to be. There are a host of other features as well, and more coming with iOS 9 this fall. There's Guided Access for those on the autistic spectrum, and even full, system-wide support for right-to-left languages, because Accessibility is also about making sure everyone is included. Prioritizing accessibility Over the years, a majority of people with accessibility needs have turned towards Apple products in general and iOS-based products in particular. That's an incredible responsibility and one that Apple has to work to maintain and improve every day of every year. In previous years, Apple has showcased the blind enjoying the wilderness for the first time thanks to the iPhone, and back in June they showed kids experiencing music for the first time as a tactile sensation. The company has highlighted messages being spoken, sign language being seen, and communication being enabled for the first time. When Apple Watch was announced, it had accessibility features ready to go at launch. Same with Apple TV. Same with Touch Bar on MacBook Pro. It isn't just that Apple considers accessibility. It's that the company considers it to be table stakes for its product. Not just in abstract terms in some distant and conceptually convenient future — but from day one. No other company has provided as constant and consistent support for accessibility Apple, including driving awareness in the most prominent and public ways possible. It's not magic. It's the result of building it into the corporate culture. It's being willing to invest by having teams whose only job is to ensure the accessibility of the system software and frameworks, and people in the company and community who care enough to propose, approve, and promote accessibility even when it's not, strictly speaking, their job. Accessibility should be a point of pride and something that's highly competitive between companies. Every platform should feature it on stage every year, feature the best apps on every store, participate in national and global campaigns, and do everything possible to make the devices we use every day easier for everyone to use. Accessibility for everyone It's easy to think accessibility only matters for a few people. But the truth is anyone can be injured and need to rely on accessibility features for a period of time. Anyone can trip or fall, hurt an eye or damage hearing. And everyone gets older and needs easier ways to see and interact with our devices. Moreover, making software, hardware, and services more accessible by definition makes them more usable for everyone. Text that is easy to read, buttons that are easy to push, notifications that are easy to feel and hear are easy for *everyone**. There's still a lot of work to do. Everyone, including Apple, especially members of the activity community, will tell you that. Buttons could have more affordance. App Store and iTunes Store could be more accommodating. And the lists go on and on. But I'm confident Apple will prioritize getting there. And that's due to a top-down commitment from executives and an engineering department staffed by people with the very accessibility needs the company is designing to address. One of my favorite Tim Cook quotes comes from an investor meeting in early 2014: When we work on making our devices accessible by the blind, I don't consider the bloody ROI I'd love every company to not just feel this way but to show us in the messaging and their products that they feel this way. Every keynote, every OS release, every new product launch. Ultimately all of this is about making our lives better and very few things make life as far-reachingly better as accessibility. Reader comments Accessibility Now 0 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investors' Soapbox PM Apple’s Nokia Suit More Pressing Than Qualcomm The Nokia litigation carries a risk of blocking infringing products and the initial determination could come in Q4. May 18, 2017 3:07 p.m. ET Wells Fargo Securities In this note, we catalog a comprehensive list of patent litigation that Apple is involved in, key upcoming dates, current status, and a detailed look at what we believe are the most important disputes. While, understandably, the key investor focus continues to be on the iPhone 8 cycle, we believe these legal disputes have the risk of introducing volatility to Apple’s (ticker: AAPL) share price if/when... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Apple’s Nokia Suit More Pressing Than Qualcomm Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Russia-Venezuela Citgo Debt: ‘National Security Issue,’ Mnuchin Says Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Biggest Loser: Cisco Cracks Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Would a President Pence Be Good for Stocks? Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Applied Materials Jumps 5% on FYQ2 Beat, Higher Q3 View Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 YouTube Yet to Win Back Key Advertisers 2 Starbucks' Stock Price Could Heat Up Again 3 Investor Takes on Buffalo Wild Wings Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
_ Macworld Australia MAC iPad iPhone iSnap App Guide Gadget Guide mResell HOME NEWS FEATURES REVIEWS HELP/TIPS BLOGS Mac In Business Communications Productivity Security Workflow FORUM MAGAZINE Digital Subscription Current Issue Back Issues Apple Park: The last great product by Steve Jobs Jason Snell 19 May, 2017 View more articles fromthe author AAA Comments News One of the words I use a lot when reviewing Apple products is opinionated. I firmly believe that great art or design can’t happen without a point of view – and the more you depart from a focused point of view, the more likely a creation will be compromised – workmanlike – good, maybe, but not great. When it’s at its best, Apple strives for greatness. It doesn’t always get there – and every now and then you get the sense it’s not actually trying to get there – but when things are hitting on all cylinders, Apple releases products that are backed by a strong point of view about what will delight and serve its customers. The MacBook, for example, is a product based on a focused vision: That a single port and a slower class of processor are worthy trade-offs for an incredibly thin and light computer with a Retina display. You don’t have to agree with Apple’s take – in the case of the MacBook, the company is practically daring you to disagree – but you can’t deny that it’s an amazing execution of a particular set of priorities. I’ve been thinking about Apple’s approach to products this week because I read Steven Levy’s excellent inside look at the new Apple Park campus for Wired. It’s worth a read; I highly recommend it, if you haven’t dug in yet. Levy’s been covering Apple longer than just about anyone and in great detail. In his story about Apple Park, he suggests that the facility itself is an Apple product – in fact, the last product to truly be conceived of by Steve Jobs. (It’s why the story’s headline, “One More Thing”, is so bittersweet.) Here’s a key section: Apple Park is the architectural avatar of the man who envisioned it, the same man who pushed employees to produce those signature products. In the absence of his rigour and clarity, he left behind a headquarters that embodies both his autobiography and his values. The phrase that keeps coming up in talks with key Apple figures is “Steve’s gift.”… The current leaders of Apple are determined not to disappoint him in what is arguably his biggest, and is certainly his last, product launch. “I revere him,” Cook says. “And this was clearly his vision, his concept. Our biggest project ever.” As detailed by Levy, Apple Park is an Apple product through and through. The company took great care to make design decisions and create custom hardware at many key points – from the massive glass sheets that required the building of a gigantic furnace, to the toilets, to the handles on the doors, to the pizza boxes in the cafeteria. It’s a one-off product designed by Apple for itself, yes, but it seems to have received the same attention to detail as any other major product launch. (In fact, reading Levy’s story, I wondered to myself if some of Apple’s product sluggishness over the last couple of years might be somehow related to the design energy going into the new campus. Probably not, but you never know. I’m more concerned about the hit in productivity the company may experience when it has to move so many of its employees to new workspaces and allow them some time to adapt to their surroundings.) In the end, Apple’s choices about the materials used in construction and the hardware adorning Apple Park aren’t that important (unless you work there). What does fascinate me is one bit of criticism levelled at the plan, which says a lot about Steve Jobs’s vision for Apple and how it conflicts with the approaches many other tech companies are making: [There are critiques] that the campus is a snobby isolated preserve, at odds with the trendy urbanist school of corporate headquarters. (Amazon, Twitter, and Airbnb are all part of a movement that hopes to integrate tech employees into cities as opposed to having them commute via fuel-gobbling cars or numbing Wi-Fi-equipped buses.) That the layout of the Ring is too rigid… That there is no childcare centre. “It’s an obsolete model that doesn’t address the work conditions of the future,” says Louise Mozingo, an urban design professor at UC Berkeley. Steve Jobs’s vision for Apple’s headquarters was to stay close to home, in the low-density suburbs that form Silicon Valley, rather than embrace a more high-density, urban environment. Apple’s never been a city company, from its very start in that suburban garage. Using that as a given, Apple’s a company that isn’t going to stray too far from its suburban roots, Jobs envisioned a hub of activity surrounded by a tranquil park of hills and trees that are reminiscent of the area when it was mostly fruit trees and fields, before it became a major hub of American innovation. Apple’s decision to make Apple Park a ring will be a convenient metaphor for those who wish to criticise the company for being secretive, insular, and arrogant – Levy quotes one critic who calls it a “retrograde cocoon.” There will be more, and worse, when the campus opens and in the years thereafter. Take those criticisms as you will, but anyone who’s visited Apple’s Infinite Loop campus (constructed in 1992-93) will tell you that Apple’s been creating buildings set in a ring with a large private space in the centre for 25 years. Building oases in the middle of South Bay suburbs – this is in Apple’s DNA. Sometimes you need to be true to yourself. I think it’s fair for Levy to note that Apple is not doing what some other major tech companies are doing and integrating their campuses into urban environments. I was in Seattle earlier this week and got to go past many large office buildings devoted to Amazon that are integrated with a weird set of domes and a bustling urban area with shops and restaurants. Twitter moved onto Market Street in San Francisco and startups have thrived in San Francisco’s South of Market area for years. There’s a lot to be said for embracing urban areas rather than hiding in the suburbs. From a commuting perspective the suburban office park is terrible. Apple’s campuses, old and new, are poorly served by public transit, leading the company to create a parallel transit system of fancy Wi-Fi-equipped buses. City centres are, in contrast, generally served well by regional transportation systems. A friend of mine recently got a job at Google and was wondering which would be better for her commute-wise. The horror stories of how expensive it is to live in San Francisco (Google has an office building just north of the Bay Bridge) made her assume that the suburban Mountain View campus would be preferable. I had to explain that San Francisco was actually a better location because it’s served by the regional BART train system as well as ferries from across the bay. It’s hard to imagine Apple colonising downtown San Francisco, just as it’s hard to imagine Google building its new campus in high-rises in San José. I can’t imagine Microsoft decamping from its suburban campus in Redmond, either. Then again, Adobe – who previously occupied what is now the centre of the Googleplex – did decamp to new high-rise buildings in San José. In the long run, I think it’s a mistake for big companies to build sprawling suburban headquarters in areas poorly served by public transportation. I applaud Twitter and Amazon’s embracing of the urban centre. (And Google’s decision to include child care centres in its facilitiy plans, unlike Apple and Microsoft.) But I understand why building outside of the suburbs was never really a serious option for Apple – or its Seattle cousin Microsoft. Like their co-founders Steve Jobs and Bill Gates, they’re suburban kids who never seem to have really gotten a taste for the big city. Related Tags:  Share: Comments Related Posts Random Posts Reeder 2 Man who hacked celebrity email accounts sentenced to prison Dog Day – by Kerri Hickman Wikipedia tool allows readers to suggest changes to articles a-JAYS Four iPhone earphones Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Please keep your comments friendly on the topic. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Comment Advertise with us Related Posts Apple’s new HQ, Apple Park, will open in April In 2011, Apple CEO Steve Jobs showed the Cupertino City Council plans for his company’s new campus. Six years later, Apple Park is set to open. Apple... Why Apple’s laptops could use a little less innovation at the moment As a company, Apple’s philosophy is often about pushing the envelope. And that’s great. It’s how we got the original Mac’s GUI, the iPhone and... App Guide FotoJet Educe DoTalk Gadget Guide House Of Marley - Smile Jamaica BT In-Ear Headphones Advertise with us Advertise with us Mobile Phone Plans Prev Next Loading... Compare Mobile Phones & Plans Mobile phone plans & deals iPhone plans & deals Apple iPhone models Tablet plans & deals The New iPad plans & deals Guides and Articles Samsung Galaxy Mobile Phone Deals National Broadband Network NBN 12Mbps Plans Broadband Usage Guide Mobile Phone Plans Under $80 iPhone 5, iPhone 4S Deals - Compare Prices Deals powered by WhistleOut Advertise with us Advertise with us Subscribe to eNews Subscribe to RSS Receive our eNews Macworld AU Twitter Macworld AU Facebook Macworld AU Pinterest Macworld AU Fancy Macworld AU Youtube News Features Reviews Help Blogs News FORUM MAC iPad iPhone Play App Guide Gadget Guide MACWORLD AU Australian Macworld Copyright © 2017 Niche Media Pty Ltd. ABN 13 064 613 529 Terms Disclaimer Privacy Contact Sitemap All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Niche Media Pty Ltd is prohibited. Contact us
Channels  Music  Style  Pop Culture  Sports  Sneakers  Life  Videos  Shop  Shuffle  Hustle More from Complex  GO90  Rated Red  First We Feast  Pigeons & Planes  Collider  Sole Collector  Green Label  Ride Channel SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Music Music Chief Keef Reveals He Turned Down Being First Artist With Apple Music Deal Share Tweet Chief Keef Reveals He Turned Down Being First Artist With Apple Music Deal By Trace William Cowen May 18, 2017 Share Tweet Image via @ChiefKeef Chief Keef has revealed he could have been the first artist to land a deal with Apple Music. In a new interview with XXL, Keef recalled a discussion he had with Larry Jackson, formerly the executive VP of A&R at Interscope Records and now Apple Music's head of content. "This was before I ended up with [FilmOn's Alki David], messing with [former manager Rovan 'Dro' Manuel]," Keef told XXL Wednesday. "They were talking about taking me to Apple. This was before they did anybody with Apple Music. You know what Larry called me and said? He said, 'You're gonna be the first artist on Apple Music,' and I turned it down." Jackson also recalled the conversation, telling XXL that he's learned to expect the unexpected from Keef. Keef, Jackson said, "has always been enigmatic, and I didn't even expect him to leap at it." Jackson, whose first introduction to Keef's music was the original "I Don't Like," compared the experience to Nirvana's explosive rise after the release of "Smells Like Teen Spirit." In January, Keef released his 17-track Two Zero One Seven mixtape featuring appearances by Tadoe and Kash, as well as production from Lex Luger. The Thot Breakers mixtape, announced shortly after the release of Two Zero One Seven, is due June 9. In the XXL interview, a FilmOn rep claimed that Keef and David had patched up their relationship. David, the rep claimed, is producing Keef's The Cozart "as they always planned." Keef's reps apparently offered a slightly different update on the relationship. Related Chief Keef Returns as a Producer and Rapper on ‘Two Zero One Seven’ Mixtape Chief Keef Blasts 'Fake Interview' Citing His Unreleased Productions Chief Keef's ComplexCon Performance was Everything We Hoped For Tags: News, Apple, Chief Keef, apple-music  Like  Follow  Chat Show Comments Lateststories Liam Payne Teams With Quavo to "Strip That Down" BY Shawn Setaro 2 hours ago Katy Perry Teams Up With Nicki Minaj on "Swish Swish" BY Joshua Espinoza 2 hours ago Blac Youngsta Releases Young Dolph Diss Track "Birthday" BY Joshua Espinoza 3 hours ago Camila Cabello Releases First-Ever Solo Track "Crying in the Club" BY Shawn Setaro 3 hours ago Listen to Iggy Azalea's Latest Single "Switch" BY Joshua Espinoza 3 hours ago Pigeons & Planes Watch the Intimate Video for Nate Dae's New Song "Mood Swings" BY Joe Price 6 hours ago Drake and Tory Lanez Squash Feud BY Shawn Setaro 7 hours ago An Appreciation for Chance the Rapper's Dance Moves BY Gavin Evans 7 hours ago Lil Yachty Goes the Aggressive Route on New Song "X Men" BY Gavin Evans 9 hours ago Remember When Chris Cornell Made a Solo Album With Timbaland? BY Shawn Setaro 10 hours ago Load More Stories NowTrending SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Contact UsTerms of Use CareersPrivacy Policy AdvertiseSite Map FeedsPersonalization MusicStyle Pop CultureSports SneakersLife © Complex Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 237% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 56% Income Investor Dividend stocks 45% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 53% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 30% Returns as of 5/18/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 237% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 56% Income Investor Dividend stocks 45% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 53% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 30% Returns as of 5/18/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Why Fitbit Inc. Shareholders Have Something to Worry About Third-party apps, smarter smartphone chips, and accuracy concerns could all throttle Fitbit's long-term growth. Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) May 18, 2017 at 3:13PM Fitbit (NYSE:FIT) has been a painful stock to own. After going public at $20 in mid-2015, the stock rallied to nearly $50 before tumbling to just over $5 per share. The reasons for the decline were easy to see -- slowing sales growth, plunging margins, and a lack of a moat against cheaper fitness trackers and full-featured smartwatches. I discussed Fitbit's possible future and its four main competitors in two recent articles. But today, I'll examine three specific market trends which should trouble Fitbit's long-suffering shareholders -- the growth of wearable apps, the evolution of smartphone chips, and ongoing questions about the safety and accuracy of its devices. Fitbit's Blaze. Image source: Fitbit. 1. It's all about the apps When Fitbit first entered the wearables market, it only needed to sync its devices to its own mobile app. But after Android Wear devices and the Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) Watch arrived, consumers turned their attention toward full-featured wearable apps. Fitbit tried to counter this shift by updating its software to auto-detect workouts in late 2015, but rivals like Garmin (NASDAQ:GRMN) quickly added similar features. In early 2016, Fitbit launched its answer to the Apple Watch, the Blaze, but the device still only ran a handful of first-party apps. Meanwhile, the number of Apple Watch apps topped 19,000 last year, and developers have produced "thousands" of Android Wear apps. In 2015, Garmin also launched its own app store, Connect IQ, for developers to submit their own wearable apps. In early 2017, Fitbit CEO James Park stated that the company would launch its own app store later this year. That's probably why it recently acquired the assets of Pebble, which owns its own app store of basic smartwatch apps, for $23 million. But looking ahead, every quarter which passes without a beefier smartwatch and a third-party app store could leave Fitbit further behind this key technological curve. 2. Do I need a smartphone and a fitness tracker? Another major challenge for Fitbit is the evolution of smartphone chips into motion-tracking tools. Back in 2013, Apple introduced the M7 motion coprocessor, which enabled smartphones to accurately track a user's movements without firing up the main application processor. Google Fit. Image source: Google Play. Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) countered this move with the Hexagon 680 DSP, which was paired with the Snapdragon 820 three years later. The arrival of these motion coprocessors meant that many popular fitness apps -- like Google Fit and Map My Run -- could easily track walks, runs, or bike rides without a need for additional fitness trackers. While that might not satisfy hard-core athletes, putting a smartphone in a pocket or in an armband might be enough for casual users. Modern smartphones can also measure heart rates with the camera, which could eliminate the need for wrist-worn heart trackers -- as long as the user doesn't require continuous readings. 3. Questions about accuracy and safety For hard-core fitness tracker users, accuracy is a top priority. However, the accuracy of some of Fitbit's heart rate sensors was questioned in a class action lawsuit last year. In late 2015, an MIT Technology Review article claimed that doctors were generally "unimpressed" with those tracking features, and questioned "the validity of the deluge of data" gathered from those devices. That skepticism stems from the fact that Fitbit's trackers aren't fully certified medical devices. Instead, they're approved under the Food and Drug Administration's less-rigorous "wellness-focused" device category. Fitbit could certainly pursue more robust certifications, but doing so would be costly and time consuming, and slow down its product launch cycle. The safety of Fitbit's devices has also been questioned before. The Fitbit Force was recalled in 2014 after causing rashes and burns. A report of an exploding Fitbit Flex 2, which Fitbit claims was caused by "external forces," also sparked unflattering comparisons to Samsung's Note 7 fiasco earlier this year. All these issues could impact Fitbit's long-term plans to win bulk orders with its corporate wellness programs. The key takeaways Fitbit's biggest challenge is the ever-growing number of competitors in the wearables space. But investors should also realize that third-party apps, improving smartphone chips, and accuracy issues could all hurt Fitbit's ability to win over mainstream users and serious athletes in the foreseeable future.  Leo Sun owns shares of Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Fitbit, and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info May 18, 2017 at 3:13PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $152.54 up $2.29 (1.52%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $56.12 up $0.76 (1.37%) Garmin NASDAQ:GRMN $51.00 down $0.10 (-0.20%) Fitbit NYSE:FIT $5.41 down $0.15 (-2.70%) Read More 3 Beaten-Up Internet of Things Stocks: Are They Bargains? Can Fitbit Stock Keep Going After Last Week's 10% Pop? A Foolish Take: Which Companies Dominate the Wearables Market? Another Tough Quarter for Fitbit 4 Companies That Could Eat Fitbit's Lunch Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Why Fitbit Inc. Shareholders Have Something to Worry About @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $QCOM, $GRMN, $FIT
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 237% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 56% Income Investor Dividend stocks 45% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 53% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 30% Returns as of 5/18/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 237% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 56% Income Investor Dividend stocks 45% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 53% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 30% Returns as of 5/18/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Here's How Many 10.5-inch iPad Pros Apple Inc. Could Sell This Year Apple could ship as many as six million 10.5-inch iPad Pro devices this year. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) May 18, 2017 at 3:30PM Per a pre-publication note from Digitimes, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) started mass-producing the oft-rumored 10.5-inch iPad Pro in the "March-April" time frame and is expected to release it in June -- almost certainly at the company's annual developer conference, known as the World Wide Developers Conference, or WWDC. Digitimes says, citing "Taiwan-based supply chain makers," that the company will ship 600,000 units of the new iPad Pro in July, and full-year 2017 shipments of the device "are estimated at 5-6 million units." Image source: Apple. What could this mean for Apple's business? Let's take a closer look. Putting that figure into context In Apple's most recent fiscal year -- that is, fiscal year 2016 -- Apple shipped 45.59 million iPads, down approximately 17% from the nearly 55 million that the company shipped in the year prior. Now, it's worth noting that the above figures represent shipments for a fiscal year, whereas the 5 million to 6 million figure Digitimes mentioned refers to shipments of new iPad Pros from June through December of calendar year 2017. That said, it's not a stretch to extrapolate that the annual unit shipment run rate of these devices could be in the ballpark of 10 million (probably a bit lower since early demand for the product should be higher than demand for it later in the cycle). However, even if we're talking about 8-9 million 10.5-inch iPad Pro shipments across a full year, that's still about 18%-20% of Apple's fiscal 2016 iPad unit shipments. The rest of the shipments would clearly consist of the company's 12.9-inch iPad Pro (which I'd suspect are substantially lower than 9.7-inch/10.5-inch iPad shipments) as well as the mainstream 9.7-inch iPad models (likely the bulk of Apple's shipments). The promise of the 10.5-inch iPad Pro Apple's goal with the iPad Pro seems to be to try to enrich its iPad product mix. Indeed, from a unit perspective, it doesn't seem like there's much of growth potential. While a compelling enough 10.5-inch iPad Pro could help provide a short-term boost to iPad unit shipments, any such bump doesn't seem as though it'd be sustainable over multiple quarters. The tablet market, and by extension the iPad market, should largely do what it'll do regardless of what Apple puts out (something that has been proven by the continued decline in iPad shipments even as Apple has regularly put out interesting new products). What the 10.5-inch iPad Pro could do, then, is offer enough interesting new features to allow Apple to do the following: Increase prices for its iPad Pro devices generation over generation. Potentially see customers opt for the more expensive iPad Pro over the standard iPad models as they find the features available in the iPad Pro compelling enough to spend extra. Indeed, if Apple must contend with the reality of a market that simply can't deliver sustainable unit growth, it can at least try to wring out revenue growth by taking actions to drive iPad average selling price growth. From the perspective of stockholders, it shouldn't matter if Apple grows iPad revenue through unit growth or through average selling price growth, as long as Apple can get its iPad business back to revenue growth after multiple quarters of year-over-year declines.  Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info May 18, 2017 at 3:30PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $152.54 up $2.29 (1.52%) Read More Apple, Inc. Stock Hits New High: Buy, Sell, or Hold? Apple Is Now The World's Biggest Dividend Payer Apple's iPhone Is Losing Ground in China This Apple Inc. Watch Competitor Totally Failed This Apple Inc. iPhone Rumor Sounds Sketchy Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Here's How Many 10.5-inch iPad Pros Apple Inc. Could Sell This Year @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Market Trend Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists Stock Market Today Stocks Open Mixed As Apple, GE Duke It Out On The Dow ALAN R. ELLIOTT 5/12/2017 Reprints XAutoplay: On | Off Stocks opened in very tightly mixed formation Friday, as retailers took hard hits for a second day and General Electric (GE) and Apple (AAPL) fought a tug-of-war for the direction of the Dow. The Dow Jones industrial average and S&P 500 opened to very narrow losses, while Nasdaq opened a fraction into positive territory. Trade Desk Breaks Out; Apple Rises, GE Gets Downgrade Apple opened at the top of the Dow industrials, up 1% after a securities filing showed the company had issued $7 billion in corporate bonds due between 2020 and 2027. Apple has used bond markets to fund its shareholder rewards initiatives since 2012, raising its debt from nil to $84.5 billion. The company reported $256 billion in cash held overseas in its second-quarter report, and raised its share buyback program to $300 billion. The company has increased debt more than cash in two of the past three quarters. Apple shares are extended above a four-weeks tight buy point of 141.12. General Electric traded down 1.5% in early action, the Dow's biggest decline. Deutsche Bank downgraded the stock to sell, from hold. Trade Desk (TTD) gapped up to a 17% gain at the start of trade, after a big first-quarter earnings beat and guidance increase after Thursday's close. The gain put shares of the self-service advertising platform just above a 46.31 buy point in an eight-week cup base. Retailers appeared headed for another day of pain. Nordstrom (JWN) opened down 7% after reporting weak same-store sales late Thursday. J.C. Penney (JCP) also dived 7% on a steeper-than-expected drop in same-store sales in its first-quarter report.  Macy's (M) and Kohl's (KSS) led an industry sell-off on Thursday. Macy's opened down 0.3%. Kohl's showd a 1.6% opening loss. On the IBD 50 list, Chemours (CC) climbed more than 3% after an upgrade, to overweight, from neutral, from JPMorgan.  Shares are extended, still knocking out new highs, after an April rebound from 10-week support. At the bottom of the list, chip equipment maker Ichor Holdings (ICHR) dropped 4% after reporting a 200% earnings gain and a 103% rise in revenue in its first-quarter report late Thursday. Oil Near $48; Consumer Prices Rise, Sentiment Coming Up Oil prices reversed to narrow gains ahead of Friday's open: West Texas Intermediate traded just below $48 a barrel and up a bit more than 3% for the week. Gold gained 0.4% to go above $1,228 an ounce, up 3% on the week. The dollar backed off from Thursday's gains, bonds edged higher, trimming the 10-year yield 1 basis point to 2.37%. Consumer prices rose 0.2% in April, the Labor Department reported, up from a 0.3% decline in March and in line with economist expectations. Stripping out energy and food, core prices edged up 0.1%, better than March's 0.1% decline, but below expectations for a 0.2% gain. Charles Evans, Chicago Federal Reserve Bank president, speaks at 9  a.m. ET. At 10 a.m. ET, the Commerce Department delivers its March business inventories report, and the University of Michigan releases its preliminary Consumer Sentiment estimate for May. Philadelphia Federal Reserve Bank President Patrick Harker speaks at 12:30 p.m. ET.  Baker Hughes releases its weekly rig count report at 1 p.m. ET. Europe's markets remained in positive territory as investors there waded through a heavy slate of earnings news. The FTSE 100 in London was up 0.3%, Frankfurt's DAX showed a 0.2% gain and the CAC 40 in Paris traded up 0.1% near midday. RELATED: Buy, Hold Or Sell 3D Systems, Stratasys? Investing Action Plan Stock Futures Fall; This Top-Rated IPO Looks Like Nvidia, Not Snap ALAN R. ELLIOTT | Facebook | @IBD_Aelliott Share this: Related news Facebook, which went public on May 18, 2012, reached a deal Thursday to stream 20 MLB games this season. (Facebook) Futures Steady; Another FANG Stock Hits Big Milestone 5/19/2017 Stock futures were little changed Friday morning. Facebook, which had its 5th IPO anniversary, led the FANG-driven rebound Thursday. 5/19/2017 Stock futures were little changed Friday morning. Facebook, which had... Watch These Stocks As Trump Courts Saudi Cash: Investing Action Plan Can 154% Growth And 3.5% Dividend Pump Up This Energy Stock? Cisco In 'Penalty Box' Amid Growth Woes, Trump Tax Plan Stalls Dow Jones Industrial Average And Dow Stocks: News And Analysis Stocks Cling To Gains; Apple, Netflix Lead Nasdaq; Time To Buy Biotechs? Apple Leads Morning Rebound, But Market Gains Fading Industry News And Stocks To Watch Google Trumpets Platform User Base Vs. Apple, Facebook, Amazon Today's Spotlight Connect with us Check out what we’re doing with social and follow us for exclusive offers, giveaways, & investing tips. Try Leaderboard IBD Leaderboard is outperforming the S&P 500 by 27%. Start a 2-week FREE trial. IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Austin (6/3) or Boston (6/10) to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! More News Children's Place topped earnings views and raised guidance Thursday. (RICHARD B. LEVINE/Newscom) These 5 Retailers Topped Earnings Views, But Their Stocks... Google manager Anil Sabharwal takes a selfie during the company's developer conference Wednesday (dpa/picture-alliance/Newscom) Google Trumpets Platform User Base Vs. Apple, Facebook, Amazon Still Paying So Much for Margin? Check Our Rates. Promoted Content By Zacks Trade Special Report Which Stocks Are Showing Rising Relative Strength? See which stocks just got an IBD RS Rating upgrade. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman SPYR Looking to Carve Out Niche in Fast-Growing eSports Space /EINPresswire.com/ — BONITA, CA–(Marketwired – May 18, 2017) – The headline „Global MMO Games Market to grow with a CAGR of 10.2% by 2025″ was blazoned across a digital report about the current online gaming industry. As readers of financial news know, a 10.2% compound annual growth rate is indeed impressive, but the acronym MMO is what tells the real story: Massively Multiplayer Online games or MMOs are growing at a rate that far surpasses the industry’s projected 10.2% CAGR. And SPYR, Inc. (OTCQB: SPYR) is paving its way with its flagship MMO game Pocket Starships. To understand the future of gaming it is important to appreciate its history. Not long after Pong made its debut on TV screens across America, students in Stanford University’s Artificial Intelligence Lab began playing a game called SpaceWar, and competed in the Intergalactic SpaceWar Olympics for a chance to win a year’s subscription to Rolling Stone Magazine. The year was 1972. The 1980s saw Atari’s Space Invaders Championships and the creation of The US National Video Game Team, but it was in 1997 when the concept of eSports, or electronic sports, became viable, drawing participation from over 2,000 players to the Red Annihilation tournament for the first person shooter game Quake. Shortly after that, the Cyberathlete Professional League was founded, and in 1999 the league began offering prize money. Mobile gaming (think GameBoy and Tetris) took the industry — quite literally — to new places, and allowed players to interact on pocket-size devices. The introduction of each new game and each new gaming platform expanded the gaming universe exponentially, and paved the way for MMO interactive games like SPYR’s Pocket Starships. Since that time multiplayer games like League of Legends, Counter Strike, Halo, and even Minecraft, have dominated not only gaming devices, but also the attention of investors in the gaming and eSports markets. In 2016, the total prize money awarded across all eSports games was $93.3 million. In early 2017, universities in the US began adding eSports to both the academic as well as the athletic curriculum, with one women’s college in Missouri offering scholarships to eSports student athletes. The Olympic Council of Asia recently announced that it will include eSports in the 2018 Asian Games and make it a medal sport in 2022. What this means for gamers and investors is a brighter spotlight on both game development as well as technology enhancements. As the gaming industry has grown, so too has the technology. Gamers are no longer limited to TV screens, consoles or static boxes, but can now play on a variety of mobile devices as well. But frequently, gaming interactions are limited to playing against those on similar devices. What SPYR has with its game Pocket Starships is a unique and true cross-platform game that can be played in real time on a variety of devices. So whether you are playing on your Apple or Android phone, laptop, desktop, iPad or Kindle, all gamers can play together and against one another in the same game universe. This platform will allow SPYR to effectively position and market their games to a wider gaming audience, and reach both recreational as well as competitive players. Furthermore, it cultivates interest (and potential customers) from across a wide demographic band. Women have historically been less active in MMO games, generally preferring single player app games. But with access to MMOs like Pocket Starships through social media portals such as Facebook and VK.com, the European network, more and more women and baby boomers are entering the MMO arena. Where the investment return lies is in the game itself. Mobile games with a high level of interactivity and constant updates are the games that keep gamers enthralled and playing. Within one month of releasing a game update, SPYR reported a 23% increase in the average revenue from each paying user, and a 7.8% increase in the average spend on each in-app purchase. In 2016, Apple Inc. reported that over 76% of app revenues were generated by games. Game developers and producers have a vast frontier ahead of them. With data indicating that more people watched the League of Legends World Championship Finals than watched LeBron James’ compelling performance in the 2016 NBA Championships, and estimates showing an increase in market revenues from just over $100 billion to almost $130 billion by 2020, massive is indeed the operative word in MMO games. About SmallCap Network The SmallCap Network is one of the web’s leading small cap stock trading communities. While large caps tend to receive the majority of media attention, small and micro cap stocks as well as penny stocks can often offer the most potential for investment gains. The SmallCap Network website and free newsletter offer in-depth fundamental research and technical trading recommendations on select small cap stocks, micro cap stocks, bulletin board stocks, and actively traded penny stocks, serving as an investor resource to better tap the full potential offered by such companies. SEC Rule 17b Disclosure The SmallCap Network is committed to providing our readers with useful information on publicly traded companies. The SmallCap Network sometimes contracts with third parties or publicly traded companies and receives compensation from them in the form of cash and sometimes restricted securities as payment for publishing information and opinions about the company and the trading market for their securities. Principals of the SmallCap Network may also purchase or sell securities of the companies in the open market from time to time. The positions that the SmallCap Network or its principals maintain in securities of the companies are disclosed within and should be considered when making an investment decision regarding companies mentioned on SmallCap Network. SmallCap Network may be deemed to have a conflict of interest between its open market activity and positions in these securities and the timing of and opinions expressed in its publications concerning these companies. The publications should not be considered to be independent publications concerning the company. SmallCap Network has been paid $10,000 and 200,000 restricted shares by Spyr, Inc. for market awareness and other advertising services on SPYR. Many statements and opinions expressed herein are those of the editors and staff of SmallCap Network and are subject to change without notice. The site and its newsletter maintain editorial control over its publications and the companies profiled therein do not have any editorial rights concerning the information published about them. No information contained in our website, e-mail communications or our publications should be considered as a solicitation to purchase or sell any of the securities mentioned. SmallCap Network, its principals or employees are not registered investment advisors or a registered securities broker dealer. We do not undertake or represent to make investment recommendations or to give advice pertaining to the purchase or sale of the securities mentioned in our web site, e-mail communications or publications. While we believe all sources of information provided by us and contained in our publication to be accurate and reliable, we cannot and do not guarantee the accuracy of information we received from third parties. Furthermore, SmallCap Network has not independently verified such information provided within our publication. SmallCap Network also employs contributors to help us manage and moderate our growing community. Their primary purpose is to keep our forum running smoothly and informatively for the benefit of its Members. They perform a variety of tasks, including acting as virtual liaisons and publishing information and opinions on select public companies or on behalf of certain third parties who have hired SmallCap Network for various market awareness services. These contributors also contribute to the various discussions throughout our community. They are free to contribute, or not contribute, as they see fit. Some SmallCap Network Contributors may have investments in the stocks they discuss. All SmallCap Network employees and contractors — are required to publicly disclose their current individual stock holdings at the end of an article they’ve written and in the appropriate area when referencing or discussing a stock they own. It is also important to note, the SmallCap Network is not registered as a securities broker-dealer or an investment adviser either with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or with any state securities regulatory authority. All statements and opinions expressed herein are those of the editors and contributors of SmallCap Network and are subject to change without notice. The SmallCap Network maintains editorial control over its publications and the companies profiled therein do not have any editorial rights concerning the information published about them. A profile, description, or other mention of a company at SmallCap Network is neither an offer nor solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any securities mentioned. While we believe all sources of information provided by us and contained in our publication to be accurate and reliable, we cannot and do not guarantee the accuracy of information we received from third parties. Furthermore, SmallCap Network has not independently verified such information provided within our publication. READERS ARE ENCOURAGED TO DO THEIR OWN DUE DILIGENCE BEFORE INVESTING IN ANY SECURITIES MENTIONED AT SMALLCAPNETWORK OR WITHIN ANY OF ITS PUBLICATIONS. INVESTING IN SECURITIES IS SPECULATIVE AND CARRIES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. We encourage our readers to invest carefully and read the investor information available at the web sites of the Securities and Exchange Commission („SEC”) at http://www.sec.gov and/or the National Association of Securities Dealers („NASD”) at http://www.finra.org. We also recommend that you read the SEC advisory to investors concerning Internet Stock Fraud, which can be found at: https://www.sec.gov/reportspubs/investor-publications/investorpubscyberfraudhtm.html. Readers can review all public filings by companies at the SEC’s EDGAR page. The SEC has published information on how to https://www.sec.gov/investor/pubs/tenthingstoconsider.htm at its web site. The information found at SmallCap Network is protected by the copyright laws of the United States and may not be copied, or reproduced in any way without the expressed, written consent of The SmallCap Network. For more information: www.smallcapnetwork.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious YayYo, Inc. Begins Hiring Drivers for RideYayYo Ridesharing Platform Launching into Beta in Los Angeles Next PostNext TRAFFIC ALERT – Inspection of Bridge on SR 1 Northbound in New Castle County Search Recent Posts Insight Into Enzyme’s 3D Structure Could Cut Biofuel Costs 100-Year-Old Fertility Technique Reduces Need for IVF European Retail Carrier Ethernet Services Market, Forecast to 2021 Global Antibacterial Drugs Market 2017-2027 Hamptons Dental Offering Cosmetic Dentistry Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums CNET Magazine Latest Stories Subscribe Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Vevo revamps its TV look and feel, starting with Apple The online music-video service redesigned itself for television sets, starting with Apple TV. Digital Media by Joan E. Solsman May 18, 2017 11:34 AM PDT @joan_e Vevo's new TV streaming app is designed to keep music playing as you scroll through panels that preview what's up next. Vevo Vevo revamped its app for Apple TV with a design it plans to trickle out to other streaming boxes later this year, aimed at displacing music-only apps for TV like Pandora. "We wanted a flagship example of what we could do," Vevo CEO Erik Huggers said at an unveiling. The app plays to a small but growing segment of how consumers are watching digital video. For Vevo, connected TVs represent less than 10 percent of views but are its biggest growth segment. But often the most popular music related apps for TV streaming devices are services that have no or little video. Vevo's new design includes elements familiar to people using its mobile app: artist stations, a hub for genres, and playlists curated to suit time of day and your personal preferences. Important for a TV app, the new design adds the ability to browse while continuing to listen to what's playing, and to get a preview of what's inside a playlist selection by playing short, soundfree clips of the what is in queue. The company aims to add a "watch party" feature down the line. Already an element of Vevo's desktop experience, it allows users -- or the performer in a music video itself -- to create a room to chat in while watching the video play. The new app, set to be available Friday, was designed for the latest Apple TV running its TVOS operating system. The company plans to bring match the design in the apps it makes for the other streaming-media devices it's on, such as Roku, later this year. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Digital Media Media Streamers Vevo Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. May 19 Is it too late for Apple's Siri to catch up with Google and Amazon? (Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast, Ep. 85) May 19 Is it too late for Apple's Siri to catch up with Google and Amazon? (AB Extra Crunchy, Ep. 85) May 18 Almost all iPhone users will buy another iPhone, says survey May 18 Apple's new campus has just about everything, except day care All Apple Stories More stories Spotify is draining even more money the bigger it gets The Witcher will soon slay beasts on Netflix Pandora said to be back in takeover talks with SiriusXM Hackers threaten to leak 'Pirates 5' unless Disney pays up Close   Discuss: Vevo revamps its TV look and feel, starting... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Forget rainbow vomit. Google Lens is AR you can actually use FCC votes to start net neutrality rollback A preliminary vote passed in favor of killing off the existing regulations. by Lexy Savvides 1:39 Google I/O 2017 recap Today's major tech headlines include all the news from Google's I/O event. The company focused on Android O, Assistant improvements, new machine learning technology and much more. by Jeff Bakalar 1:09 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Viagra Is Now Dead – Shocking Breakthrough Formula Astounds Doctors Home | Adam Levin Tags: wannacry | ransomware | government | hacking WannaCry: Just When You Thought Government Couldn't Get More Dysfunctional A technology company in Sichuan province released software to recover files encrypted by the virus ''WannaCry'' in Chengdu city, southwest China's Sichuan province, May 15, 2017. (Imaginechina via AP Images) By Adam Levin Thursday, 18 May 2017 10:54 AM Current | Bio | Archive Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    The New York Times stated the problem imperfectly: "Since August, when a mysterious group calling itself the Shadow Brokers announced that it was auctioning off highly classified National Security Agency hacking tools, a low-grade panic has seized the nation’s largest intelligence agency." I don’t know about you, but I was struck by the word choice. Low-grade panic? Doesn’t that seem — I don’t know — perhaps too calm? It’s important to face facts here. The public release of the agency’s software exploits was a cybersecurity disaster of whatever’s worse than "epic" proportions. Consider Shadow Brokers. It’s obvious that the "mysterious group" behind the release of our nation’s spy cookbook for data mayhem is not concerned about anyone’s cybersecurity. It was clear this was a serious data dump making powerful hacking tools available to absolutely anyone and everyone. Additionally, you would have to be beyond bad at connecting the dots to not see the immediate fallout: Within the past week an exploit based on those very same agency tricks spread to hundreds of thousands of machines in more than 150 countries. Still feeling that low-grade terror? Not bad enough for you? Shadow Brokers has since talked about creating a sort of "Hack of the Month" club, for a subscription fee — the perfect gift if you’re at a loss for what to bring to the "You Now Own the United States of America" parties that Vladimir Putin and Kim Jong-un have been wanting to host. You really need to reflect upon the fact that when Shadow Brokers dumped the data online, it was available to anyone. Roll that around in your mind for a moment. That would include our nation’s enemies, which of course we have in spades these days. So, you really would have to believe that the N.S.A.’s level of concern about the theft of their tradecraft was, to say the least, insufficiently hysterical. The Washington Post reported that there were officials at the N.S.A. that expressed grave concern about the power of the tools that were liberated by Shadow Brokers, and specifically about EternalBlue, the Microsoft exploit that became world famous after the WannaCry attack. Yet for five years that included several serious breaches, they continued to use the exploit and obviously did not protect it sufficiently.   Low-grade concern? Makes sense. I mean, after all, there are only some indications that a hacking group linked to North Korea took advantage of the stolen software exploits and were behind the WannaCry attack. That’s right. How’s that settling in? Panicked perhaps? No matter how you look at the N.S.A.’s face-plant, "Oops," doesn’t quite cover it. One thing that — unfortunately — now know to be true is that if the government is able to crawl into something, it is highly likely that bad guys will too. That’s why you have to hand it to Apple chief Tim Cook for standing up to the Feds and denying their request to get a backdoor past Apple’s security in the San Bernardino case. Backdoors are not safe. If you read about one, make sure you spend a little extra time reading about the solution to the cybersecurity issue that you now have as a result. Here are a few starter tips to make your world a little more cyber secure in the meantime: 1. Install updates When you are trying to find something online or use an app, those update notices can be like a mosquito overly interested in you, but the last thing you should ever do is swat those notices away. They are often the only thing standing between you and the bad guys out there who are forever looking for a way to exploit weaknesses in the security features that come standard with the devices you use on a daily basis. 2. Use Standard Encryption Both Apple and PC now offer a way to protect the content stored on your hard drive, and it’s so easy there’s no reason not to use them. It’s called FileVault on Apple and BitLocker on PCs. It is easy to set up, and it renders everything on your machine unreadable by a hacker who gains access to it. 3. Back Up Your Digital Life on an External Drive For less than $60, you can purchase an external hard drive large enough to store an immense amount of data. That’s where you want to keep your most sensitive personal information. The reason is simple. It is air gapped (not connected to the internet) most if not all of the time. There is no need to be online to backup you hard drive to an external drive. Extra points if you encrypt your data. 4. Use a Password Manager If you’re not using long and strong passwords, or you are still using the same password across multiple platforms and website, you need to read this. For those who get over that rather low bar, it’s time to improve your game. It used to be that people made cheat sheets with their passwords and stored them on an encrypted thumb drive. It’s no longer necessary. Password managers take away the risk associated with having your passwords written down where they can be found and used. You only need to remember one. As far as services go, there are many—all of them are better than older methods of managing passwords. 5. Read the URL Address There are more spoof sites out there than you may realize, and they are there to do harm not good. Always look at the URL to be sure that you are on the site you intended to visit and not a clone — the clone will often have a very similar address, so look closely. For an additional layer of security you might want to consider downloading HTTPS Everywhere, a plug-in/add-on that works on Chrome and Firefox that enables HTTPS encryption automatically on sites that support it. 6. Think Before You Click The number one way people get got is thoughtless clicking. Whether it is a bad website designed to plant malware on your device or phishing email that looks like it came from a friend, but is in reality from a cyber fiend, you must have a pause in place — and it has to be automatic — when it comes to clicking on anything that comes your way from "out there," even or especially if it looks like a friend or family member sent it. 7. Make Your Security a Seamless Part of Your Day If you see a story about a data breach or a security compromise on a device you use, consider that an action item for your day. Just take a second to find out if you are affected and then take whatever precaution you can. The 40 minutes that average person spends on personal grooming is a good rule of thumb. Think of your cyber hygiene like a glance in the mirror. 8. Use Two-Factor Authentication Increasingly, two-factor authentication is available on the accounts we use daily, and it is essential that you set it up. It means that if a person hijacks one of your accounts, there isn’t much damage they can do without also having possession to your mobile phone or access to you email account. It’s an easy measure anyone can take to improve personal cybersecurity. In my book "Swiped: How to Protect Yourself in a World Full of Scammers, Phishers and Identity Thieves" I go into greater detail about the various ways your information can be got, and what you can do to protect it. The main lesson there: practice what I call "The Three Ms." Minimize your exposure. Don’t authenticate yourself to anyone unless you are in control of the interaction, don’t overshare on social media, be a good steward of your passwords, safeguard any documents that can be used to hijack your identity, and consider freezing your credit. Monitor your accounts. Check your credit report religiously, keep track of your credit score, review major accounts daily if possible. (You can check two of your credit scores for free every two weeks on Credit.com.) If you prefer a more laid-back approach, sign up for free transaction alerts from financial services institutions and credit card companies or purchase a sophisticated credit and identity monitoring program. Manage the damage. Make sure you get on top of any incursion into your identity quickly and/or enroll in a program where professionals help you navigate and resolve identity compromises — oftentimes available for free or at minimal cost through insurance companies, financial services institutions and HR departments. Adam K. Levin is a consumer advocate with more than 30 years of experience and is a nationally recognized expert on cybersecurity, privacy, identity theft, fraud, and personal finance. A former Director of the New Jersey Division of Consumer Affairs, Mr. Levin is Chairman and founder of CyberScout and co-founder of Credit.com. Adam Levin is the author of Amazon Best Seller "Swiped: How to Protect Yourself in a World Full of Scammers, Phishers, and Identity Thieves." He is the security and credit expert for ABCNews.com and writes a weekly column for The Huffington Post, Inc. Magazine, The Hill, and Newsmax. Mr. Levin is a go-to expert appearing on many national TV programs including "The Today Show," "Good Morning America," "MSNBC Live," "Fox and Friends," "NBC Nightly News," "ABC World News Tonight," "Cavuto Coast to Coast," "Bloomberg Surveillance," as well as national radio throughout the country. Read more of his reports — Go Here Now. Posts by Adam Levin Mother's Day Cyberscams to Watch Out For Yes, Email Can Ruin You View More Posts by Adam Levin Newsmax Blogs: Ramesh Ponnuru: Ailes' Success at Fox Lead to Turmoil for Conservative Journalism Fareed Zakaria: Trump's 'Truthful Hyperbole' Becomes a Weakness View More Newsmax Blogs © 2017 Newsmax. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share AdamLevin You really need to reflect upon the fact that when Shadow Brokers dumped the data online, it was available to anyone. wannacry, ransomware, government, hacking 1578 Thursday, 18 May 2017 10:54 AM 2017-54-18 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Insiders Ramesh Ponnuru Bloomberg View Ailes' Success at Fox Lead to Turmoil for Conservative Journalism Fareed Zakaria Foreign Affairs Watch Trump's 'Truthful Hyperbole' Becomes a Weakness David Ignatius Foreign Policy Domestic Scandals Could Obscure Trump's Important Middle East Trip Charles Krauthammer DC Analysis 25th Amendment Not Applicable to Trump's Bad Behavior Andrew Napolitano The Judge Trump Tried by Seven Days of Controversy Jackie Gingrich Cushman Planning Strategy Anonymous Leaks and Sources Should Be Questioned George Will Conservatively Speaking Baumol's Disease in the Automation Age Ben Stein Dreemz If Repeated Enough, People Will Believe Trump Crimes Fantasy Scott Rasmussen The People's Money Dems' 2018 Senate Challenge Highlighted by New Data Tool Deroy Murdock Libertarian View GOP Would Do Well to Advance, Not Belittle Trump's Agenda All Insiders Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Most Commented Report: Trump Revealed 'Highly Classified' Information to Russian Foreign Minister Monday, 15 May 2017 | 1135 comments Highly classified - yeah, there was employee #1 at the State Dept that... Former FBI Director Robert Mueller Named Special Prosecutor of Russia Probe Wednesday, 17 May 2017 | 865 comments This is going to be the shortest short story in the history of short... Source: Comey Only Willing to Speak With Congress Publicly Saturday, 13 May 2017 | 922 comments Comey will now morph from incompetent FBI head to vindictive thorn in the... Supreme Court Rejects Appeal over NC Voter ID Law Monday, 15 May 2017 | 825 comments Total BS! Every legal law abiding citizen has a photo ID. They use it to... NY Times: Comey Memo Says Trump Wanted Him to Drop Flynn Probe Tuesday, 16 May 2017 | 894 comments More BS...why would the so-called "constitutionalist" FBI director have... Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The opening shots have been fired in a battle between Apple and China's most valuable company Kif Leswing May 18, 2017, 1:45 PM 6,790 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple CEO Tim Cook (C) arrives before a meeting with China's Vice Premier Liu Yandong (not pictured) at the Zhongnanhai Leadership Compound, in Beijing, China, May 12, 2015.REUTERS/China Daily A business dispute is brewing between Apple and Tencent, China's most valuable company, and it looks like the Chinese government could get involved, the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday.  Here are the basics: the dominant app in China is Tencent's WeChat, a messaging program that does a lot more. Users can also use it to order food, transfer money, and play games. One of WeChat's features is called "tipping." If one user likes another's posts or photos, she can send that person a few yuan from her WeChat account.  Last month, Apple told Tencent it considers tips to be in-app purchases. The iPhone maker takes a 30% cut on in-app purchases, so it was saying it felt entitled to a similar payout from WeChat tips. Executives at Tencent are furious. "We don’t charge anything as the platform, but Apple gets 30% for doing nothing,” a Tencent executive told the Wall Street Journal. Tencent has even talked to Chinese regulatory agencies, including the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, according to the report.   Tencent is one company that has the power not to buckle under Apple's power. And Apple needs the iPhone to remain popular in China to continue growing. Apple's sales in the China region in the first quarter of 2017 were down 14% from the same quarter in 2016. That marked the continuation of a downward trend for the tech giant. Its China sales in 2016 totaled $46.5 billion, which was down nearly 24% from the prior year.  Tech analyst Ben Thompson previously identified WeChat as one reason why Apple may be underperforming in China. For all intents and purposes WeChat is your phone, and to a far greater extent in China than anywhere else, your phone is everything. Naturally, WeChat works the same on iOS as it does on Android. That, by extension, means that for the day-to-day lives of Chinese there is no penalty to switching away from an iPhone. Unsurprisingly, in stark contrast to the rest of the world, according to a report earlier this year, only 50% of iPhone users who bought another phone in 2016 stayed with Apple. Apple needs WeChat to continue growing in China. WeChat wants special treatment and rules under Apple's App Store platform. This is shaping up to be one of the biggest battles between American and Chinese tech giants in recent memory.  SEE ALSO: Tesla factory employees describe grueling work conditions where people pass out 'like a pancake' More: Apple WeChat China Tencent Messaging Messaging apps chat apps facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The opening shots have been fired in a battle between Apple and China's most valuable company The opening shots have been fired in a battle between Apple and China's most valuable company A business dispute is brewing between Apple and... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home News Opinion Letters Sports Prospecting Roadbeat Essentials Obituaries Real Estate Gallery Classifieds Advertisers Ad Rates 2,697 20 PLACERVILLE, CALIFORNIA Sports Outside with Charlie: Taking the Hill By Charlie Ferris From page A11 | May 19, 2017 FacebookTwitter FacebookTwitter Mid May and the pedals continue to turn. The weather right now is perfect for hopping on your bike. Riding around the neighborhood, on the roads, or trails is about as good as it gets. Riding in the lower reaches of the county you can mostly count on cool mornings and warmish afternoons for your trek. Higher up, it’s still absolutely layer time. From Pollock Pines to Tahoe, the mornings are cold. Those layers allow you to shed a jacket or vest as either you or the weather warms up. Gloves are a must when you hit the road with the temps in the low 30’s. If you missed riding in Apple Hill last year, now is a great time to find out how wonderful it is to explore the area by bike. If you are new to the area, pick up a map before you mount up. The Apple Hill area is a series of ups and downs, with a few absolutely wicked climbs thrown in. Nothing in there is flat. You’ll ride mostly gentle rolling roads through stunning forested ranches with miles of apple trees, some Christmas trees and lower down perhaps a vineyard. Take your time. The roads at this time of year generally have light traffic. There’s not much of a shoulder on the roads. Ride defensively and pay attention to where you are on the road. Having a flashing front and rear light on your bike is a smart idea. Make sure that you obey all the rules of the road. Signal before you turn. When in doubt yield the right of way. Cars outweigh you and your bike. The Apple Hill maps won’t tell you what’s up and down. Riders who know the area have several rides they enjoy, tackling the steeps when it suits them. If you’re new to the area, and don’t want to be surprised by a thigh busting climb, avoid Mace road. Especially for novices, it’s simply brutal. Where do you start? Find a place to park in Camino and ride Carson Road to Boa Vista. Consult your map and head out from there. You might be able to find a spot along the road at Boa Vista, but their parking lot is for their guests. There are places throughout the area where you can park, but remember where you parked. If you’re looking for a flat, or nearly flat, place to ride, you’ll find that they’re scarce as hens teeth around here. The western end of the El Dorado Trail would work. The next place is a bit far away. You’ll have to go to Tahoe and ride the bike trail at Camp Richardson. It’s worth the drive and it is free of snow now. It’s a stunner, and there is that big lake that’s right there too. Goodies when you’re done? Alpina Coffee Cafe, on SR 89. You passed it on the way to the Camp Rich trail. Ooey Gooey Cake would be a good choice after your ride. So many choices, such great weather. Get outside! FacebookTwitter Charlie Ferris Story Archive Search Recent Posts Trojan cheerleaders sign for college 49th Hangtown Classic tomorrow Fire crews train for real life scenarios Denholm big factor in Trojans’ success ‘Big Trophy Night’ at the track tomorrow Heartbreaker for Cougar baseball Roundup: May 18, 2017 Outside with Charlie: Taking the Hill Alisa Merino Golden Sierra hosts Manteca boys volleyball Subscribe via Email Enter your email address to subscribe and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Special Publications » Contact Us | Customer Service Subscribe or Renew Print Edition Submission Forms Facebook Page Twitter Feed Village Life, May 17, 2017 Village Homes, May 17, 2017 Home Source, May 12, 2017 Village Life, May 10, 2017 Stars and Stripes, May 8, 2017 Home Source, May 5, 2017 Spring Home Improvement 2017 Mountain Democrat Readers’ Choice 2016 Gold Country Wine Destinations 2017 Village Homes, May 3, 2017 Village Life, May 3, 2017 Gold Mine Coupons, May 2017 Cameron Park Life, May 2017 Home Source, April 28, 2017 Stars and Stripes, April 24, 2017 Adventures, Spring/Summer 2017 Divide Women in Business 2017 St. Patrick’s Day Count for Cash 2017 Village Life Readers’ Choice 2016 El Dorado County Visitor’s Guide 2016-17 Women in Business 2017 Secrets of Success 2016 Folsom Life Magazine, Fall/Winter 2016 Winter Funtastic 2016 Miracle on Historical Main Street 2016 Leadership El Dorado Adventures, Fall/Winter 2016 El Dorado County Chamber Business Guide 2016 El Dorado County Chamber of Commerce 100th Anniversary Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service (updated 4/30/2015) and Privacy Policy (updated 4/7/2015). Copyright (c) 2017 McNaughton Newspapers, Inc., a family-owned local media company that proudly publishes the Daily Republic, Mountain Democrat, Davis Enterprise, Village Life, Winters Express and other community-driven publications.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Hands on with the new features in Android O Dev Preview 2 [Video] Trending in Google Review: Huawei Watch 2 loses the charm of its predecessor [Video] Trending in Google How to install & run Google Assistant on your Mac or PC desktop [Video] Trending in Google Best Android smartwatches you can buy [May 2017] Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [May 2017] Trending in Google Review: The BlackBerry Keyone is a step back in time that I really want to love [Video] Yesterday GOOG: 930.24 10.62 9to5Toys Lunch Break: Anker Galaxy S8 Cases $3, Blue Yeti Mic $90, Withings Steel HR $143, more Stephen Hall - May. 18th 2017 11:02 am PT @hallstephenj Android 9to5Toys 9to5Toys Lunch Break View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: Samsung 40-inch Smart HDTV for $299 shipped (Reg. $430), more PDFConverterOCR 4 for Mac with a Lifetime License: $17 (Reg. $50) Pad & Quill leather/wood iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch gear 10% off, more Apple Magic Keyboard and Magic Mouse 2 (cert. refurb) for $110 shipped Fast Company, INC, Entrepreneur Magazine Bundle: 1yr for $9 shipped Atomos Ninja Inferno: A great way to speed up your Panasonic GH5 workflow [Video] LG G6 32GB Unlocked Smartphone w/ Watch Style for $600 (Reg. $950) The Magnificent Seven (2016) $1 digital rental (Reg. $5) Canon PIXMA Color Inkjet with AirPrint $37 shipped (Reg. $55+) BOSON Building Blocks bring LEGOs and other projects to Life! LEGO’s latest is a massive 2,800-piece Minecraft Mountain Cave set WATTS is the customizable battery backup system meant to fit any home Ryobi ONE Compact Drill for $99 + one more power tool free (up to $79 savings) Green Deals: Honeywell Wi-Fi Smart Thermostat $125 (Reg. $175+), more Sony Bluetooth Light-Up High Powered Speaker $175 (Reg. $230+) Dyna-Glo Smart Space 3-Burner Gas Grill hits Amazon all-time low at $196 Anker iPhone 7 and Galaxy S8 Minimal Cases in multiple colors $3 (Reg. $10+)   Blue Yeti Blackout Microphone + Watch Dogs 2 for PC: $90 (Reg. $140) Withings Steel HR Smart Watch: $143 (Reg. $180) | Amazon Moto G4 Plus 64GB Android Smartphone + Accessory Bundle: $220 ($335 Value) Powerbeats3 Wireless Earphones hit $120 in multiple colors (Reg. $150) Review: Colorware’s painted JoyCons add a unique and personal touch to Nintendo Switch [Video] Review: Drone Nerds fixed my broken DJI Phantom in just 24 hours Review: LEGO UCS Snowspeeder lives up to the iconic Star Wars vehicle 9to5Rewards: Elago’s W3 and W4 Apple Watch Stands [Giveaway] MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY:   Samsung Gear IconX Cord-free Earbuds w/ 4GB storage $75 shipped Aukey Mini Drone lets you to take the skies for only $20 (Reg. $30) TopScanner PDF app for iPhone and iPad now available for free (Reg. $2) Cut the Buttons HD for iPad now just $1 on the App Store Wrestle Jump’s hilarious iOS local 2-player action free for first time in years App Store Free App of the Week: Little Kitten virtual pet app free (Reg. $2) Transistor action-RPG for iOS drops to $3 (Reg. $5) iPhone 7 BOGO Free Sale at Sprint Apple iPhone 6s Plus 64GB GSM Unlocked in multiple colors for $550 Apple’s non-Touch Bar 13-inch MacBook Pro on sale from $1,280 Save $249 on Apple’s sleek 13-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar Add a HomeKit-enabled Koogeek Smart Plug to your setup for $24 (Reg. $30) eBay takes 20% off tech over $25: iPad mini 2 32GB $184, more Best Buy discounts newest iPad to $300, 128GB marked down to $400 Smartphone Accessories: OontZ Angle 3 PLUS Bluetooth Speaker $24, more Tomoko 87-Key USB Mechanical Keyboard w/ Blue Switches for $27 shipped Daily Deals: Eton All Purpose Weather Alert Radio $80, Samsung 43-inch Curved Smart 4K Ultra HDTV $430, more Kanex debuts new GoPower Magnetic Charging Apple Watch Stand, more Scribd Three-Month Audiobook and Magazine Subscription: FREE (Reg. $27) Logitech G633 Artemis Spectrum Gaming Headset for $70 shipped (Reg. $100) Knots 3D for iOS free for first time in nearly a year (Reg. $2) Today’s Best iOS & Mac Game/App Deals: Brave Guardians, Knots 3D, more Today’s Best Game Deals: Titanfall 2 $20, Star Wars Battlefront from $6, more Dyson Ball Allergy Upright (refurb) $233 (Orig. $350) today only Adobe Photoshop Elements 15 for PC/Mac w/ How-To Guide: $90 Ultimate Fidgeters Bundle Helps Relieve Work Stress for $20 NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Amazon upgrades Fire tablet lineup w/ thinner design and new features [Deal] Nanoleaf ditches the smartphone with its 12-sided Aurora Remote Moog unveils the new limited edition Subsequent 37 CV synth The Witcher takes on Game of Thrones with new Netflix series Alexa-enabled 4K TVs from Westinghouse hit w/ Fire OS built-in Apogee Control now comes free w/ Element 88 Thunderbolt interfaces Jammy: the new portable iOS-connected smart guitar with telescopic neck Mophie’s new Galaxy S8/S8+ cases add up to 3,300mAh of extra power for $99, available now Arckit lets you build custom model cityscapes easier than LEGO Polk’s new Chromecast-powered MagniFi soundbar offers 5.1-Ch. surround sound Gather tames your desk’s clutter with a stylish and modular organizer The Daymak C5 Blast is the “fastest Go-Kart the world has ever seen” SolarGaps window blinds hide built-in solar panels, helps renters save on utilities Elgato’s Stream Deck brings broadcast-level control to your Twitch stream Nike’s new Air Jordan 13 Golf brings iconic retro style to the course LEGO Marvel Super Heroes 2 release date and more [Video] VRgluv will change the future of VR for the better The ClayXYZ 3D Printer lets anyone create ceramic artwork easily and affordably Samson Q2U Podcasting Mic Bundle hits today for under $60 Nike’s new iPhone 7 cases have Air Force 1 and Roshe designs TCL just introduced a line of affordable 4K Roku TVs with Dolby Vision HDR Nintendo Switch gets a complete Super Famicom makeover Mafia 3’s open-world organized crime comes to Mac today Städler Made’s $300 Pizza Oven brings the restaurant experience home Lighthouse uses deep learning to do more than a typical security camera AstroPrint + AstroBox Touch will make 3D printing as easy as Pi Logitech unveils K840 Mechanical Keyboard with custom in-house switches PBS now has an HDMI Streaming Stick w/ Remote just for Kids MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Learn to Code 2017 Bundle: Pay What You Want for iOS and Mac Lessons Sphero’s adorable BB-8 App-enabled Droid is $70 w/ this exclusive code   iOttie Easy One Touch 2 iPhone/Android Car Mount $13 (Reg. $20) Everyone can use an Echo Dot: Just $50! BenQ Home Theater Projector: $380 shipped Polk Audio MagniFi One Sound Bar $150 Belkin Carrying Case for Apple Pencil $15 iClever Bluetooth Earphones w/ Mic $10, more Philips Wake-Up Lights: $40 Harman Kardon 5.1-Ch. Surround Sound System $140 Finish Line’s End of Season Sale: Nike Roshe from $42 George Foreman Grill for $68 (Reg. $85) Ryobi 18V Cordless Trimmer/Blower $159, more O2COOL 10″ Portable Fan down to $18 (25% off) Dyson Refurbished Cinetic Animal Upright Vac from $200 (Orig. $600) Amazon lowers its minimum free shipping threshold! Luvvitt iPhone 7/Plus cases starting at $4 Motor Trend Magazine: 4 yrs. for $12 DJI Phantom 3 Professional Drone with 4K for $549 Huawei Watch Stainless Steel Smartwatches from $170 Eddie Bauer takes 40% off sitewide Sony DualShock PS4 Wireless Controllers down at $38 Philips Sonicare Electric Toothbrushes: $30 Mpow Solar LED Lights from $16, 2-pack $30, more BOGO free tickets to see the new Baywatch movie Hamilton Beach Coffee Percolator hits $27 Starbucks offers a $15 Gift Card w/ $60 purchase Aukey SoundTank Bluetooth Speaker $33, more Arduino Roundup: Robot Car $78, Getting Started eBook $10 and more! Amazon offers a $10 credit for new Music Unlimited streaming customers Stephen Hall @hallstephenj Stephen is Managing Editor at 9to5Google. Twitter DMs are open. Tips always welcome, never expected. Favorite Gear 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar Anker PowerCore 26800 Amazon Echo Dot Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide 9to5Toys View THe Guide 9to5Toys Lunch Break View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Thursday, May 18, 2017 [Tweets] [Favorites] Apple Wants 30% of Tips From Chinese Chat Apps Tim Hardwick: Apple has told several Chinese social networking apps to disable their “tip” functions to comply with App Store rules, according to executives at WeChat and other companies. The tip functions in Chinese messaging platforms are free to use and allow people to send authors and other content creators monetary tips through transfers to mobile wallet accounts. However, according to The Wall Street Journal, Apple has decided that tips are equivalent to in-app purchases – similar to buying games, music, and videos – therefore Apple is entitled to a 30 percent cut of every transaction. […] The annoyance stems from the way the tipping culture is viewed in China. Chinese app developers see tipping as fundamentally different from in-app purchases because users only tip voluntarily as a mark of appreciation when they consume content. It sounds kind of like Apple asking for a cut of every PayPal transaction that’s initiated through an app. That really doesn’t make much sense. The promise of in-app purchase was that it was supposed to make purchases uniformly easy for the customer. Instead, Apple’s insistence on 30% is degrading the user experience (e.g. Kindle) and encouraging developers to complicate their apps to route around the fee. And if Tencent doesn’t back down—and I don’t see why they would—this could really hurt iOS in China. Hopefully this spat will trigger a rethinking of Apple’s policies. Previously: Apple’s China Problem: WeChat. App Store In-App Purchase iOS iOS 10 iOS App WeChat 3 Comments 3 Comments Lukas May 18, 2017 3:31 PM So presumably, at least in some cases (e.g. YouTube), the chat app takes a cut, the payment processor takes a cut, and now Apple wants a cut, too. So in the end, the person receiving the tip is left with a fraction of what was originally sent. Sounds like a great system. Chucky May 18, 2017 4:49 PM "The promise of in-app purchase was that it was supposed to make purchases uniformly easy for the customer. Instead, Apple’s insistence on 30% is degrading the user experience (e.g. Kindle) and encouraging developers to complicate their apps to route around the fee. And if Tencent doesn’t back down—and I don’t see why they would—this could really hurt iOS in China. Hopefully this spat will trigger a rethinking of Apple’s policies." Well, I don't think Apple gives a goddamn about degrading the UX if they can keep growing "beyond the box" revenue. But, yeah, Apple's weakness in China is the one thing I can imagine giving them pause on really pushing this. ----- Also, I mentioned this on the relevant thread, but am I the only one who thinks Amazon Video coming to the Apple TV in a deal which will almost definitely involve Apple giving up their cut on rental/purchase of video is a really big deal? It seems to me that this will set a precedent that will play out in very unpredictable ways, among other big companies, public relations, and even legal issues... Michael Tsai May 18, 2017 4:58 PM @Chucky Yes, it’s all connected. Amazon Video and WeChat are like dominoes. The way Apple handles its cut for those two will affect the entire app ecosystem and, as you say, potentially other companies and industries. Stay up-to-date by subscribing to the Comments RSS Feed for this post. Leave a Comment Name E-mail (will not be published) Web site ←   Blog Archives Tag Cloud RSS RSS Comments Trackback Try my apps: DropDMG EagleFiler SpamSieve Copyright © 2000–2017 Michael Tsai.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman The best gadgets and wearables promoting women’s health Whether with apps, gadgets, or anything in between, technology has made incredible advances with helping the human body. As we celebrate this month’s National Women’s Health Week, let’s take a look at some of the latest technology helping women maintain their health and wellness. Digital Trends reports the latest in Apple Watch rumors, writing that the Apple Watch 3 may include sensors that can monitor blood glucose levels. With diabetes research being a big area of interest for the company, Apple may be revolutionizing glucose monitoring for the millions of people suffering from diabetes. Exercise and lifestyle company Adidas recently launched their All Day fitness app for women. Gadgets and Wearables writes that this app offers meal plans, workouts customized for the user, sleep aids, and mindfulness regimen. This app also lets users in on fitness advice from experts, as well as curating personal music playlists for workouts. Unique in its mix of content within the app, All Day is available for users on both iOS and Android. Women who run can now benefit from gadget-less cardio time with OMsignal’s new smart sports bra. Sports Illustrated reports that the “OMbra” is outfitted with both heart and breathing sensors so that women don’t have to be bogged down by extra technology. The documentary Detected explores a similar style of bra technology—a smart IT Bra that can help detect breast cancer. The innovative piece of Internet of Things technology is highlighted in the new film, which Cisco and Ironbound Films partnered to bring to life. You can catch a screening of this documentary June 5, 2017 in Beverly Hills, California. To RSVP, please check here.                                                                                     ### CategoriesUncategorized TagsInternet-of-Things Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Europe, the Middle East and Africa PET Packaging Market- Growth Opportunities by Regions, Type and Application; Trends Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Major Beard – The Ultimate Resource in Beards & Shaving for the Modern Man Search Recent Posts YASH Technologies Announces Acquisition of UK-Headquartered ITPM Consulting IBM Launches Accelerator Program to Kickstart Blockchain Adoption for Enterprises Grand Opening – City Ventures New Home Community in Santa Cruz – Beachwood IntegReview IRB and Veritas IRB Announce Partnership to Provide Accredited Ethics Review Services in the U.S. and Canada Bombardier Commercial Aircraft presenta premios al rendimiento excepcional de aerolínea y proveedor en 2016 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 Portfolio Perspective Iconic Tour College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Transformers Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide EU hopes Ireland will recover money from Apple 'very soon' Silvia Amaro | @Silvia_Amaro 15 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Francois Lenoir | Reuters European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager holds a news conference at EU Commission headquarters in Brussels, July 14, 2016. EU's Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager told CNBC that Irish authorities are "taking too long" to get unpaid taxes from Apple. Speaking to CNBC over the phone on Thursday, Vestager said she hopes Ireland will recover 13 billion euros ($14.46 billion) from Apple "very soon". The European Commission ruled last August that Ireland had granted undue tax benefits of up to 13 billion euros to Apple. The illegal tax aid has created tensions between Brussels and Dublin, given that the latter doesn't want to be seen as unfriendly to business. At the time, Apple's CEO Tim Cook said the EU's decision would harm future investment decisions in Europe, but Vestager has downplayed the impact. "I haven't seen any evidence of that," Vestager told CNBC, mentioning the advantages that companies have when accessing the European market, which has a potential customer base of more than 500 million. 'Few more' ongoing investigations  On Thursday, the European Commission fined U.S. giant Facebook for providing "misleading" information about its acquisition of messaging service WhatsApp. Vestager told CNBC that the 110 million euro ($122 million) fine is the final amount. Facebook admitted that it made a mistake, though without intention. When asked if this attitude marked a change in how companies respond to the commission's investigations, Vestager said: "It is too early to say." For example, Apple's Tim Cook dubbed the decision on its tax arrangements with Ireland as "political crap". Vestager admitted that there are "a few more" similar investigations going on. However, cases of companies giving wrong information about their acquisitions plans "are quite rare". Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Silvia AmaroDigital Reporter, CNBC.com
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 237% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 56% Income Investor Dividend stocks 45% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 53% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 30% Returns as of 5/18/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 237% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 56% Income Investor Dividend stocks 45% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 53% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 30% Returns as of 5/18/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Qualcomm to Pressure Apple Via Suppliers Contract manufacturers owe that money, irrespective of Apple's beef with Qualcomm. Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) May 18, 2017 at 2:23PM The ongoing legal battle between Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has just escalated yet again. The Mac maker recently began withholding royalty payments altogether via its contract manufacturers (CMs), causing Qualcomm to reduce its third-quarter revenue guidance by $500 million. Typically, Apple pays these royalty costs to its suppliers, who then subsequently remit that payment to Qualcomm, since the CMs have direct licensing agreements with Qualcomm. Once Apple stopped paying its suppliers, those suppliers in turn stopped paying Qualcomm. The trouble is that the agreements between CMs and Qualcomm are still valid and enforceable, as Qualcomm noted on its earnings call last month. Earlier this month, Qualcomm was reportedly exploring an import injunction to block the iPhone, and the latest development is that Qualcomm is now going directly after CMs for what it says it's owed. Confused yet? Image source: Court filings. Stuck in the middle with you The mobile chip giant has filed suit against four prominent Taiwanese CMs, including Foxconn. The company alleges that the CMs are "breaching their license agreements and other commitments with Qualcomm and refusing to pay for use of Qualcomm's licensed technologies." Apple has told its CMs not to pay royalties and has said it will cover the cost of any damages associated with breaching these agreements, according to Qualcomm's complaint, although Apple disputed this characterization in a statement to The Verge. The CMs are getting caught in the crossfire in an escalating battle between two of the most powerful tech companies in the smartphone market. It's not all that surprising that it's come to this, as Qualcomm has made it clear that it will explore all legal avenues to collect. Putting pressure on CMs will effectively put more pressure on Apple in turn, since Apple's beef is with Qualcomm and not its CMs. (Although Apple isn't keen on the fact that CMs don't really bother negotiating favorable terms, as Apple foots the bill.) Qualcomm will probably win these suits Since the agreements between CMs and Qualcomm are valid and enforceable, irrespective of direct disputes between Apple and Qualcomm, Qualcomm has a good shot of winning these complaints, according to BMO Capital analyst Tim Long. This puts the CMs in a precarious position. Image source: Apple. While the CMs collectively have enough cash to pay -- an estimated $25 billion combined -- they have thin operating margins and aren't going to want to essentially spot Apple the cash, particularly as Apple is the richest company on Earth. The CMs could theoretically turn around and file suit against Apple to get the money, but that clearly threatens the relationships that CMs have with one of their largest customers. Legal battles of this magnitude can be protracted, and there's potentially billions of dollars hanging in the balance until it all gets sorted out. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info May 18, 2017 at 2:23PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $152.54 up $2.29 (1.52%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $56.12 up $0.76 (1.37%) Read More Apple, Inc. Stock Hits New High: Buy, Sell, or Hold? Apple Is Now The World's Biggest Dividend Payer Apple's iPhone Is Losing Ground in China This Apple Inc. Watch Competitor Totally Failed This Apple Inc. iPhone Rumor Sounds Sketchy Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Qualcomm to Pressure Apple Via Suppliers @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $QCOM
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Apple adds more social-networking features to… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: KD fitting in U2 concert woes Q&A: Mike Krukow U2 concert fallout Fire at Google conference IBM: No more work-from-home Business Apple wants its stores to be more than a place to buy products Company is adding more social-networking features to its Apple Stores Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) An iMac displays artwork produced on an “iPad Air 2 + Waterlogue” by Craig & Karl in iDraw, at the Apple store in Palo Alto, Calif., on Thursday, Jan. 8, 2015. Apple is featuring artists who use Apple products to produce art. (Nhat V. Meyer/Bay Area News Group) By Patrick May | pmay@bayareanewsgroup.com | Bay Area News Group PUBLISHED: May 18, 2017 at 11:08 am | UPDATED: May 18, 2017 at 1:19 pm Angela Ahrendts, Apple’s high priestess for all things retail, wants to harness her inventory of company stores around the world to be much more than simply places to buy iPhones and iPads. Related Articles Apple stores around Bay Area targeted by grab-and-go thieves Biz Break: Apple gets cranking on iPhones in India Apple’s pizza box keeps the cafeteria pies warm Angela Ahrendts looks to revive Apple Stores’ lagging sales Talking to a LinkedIn blog this week to share her vision, Apple’s senior vice president for retail described about how so-called “influencers” will be able to share their art and ideas in a communal setting within Apple stores. These “thinkers, leaders, and culture-makers” who “feed” our curiosity and “reinforce” our ideas will turn Apple stores into repositories of creative sparks and incubators of world-changing ideas, if, that is, things go according to Ahrendts’ plan. “An influencer to me is someone who shares their journey—the ups and downs—and their approach to their craft or the spark that ignites a new interest allowing people to do more and go further,” she writes. “At their core, an influencer creates an empowering human connection. This is the essence of our new in-store experience, ‘Today at Apple,’ bringing a community of people together to influence one another, to learn, share, and experience their Apple passions like music, photography, videography, art and coding. Free and open to everyone, everyday—kids, parents, educators, entrepreneurs, and more.” Ahrendts goes on to say what every fanboy and girl out there already knows as Steve Jobs’ gospel: “At Apple, we believe that people with passion can change the world. In an era of social everything, we want to spark possibility and opportunity in the creative arts, in real life, person to person. Across our almost 500 stores through our 60,000 incredible employees impacting their local communities.” The goal, says Ahrendts, is to turn every Apple Store into a town square where people with similar interests can gather and share ideas and experiences. The message then sends readers to the Today at Apple site where you can plug in your local store and pull up a list of activities at each venue. Besides offering things like workshops like editing classes for the Mac and adding voice-over to your iPhone video, the initiative offers new sessions to learn and share ideas about using iPads for hearing loss and finding creative ways to store those billions of old photos you’ve got on your iPhone 7. The stores will also offer special classes for kids and for businesses. Every single store will offer a Kid’s Hour every Saturday morning. At the Apple Store in Walnut Creek this afternoon, for example, you can join others on a “Photo Walk: Framing Architecture and Details.” In fact, this weekend every Apple Store on the planet will be offering photo walks, too. And stores will also offer Studio Hours, which are open work sessions where users can come in and get help from trained staff and other Apple customers with their personal projects. “Discover a new angle on photographing buildings, monuments, architectural details, and structures,” says the pitch. “Bring your iPhone or iPad and we’ll share techniques for composing your shot, and show you how to consider light and shadow to emphasize details and lines. Wear comfortable shoes and bring only what you need—including a fully charged device.” The program is not completely new by any means – for years, Apple has offered classes and speakers inside many of its stores, with some of the larger locations equipped with spacious classrooms. But with Today at Apple, the Cupertino tech giant is jumping even higher onto a social-networking bandwagon that everyone from Google (“Google Groups allows you to create and participate in online forums and email-based groups with a rich experience for community conversations.”) to Facebook (“Whether it’s a road trip, a bachelor party, or your concert bucket list, groups make it easy to coordinate with friends near and far. Share documents, project updates, poll your team for feedback. A group lets you communicate in one searchable space.”) Even Airbnb has joined the fray with its “Experiences” which allow guests to join others and do communal activities in different cities around the world. ______________________________________________________________ Cupertino, California — Apple today announced plans to launch dozens of new educational sessions next month in all 495 Apple stores ranging in topics from photo and video to music, coding, art and design and more. The hands-on sessions, collectively called “Today at Apple,” will be led by highly-trained team members, and in select cities world-class artists, photographers and musicians, teaching sessions from basics and how-to lessons to professional-level programs. “At the heart of every Apple Store is the desire to educate and inspire the communities we serve,” said Angela Ahrendts, Apple’s senior vice president, Retail. “‘Today at Apple’ is one of the ways we’re evolving our experience to better serve local customers and entrepreneurs. We’re creating a modern-day town square, where everyone is welcome in a space where the best of Apple comes together to connect with one another, discover a new passion, or take their skill to the next level. We think it will be a fun and enlightening experience for everyone who joins.” ______________________________________________________________ Tags:  Apple Regional Retail Technology Patrick May Patrick May is an award-winning writer for the Bay Area News Group working with the business desk as a general assignment reporter. Over his 34 years in daily newspapers, he has traveled overseas and around the nation, covering wars and natural disasters, writing both breaking news stories and human-interest features. He has won numerous national and regional writing awards during his years as a reporter, 17 of them spent at the Miami Herald. Follow Patrick May @patmaymerc Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular IBM tells remote employees to get back to the office Fire causes burn injuries at Google’s big conference in Mountain View Kiran Pabla jogging death: Street racer gets year in jail Santa Clara leaders ‘disappointed’ the U2 concert blew curfew Zaza Pachulia can travel to San Antonio: Judge denies restraining order Curry, teammates reassure Pachulia anticipating hostile San Antonio reception Three Warriors named to All-NBA teams, but they wanted four Mullin: Curry operating at a historic level in playoffs More in Business Will new state refinery safety rule save lives, prevent toxic releases? May 18, 2017, 8:26 pm California officials say new rule is most protective of refinery workers and neighbors in the nation Tesla workers raise concerns as production set to jump May 18, 2017, 7:48 pm Tesla workers continue to raise concerns over factory conditions. CEO Elon Musk says the company has improved its safety record. Uber tackles trucking with launch of new Uber Freight app May 18, 2017, 4:23 pm The new app, which will connect truck drivers with companies looking to ship goods, is Uber’s latest expansion beyond its original ride-hailing service. Palo Alto: Buena Vista Mobile Home Park is saved May 18, 2017, 5:44 pm Santa Clara County Supervisor Joe Simitian, who had long championed the effort to save the park, called it a “great, great day,” adding that the agreement is a successful resolution that preserves more than 100 units of “desperately needed affordable housing,” prevents evictions of low-income residents and gives the property owner a fair shake. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 237% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 56% Income Investor Dividend stocks 45% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 53% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 30% Returns as of 5/18/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 237% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 56% Income Investor Dividend stocks 45% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 53% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 30% Returns as of 5/18/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Apple Inc.'s iPhone 8 Looks Great This purported iPhone 8 mock-up shows a beautiful device. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) May 18, 2017 at 1:30PM Website BGR has published some images of an Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 8 "mock-up." The mock-up, it says, "is believed to feature Apple's final design." "The mockup doesn't feature any indication of a fingerprint scanner on the back of the phone," BGR explained, "however not all markings are present on the dummy, so it's not clear if this is an indication that the phone's TouchID sensor will be embedded in the display." Image source: Apple. The images depict a device that's largely what people probably expect at this point given the leaks: a vertically oriented camera bump, glass front and back, and a stainless steel frame. And, to be quite blunt, the device looks great. A much-needed visual overhaul One of the problems with Apple's current iPhone models is that they look nearly identical to the iPhone 6/6 Plus devices that launched back in 2014. At the time, the phones looked good and represented an interesting departure from the iPhone 5/5s designs (though, let's be honest, if the phones just had larger screens, they'd have been interesting). However, three years later, the designs are no longer "fresh," owing to both Apple's continued reuse of the basic shape as well as the fact that many competing smartphone vendors (particularly China-based) have tried to imitate the design. The mock-up that BGR showed is aesthetically pleasing, fresh, and, frankly, looks much more "premium" than the current iPhone models. It'll all come down to Touch ID At this point, from an aesthetic perspective, Apple seems to have gotten the iPhone 8 right. And, I'm sure when we see the final device, complete with its new OLED display, it'll be a very beautiful piece of technology to behold. That, in my humble opinion, could help drive significant excitement for the new iPhone models. However, there's still the issue of what Apple is going to do about Touch ID. If Apple successfully manages to integrate it into the display, then not only would that be an impressive engineering achievement, but it'd also ensure that the iPhone 8 won't have any obvious competitive deficiencies throughout the product cycle. If Apple totally removes Touch ID or, alternatively, adds a rear-mounted fingerprint scanner (like the one employed in the Galaxy S8), though, then that could represent a substantial step back in terms of the user experience relative to the current iPhone models. It would also give Apple's competitors, which tend to launch new devices in the middle of Apple's product cycles, opportunities to one-up it.  It's not clear how much such an engineering compromise would impact demand for the new devices, but if I had to guess, I'd say that a Touch ID sensor embedded directly in the display would lead to better sales than a rear-mounted one (though how much better is virtually impossible to quantify). At this stage of the game, Apple should be close to finalizing the iPhone 8 design, if it hasn't already. What this means, then, is that leaks from those analysts/publications with reliable sources in the supply chain (e.g., KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo or Nikkei Asian Review) shouldn't be too far off now. I suspect that we'll know more about the iPhone 8's Touch ID implementation soon. Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info May 18, 2017 at 1:30PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $152.54 up $2.29 (1.52%) Read More Apple, Inc. Stock Hits New High: Buy, Sell, or Hold? Apple Is Now The World's Biggest Dividend Payer Apple's iPhone Is Losing Ground in China This Apple Inc. Watch Competitor Totally Failed This Apple Inc. iPhone Rumor Sounds Sketchy Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Apple Inc.'s iPhone 8 Looks Great @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 -1 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple’s iPhone 8 will basically bring back the headphone jack Zach Epstein BGR News May 18, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Rumors surrounding Apple’s upcoming iPhone 8 have been swirling for months now, and it seems like most of the major bases have been covered. The tenth-anniversary iPhone will seemingly sport a bold new design with glass panels on the front and back, and a stainless steel mid-frame sandwiched between them. There will not be a physical home button on the front of the phone. Instead, the display will barely have any bezel around it, and the Touch ID fingerprint scanner will be embedded beneath the display itself. There are some other rumors that cover additional new features, such as a vertically oriented dual-lens rear camera that enables new augmented reality features. There will also apparently be a front-facing 3D camera for facial recognition and 3D scanning. Well, there’s another new feature coming to the iPhone 8 that will address people’s biggest complaint surrounding last year’s iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. That’s right, the headphone jack will make its triumphant return to the iPhone this year. Well, sort of. Don't Miss: Exclusive: The world’s first look at Apple’s final iPhone 8 design in real life Some people went completely crazy when they learned that Apple was ditching the 3.5mm audio jack on the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Sure it’s a dedicated legacy port, as Apple explained when it unveiled the phones, but hundreds of millions of people around the world still use it each and every day. To accommodate those people, Apple included a 3.5mm to Lightning adapter with every iPhone 7 and 7 Plus that would allow users to connect legacy headphones. That’s all well and good, but there’s one glaring omission with Apple’s solution: People still had no way to charge their phones and listen to music through wired headphones at the same time. There are plenty of third-party adapters that allow people to connect a Lightning charger and 3.5mm headphones at the same time, but people have had mixed experiences using them. The bottom line, however, is that you shouldn’t need a third-party accessory to listen to music and charge your iPhone at the same time… especially when some iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus models don’t work properly with wireless headphones. In 2017, Apple will finally offer a real solution to this problem. That’s right, the iPhone 8 is bringing back the headphone jack. No, it won’t be a 3.5mm headphone jack and you’ll still need an adapter if you want to connect 3.5mm headphones to your iPhone. As we saw in the iPhone 8 mockup photos we exclusively published on Wednesday, the Lightning port is still the only port on the bottom of the phone. But the new iPhone’s Lightning port will always be free and clear, waiting for users to connect their headphones even while the phone is charging. How is that going to work? Simple: Apple’s next-generation iPhone will finally support wireless charging. Like the Galaxy S8 and countless other Android phones that have been released over the past few years, Apple’s next-generation iPhones are expected to support wireless charging. While nothing is confirmed, the news comes from multiple independent reports from sources with solid track records. Since wireless chargers work simply by placing the device on a charging pad (or by clipping it in a wireless charging cradle while driving in your car), the Lightning port will be free and clear for users to connect Lightning headphones, or to connect the included Lightning to 3.5 mm headphone jack adapter to connect standard headphones or an aux cable. Wireless headphones are the future. We all know this, and sales of wireless headphones are skyrocketing. If you’re stuck in the past, however, you’ll no longer have any problem listening to music while charging your phone beginning with this year’s new iPhone models. Trending right now: Exclusive: The world’s first look at Apple’s final iPhone 8 design in real life If this OnePlus 5 rumor is true, just buy the Galaxy S8 instead All the Trump insanity you missed while you were sleeping last night See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Meet this new apple-picking robot Yahoo Tech New Model 3 spy shot shows off an elegant wood trim on the interior BGR News Pogue's Basics: How to create a search-and-replace macro in Word Yahoo Tech Control your Roomba with just your voice via this new Alexa integration Yahoo Tech We noshed on Nougat, and Android 7.0 is Google’s sweetest update yet Yahoo Tech Exclusive: The world’s first look at Apple’s final iPhone 8 design in real life BGR News Google Earth’s new update will take you anywhere in the world Yahoo Tech Build your own DIY video game console Yahoo Tech NASA just discovered a bizarre ‘bubble’ around Earth, and humans accidentally created it BGR News The first flying car is available for pre-order Yahoo Tech
Review: iWalk Watchman Backup Battery for Apple Watch, iPhone, and iPad | iLounge iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Apple bans ‘tips’ in popular… Google launches The Google Assistant, announces… Qualcomm sues Apple suppliers over withholding… Apple begins production of iPhone SE in India Apple launches new site for Today at Apple… Apple Pay goes live in Italy REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product iWalk Watchman Backup Battery for Apple Watch,… Periodic Audio Mg, Ti, & Be In-Ear Monitors Hidrate Spark 2.0 Smart Water Bottle 808 Audio Canz GLO and Canz H2O Bluetooth… Adaptive Sound Technologies LectroFan micro… FABRIQ AirPlay and Bluetooth Alexa-Enabled… FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Native Union Cosmos Edition Lightning Cables Twelve South RelaxedLeather for iPhone 7… Just Mobile Xtand Vent Twelve South Journal for iPhone 7 and iPhone… DODOcase Leather Card Case for iPhone 7 and… Twelve South BookBook for iPhone 7 and iPhone… MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Aspyr Media Mafia III Satechi Type-C Pro Hub for MacBook Pro Bloop Airmail 3.2.5 Blizzard Entertainment StarCraft Overmacs PhotoSweeper 3.0 Logitech MK850 Performance Wireless Keyboard… HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Sharing HomeKit Access Correcting your iPhone’s Pronunciation Opening a Playlist in a separate window in… Extracting a still image from a video using… Converting your child’s Apple ID into… Taking screenshots on your Apple Watch DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: XXL Shower Speaker Daily Deal: SainSmart UNO for Arduino Daily Deal: Disconnect Lifetime Premium Subscription Daily Deal: Aerix Black Talon 2.0 Micro FPV… Daily Deal: FreeStereo Twins Wireless Bluetooth… Daily Deal: Zoolz Dual Cloud 1TB Storage,… GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News Review Review: iWalk Watchman Backup Battery for Apple Watch, iPhone, and iPad B+ Recommended Learn How We Rate Products Company: iWalk Model: Watchman Price: $140 Share This Article: By Jesse Hollington @jhollington ● 14 hours ago Jesse Hollington While external battery packs are becoming pretty generic, we've generally been pretty impressed with what iWalk has done with its battery packs over the years, providing good, high-capacity battery options at pretty reasonable prices. So we were somewhat intrigued when iWalk announced their new Watchman battery pack that provides the same 10,000 mAh capacity that the company has been known for, while also incorporating an Apple Watch charger. While iWalk is a bit late to the Apple Watch charging game, it's worth noting that it carries around twice the capacity of competing Apple Watch battery packs, albeit with a corresponding price premium. Watchman sports a fairly minimalist design in comparison to the company’s other products we’ve looked at — it’s basically a rectangular brick that’s roughly the size of an iPhone 7, with a circular Apple Watch induction charging pad on top. A power button, USB-A and micro-USB port are found on one end, while a built-in Lightning cable folds out from the side. Unlike iWalk’s Trio, there’s no advanced charging status display included either; a three-LED light on the front simply shows you a basic view of the battery’s capacity. A USB to micro-USB cable is included for charging the Watchman, but you’ll need to supply your own 2A USB power source for maximum charging efficiency. A simple press of the button turns the battery pack on, at which point it will begin supplying power to both the Apple Watch charger and any device attached to the built-in Lightning cable or the USB-A port on the bottom. iWalk promises the Watchman can provide up to 12 full recharges of an Apple Watch, or about three recharges of an iPhone 7, which seemed about right in our testing. However, most users will likely charge both an iPhone and an Apple Watch, in which case of course you should expect to get fewer charges of each; in our experience Watchman was good for about three nights of charging up an iPhone 7 Plus and an Apple Watch before it needed to be juiced back up — still pretty impressive numbers that would allow you to take Watchman along with you on a weekend excursion without having to worry about finding somewhere to plug in at night. That said, Watchman also supports pass-through charging, so if you choose you can simply bring along a single USB charger to plug in at night in your hotel room, thereby saving the battery capacity for when you really need it. It’s one less charger to bring with you, and you can leave your Apple Watch charger at home on your bedside table. Unfortunately, Watchman lacks Nightstand support for the Apple Watch, which is rather disappointing for a device that we think a lot of users would travel with; Nightstand mode is a feature that we find particularly useful when staying away from home. The magnet on the Apple Watch charger is strong enough that you can stand Watchman up if you really want to use Nightstand mode, but you’ll need to prop it up against something to do so — it’s ultimately more of a kludge than a feature. That said, Watchman isn’t really alone in this limitation; the only Apple Watch battery pack we’ve looked at that does provide Nightstand mode support is Zagg’s Mobile Charging Station, however it’s half the capacity and you have to supply your own Apple Watch charger. We also found the LED on Watchman to be glaringly bright — something that’s not really all that great if you’re using it on your bedside table at night. Depending on your choice of watch band, you can mitigate this somewhat by angling the Apple Watch slightly so that it covers the LED, but we still found ourselves wishing that iWalk had chosen a more discrete indicator. While Watchman doesn’t come cheap, it’s important to keep in mind that it’s only the second battery pack we’ve seen that provides a built-in Apple Watch charger, following Kanex’s GoPower Watch — a $100 option that provides 60 percent less capacity than Watchman. By comparison, less expensive — and similarly lower capacity — options such as Zagg’s Mobile Charging Station and Nomad’s Pod Pro both sell for $80, but require that you supply your own Apple Watch charging cable. Knowing Apple, it’s almost guaranteed that there’s an “Apple tax” built into the price to account for the MFi licensing fees required by the use of the Apple Watch charger, and we’ve been debating the tradeoffs between supplying your own Apple Watch charger versus paying extra for a built-in one for a while now — if you’re willing to use the charging cable that came with your Apple Watch, you can certainly save a few bucks with one of the “BYOC” options, or even just go with a generic battery pack like iWalk’s Extreme Trio, which offers twice the capacity of those options for about the same price. However, when you factor in the $30 price tag of an official Apple Watch charging cable, the asking price of iWalk’s Watchman isn’t as steep as it may seem at first glance; there’s no doubt that you’re paying a premium for the convenience of having everything in a single pack, but we think that this “just throw it in your bag and go” aspect is something that frequent travellers will appreciate. Watchman is a solid solution that’s worthy of our strong general recommendation.   Comments I can't see the charm in this at the price point. I have an Anker device that can charge the snot out of everything, including an  Watch over and over for way less than half price. Sure, it doesn't have the  Watch dock, but is that worth the premium? Not to me... Posted by Svender on 2017-05-18 17:29:39 Editors' Note: iLounge only reviews products in "final" form, but many companies now change their offerings - sometimes several times - after our reviews have been published. This iLounge article provides more information on this practice, known as revving. Related First Looks + Reviews iHome iPLWBT5 Docking Clock Radio for iPhone… Twelve South HiRise Duet for Apple Watch… Mophie Hold Force Magnetic Case System for… Nomad Pod Pro for iPhone and Apple Watch Kanex GoPower Watch Portable Battery for… Belkin PowerHouse Charge Dock for Apple Watch… Recent Accessory News Apple extends repair coverage on iPad Pro Smart Keyboards to three years for ‘functional issues’ Logitech reveals Slim Folio Bluetooth keyboard case for fifth-generation iPad Urbanears launches new lineup of Wi-Fi Connected Speakers Fabricate announces Nearbuds for AirPods Apple patent points to possible new Smart Keyboard with dedicated ‘Share’ and ‘Emoji’ keys Delayed BeatsX headphones to hit stores Feb. 10 Apple releases firmware 3.5.1 update for AirPods Rumor: Apple working on second-generation Apple Pencil Spigen AirPods Stand coming in mid-February Energous CEO says long-range wireless charging coming by end of 2017 New Griffin Home lineup includes app-enabled Connected Mirror, Coffee Maker, Toaster Kanex reveals GoPlay Sidekick wireless game controller for iOS devices, Apple TV Incipio’s OX case adds headphone jack to iPhone 7, 7 Plus Apple giving away Beats Solo3 headphones with some purchases for Chinese New Year AirPods coming to Apple retail stores Monday Dec. 19 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple So long, Siri: Google Assistant for iPhone is available for download Zach Epstein BGR News May 18, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Sorry, Siri, but it looks like your days may be numbered. Apple’s virtual personal assistant software started a revolution and every one of Apple’s rivals now offers a voice-controlled AI product of some sort. Interestingly, we’ve seen something of a role reversal in this important space. Apple typically waits until it comes as close as possible to perfecting a new technology, and then launches it after other companies have already dipped their toes. There are plenty of exceptions, but that’s generally Apple’s M.O. With Siri, Apple was first out of the gate, having launched the product in beta back in 2011. Countless users would argue that Siri is still in beta, however, because they constantly encounter problems while trying to use it. If you count yourself among the iOS users who can’t stand Siri, you’re in luck: Google Assistant has officially arrived on the iPhone, and is available right now as a free download. Don't Miss: The 12 biggest announcements from Google I/O 2017 With Google Assistant, Google pulled an Apple. The company entered the voice-powered assistant space long after Apple did, but it released what many people believe to be a vastly superior product. In fact, events unfolded much the same way as they did in the smartwatch market, but reversed: Android watches came out first, but they were (and still are?) awful. Then the Apple Watch came along and showed people how impressive a smartwatch could be. Visit an Apple-focused subreddit or just about any Apple fan forum on the planet, and you’ll see endless complaints focused on Siri. Meanwhile, Google Assistant is praised almost universally by its users. If you’re an iPhone owner in the United States and you want to see what all the fuss is about, you finally can without having to buy a Google Home. The brand new Google Assistant app for iOS is available for download right now in the US App Store, and you’ll find a download link below. The Google Assistant Meet your Google Assistant. Ask it questions. Tell it to do things. It’s your own personal Google, always ready to help. Whether you need a reminder to pick up milk, help finding your travel photos or need to make a dinner reservation, your Assistant is ready to help. To get started, press the mic icon or start typing. Some things your Assistant can help with: – Make quick phone calls (e.g. “Call Mom.”) – Send text messages (e.g. “Text my bestie.”) – Send emails (e.g. “Email your boss the latest TPS report.”) – Set reminders (e.g. “Remind me to buy a birthday gift for Sarah.”) – Set calendar events (e.g. “Set a calendar event for dinner with Charlie tomorrow from 7-9.”) – Play music (e.g. “Play Jazz music on Youtube.”) – Navigate to places (e.g. “Get me directions home.”) – Ask it anything (e.g. “Will I need an umbrella today?”) Download The Google Assistant Trending right now: Exclusive: The world’s first look at Apple’s final iPhone 8 design in real life If this OnePlus 5 rumor is true, just buy the Galaxy S8 instead Android O Beta is available to download the easy way See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Meet this new apple-picking robot Yahoo Tech New Model 3 spy shot shows off an elegant wood trim on the interior BGR News Pogue's Basics: How to create a search-and-replace macro in Word Yahoo Tech Control your Roomba with just your voice via this new Alexa integration Yahoo Tech We noshed on Nougat, and Android 7.0 is Google’s sweetest update yet Yahoo Tech Apple’s iPhone 8 will basically bring back the headphone jack BGR News Google Earth’s new update will take you anywhere in the world Yahoo Tech Build your own DIY video game console Yahoo Tech Exclusive: The world’s first look at Apple’s final iPhone 8 design in real life BGR News The first flying car is available for pre-order Yahoo Tech
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Energy Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Biotech Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Celebrities Features Science Health Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Survey Says 92 Percent Of iPhone Owners Will Remain Loyal To Apple: Beat That, Samsung 18 May 2017, 1:06 pm EDT By Aaron Mamiit Tech Times WATCH RELATED VIDEO Remembering Apple iPhone 1Now Playing The Evolution of iPhoneNow Playing Apple - Here's What You May Not KnowNow Playing A survey claims that 92 percent of current iPhone owners will likely upgrade to a new iPhone over the next year. This impressive customer loyalty could prove to be one of Apple's most important advantages over rivals such as Samsung.  ( Sean Gallup | Getty Images ) Beyond specifications and features, it seems that Apple has a hidden advantage over Samsung in the cutthroat smartphone industry — customer loyalty. The results of the new survey are very significant at this time, especially as Apple is believed to be preparing to unveil three new iPhone models in September. Apple Beats Samsung In Customer Loyalty According to a survey conducted by AlphaWise, 92 percent of current iPhone owners are "somewhat or extremely likely" to purchase a new iPhone as an upgrade over the next 12 months. The results, reported in a research note by Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty, revealed that Apple has a wide margin in terms of customer loyalty compared to other smartphone manufacturers. Only 77 percent of current Samsung smartphone owners will likely stick with the brand for their next purchase, and only 59 percent for LG, 56 percent for Motorola, and 42 percent for Nokia. The extremely high loyalty rate for Apple customers is an increase from the 86 percent score that the survey reported last year. It is also the highest retention rate for iPhone customers ever recorded by Morgan Stanley since the record high of 93 percent from September 2015, when Apple launched the iPhone 6s. The survey was conducted in April among 1,000 smartphone owners in the United States with ages of 18 years old and above. Its results were part of the reason why Morgan Stanley analysts increased the price target for Apple stock from $161 to $177, with the analysts expecting even more positive estimate revisions over the next two quarters. Apple Prepares To Launch Three New iPhone Models The significant increase in brand loyalty among iPhone owners comes as the expected September announcement of three new iPhone models draws nearer. Apple customer loyalty also increased despite the launch of Samsung's latest flagship smartphone, the Galaxy S8. The incredibly strong customer loyalty enjoyed by Apple coincides with the decrease in iPhone units sold in the company's fiscal second quarter. Apple partly attributed the lower number of iPhones sold to customers who are waiting for the next model to see what upgrades the iPhone 7s, iPhone 7s Plus, or premium iPhone 8 will offer. According to the survey results, iPhone owners are doing just that — holding back on buying new iPhones for now with the intention of acquiring the new models once they are released. iPhone 8 Rumors While the iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus are expected to offer better experiences from their predecessors, most of the excitement surrounding the future iPhones revolves around the premium iPhone 8. The iPhone 8 is rumored to feature an edge-to-edge OLED display with no physical home button, a dual camera set-up at the back, and other advanced features. A recently released iPhone 8 render revealed a device that may make rivals concerned. The iPhone 8 will likely not come cheap though, as reports claim that its price will start at $1,000 for a 128 GB model. The elevated price is expected though, as the smartphone will be built with premium components. There may be concerns that customers may not buy a $1,000 iPhone, but the AlphaWise survey seemingly reveals that Apple fans are prepared for it. TAG Apple, iPhone, iPhone 8, Samsung © 2017 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Advertisement Related Articles Apple Rolls Out iOS 10.3.2 To Fix Bugs For iPhones And iPads; macOS, watchOS, And tvOS Also Updated Google Assistant To Share In Siri's iPhone Space As iOS Version Reportedly In Tow Apple's iPhone 8 Will Cost At Least $1,000: Here's Why It's So Expensive How To Shoot On iPhone 7? Apple Shows You How New iPhone 8 Render Shows Off Apple's Upcoming Premium Smartphone: Samsung, You Should Be Scared From Our Sponsor Eco-friendly Packaging On Demand Technology Changes The Way Retailers Think About Shipping Packages On-demand packaging can be eco-friendly as well as save costs. Now, who would have thought of that? Packsize did, and it's changing the business of shipping packages. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Love Tech Times? Let's Keep in Touch! Sign up for our email newsletter today. Tech Times' biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. By clicking on 'Submit' button above, you confirm that you accept Tech Times Terms & Conditions Most Popular 1 Space Meet KalamSat: World's Smallest Satellite Designed By A Teen 2 Energy Researchers Stumble Upon Potentially New Energy Source While Drilling Into An Earthquake Fault 3 Computers AMD To Launch New Ryzen Processors Including Threadripper And 'Raven Ridge' Mobile Chips 4 Public Health 10-Year-Old Girl Nearly Chokes On Fidget Spinner, Mom Warns 5 Public Health How Did This Arkansas Baby End Up With 100 Rat Bites? 6 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Real-Life iPhone 8 Photos 'Confirm' Rumors, Give A Close Look At Apple's Next Flagship 7 Space Mysterious Light Flashes Caught By NASA Camera 1 Million Miles Away From Earth 8 Space Is The Climate On Exoplanet Proxima B Suitable To Sustain Life? 9 Space SpaceX Launches Largest Ever Payload Atop Falcon 9: Here Are The Details 10 Computers Intel And AMD Look To Heat Up The PC Gaming Landscape With New CPUs EDITOR'S PICKS Avocado Hand Cases On The Rise: What Is The Proper Way To Prepare An Avocado? Avocado Hand: Slicing For Guacamole Sends People To The Hospital Meet KalamSat: World's Smallest Satellite Designed By A Teen SpaceX Tests World's Most Powerful Rocket Falcon Heavy President Trump Fires FBI Director James Comey: Here's How Politicians And Ordinary People Are Reacting Fond Of Eating Sushi And Other Undercooked Seafood? It Could Cause Anisakiasis Caused By Parasites Mean Or Funny Drunk? Study Says Alcohol Doesn’t Change Your Personality Much Microsoft Surface Pro 5: Here's The Story So Far Leak Shows Off Entire Motorola Smartphone Lineup For 2017 TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideosArchives About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2017 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,514 Reviews & Articles | 55,317 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News Mobile Devices, Tablets & Phones Leaked iPhone 8 photos allegedly show the final design The leaked images don't reveal anything about the specs, but it is visible that the 3.5mm headphone jack is still gone By: Lana Jelic | Mobile Devices, Tablets & Phones News | Posted: 13 hours, 45 mins ago Comment () | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA While we still don't actually know whether or not Apple will call their new phone the iPhone 7S or iPhone 8, there are already many rumors floating around about Apple's next flagship device.     We recently learned that Apple had placed orders for their A11 chip that should power the new phone and we have seen a rendered video which allegedly shows Apple's upcoming flagship.   Now, an alleged mock-up of the phone has appeared, and it shows the final design of the phone. The images show the design which resembles the device we saw in the rendered video.     The photos show us that the device won't have a home button at all and the fingerprint sensor should be implemented under the screen.     The dual rear camera setup, which was previously aligned horizontally on the back, is now positioned vertically. A recent leak shows that the iPhone SE (2017) might also have the same rear camera arrangement.     The leaked images don't reveal anything about the specs, but it is visible that the 3.5mm headphone jack is still gone.   Read also: Alleged photo of the iPhone SE (2017) leaks: glass back   Earlier leaks suggest that the phone could also have a dual front-facing camera and wireless charging.     We'll know more in the upcoming months, and we will keep you posted.   Read also: Leaker reveals the iPhone 8 in a rendered video   NEWS SOURCES:Bgr.com >> NEXT STORY: The Galaxy C10 may be Samsung's first dual camera phone << PREVIOUS STORY: Google's next-gen Tensor processor: 45 TFLOPs of power Related Tags iPhone Apple iPhone 8 iPhone 7S smartphone smartphones iOS Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Project CARS 2 latest screenshots look INCREDIBLE AMD Crimson 17.5.2 drivers improve Prey performance See Tom Cruise run from the 'Mummy' in final trailer Qualcomm and Microsoft taking over the world at Computex Google's next-gen Tensor processor: 45 TFLOPs of powerView More News Posts Forum Activity Riotoro CR480 Mid-Tower Chassis Review Riotoro CR480 Mid-Tower Chassis Review F21 BIOS BUG (NO VIDEO) on Gigabyte Z170X-Gaming 7 (rev 1.0) GA-Z77X-UP5 TH corrupt bios or other issues ? AMD Radeon RX Vega Predictions, With Live UpdatesView More Forum Posts Press Releases Western Digital sets new standard with latest generation in popular HGST-brand Ultrastar SAS SSD family AMD raises expectations for server performance, unveils EPYC processor brand for the datacenter HighPoint's SSD7101 PCIe board-sized drive series integrate Samsung 960 NVMe SSDs to deliver groundbreaking performance over 12GB/s Micron accelerates all-flash storage speed, performance and value with new flexible petabyte-scale enterprise data center solution Qualcomm Snapdragon 660 and 630 mobile platforms drive advanced photography, enhanced gaming, integrated connectivity and machine learningView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Salesforce.com (CRM) stalls after meager Q1 beat >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > 3 Big Stock Charts for Thursday: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Allstate Corp (ALL) and Citigroup Inc. (C) Wednesday's sell-off may have created opportunities in AAPL, C and ALL stock May 18, 2017, 12:44 pm EDT  |  By Johnson Research Group Get AAPL alerts: Submit     In a politically charged trading day, the S&P 500 hit it’s first 1% loss day since late-March. This move, based on headlines, not market fundamentals, may be the chance that traders have been looking for in terms of buying a dip. Today’s Three Big Stock Charts takes a look at the charts of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Allstate Corp (NYSE:ALL) and Citigroup Inc (NYSE:C) as three companies that may be presenting a “buy the dip” opportunity for nimble traders ready to jump in on these bullish stocks. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Apple is doing it right in big style right now. The performance of the stock has left some traders on the sidelines looking for an opportunity to buy the dip. We may have just seen that opportunity with Wednesday’s selling in AAPL. Since surging after its earnings announcement, Apple stock had moved steep into overbought territory. Wednesday’s selling corrected that situation and brought AAPL back to more reasonable prices from the view of its RSI readings. In addition, Apple shares pulled back down to the top of their regression channel that dates back to July of 2015. The top of this channel should afford the stock a catalyst to rally back towards its highs again. For now, the stock has an easy target to $158, which is the top Bollinger band right now. A move there will likely see traders eye $160 as a mark to sell into strength again, but for now, the upside favors AAPL. Allstate Corp (ALL) Allstate stock has been a relative strength performer with shares returning 14% year-to-date, outpacing the broader market. ALL’s leadership has come from strong fundamentals and the backdrop of rising interest rates. The strong performance results in technicals that point to a bullish intermediate-term outlook.  Wednesday’s selling was light on Allstate shares as the stock was able to maintain the $84-level as support. This chart support has been building through consolidation over the last two weeks. This consolidation has also allowed ALL shares to work-off an overbought technical signal that had been holding the stock back from breaking into a new intermediate-term bull trend. Traders should consider the consolidation and chart support as a signal that Allstate stock is preparing for its next move to a target of $90. Citigroup Inc (C) Banking stocks have been in flux lately as questions about whether Congress will be able to move forward with any type of regulatory reform in the near future continue to rise. Citigroup stock has been trading in a relatively volatile range over the last five months that is tightening its grip on the shares. Support for C stock lies in the form of the 50- and 100-day moving averages that are trading just below current levels. This support kicked-in on Wednesday as Citigroup bounced from $59. For the bulls, this is a potential short-term buying opportunity as the stock is likely to receive buying interest from the technical crowd. There is also a warning that comes from this signal. A break below $58.50 is likely to trigger a round of technical selling that has the potential to take C stock to $55, which is the next level of support afforded to it by the 200-day moving average. This downside potential indicates a need to be nimble and ready to trade Citigroup quickly. As of this writing, Johnson Research Group did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/3-big-stock-charts-for-thursday-apple-inc-aapl-allstate-corp-all-and-citigroup-inc-c/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy for Every Kind of Investor Bank of America Still Is a Breakdown Risk 7 Criminally Underrated Tech Stocks to Buy Now The 3 Best Dow Jones Stocks to Buy Today Twilio's Uber Problems Microsoft Doesn’t Owe You an Apology ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy for Every Kind of Investor 7 Criminally Underrated Tech Stocks to Buy Now! The 3 Best Dow Jones Stocks to Buy 5 Ways You Can Screw Up Your 401k Go Long Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock for Gains of Up To 550% Most Popular The 5 Most Vulnerable Stocks in the Market Right Now 7 Big Bank Stocks Getting Clocked by Trump Chaos The 10 Best Growth Stocks for Retirement Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Holders Should Be Worried The Nvidia (NVDA) Stock Bubble Is About to Pop The 10 Best Stocks for a “Set It and Forget It” Summer Portfolio Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express. Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Daily Horoscope Our Apps Top 10 Our Paper Paper Archive Weather 11° London HOME News Showbiz & TV Sport Comment Finance Travel Entertainment Life & Style Health Cars Garden Life Food Style Diets Tech Property Saturday Win S Mag Top 10 Facts Home Life & Style Tech iPhone 8 release date can't come fast enough, as patent all-but confirms THIS new feature iPhone 8 release date can't come fast enough, as patent all-but confirms THIS new feature AS THE iPhone 8 release date looms large on the horizon, Apple has been granted a patent that lines-up with a number of hotly-tipped features expected to ship with the new smartphone. By Aaron Brown Aaron Brown PUBLISHED: 17:42, Thu, May 18, 2017 | UPDATED: 17:42, Thu, May 18, 2017 Apple iPhone 8 - Leaked photos, prototype phones, concept images, and renders Sun, January 1, 2017 iPhone 8 is shaping up to be one of the most impressive Apple smartphones to date, with glass panels on the front and rear of the device, a curved borderless OLED display and no Home Button Play slideshow VENIAMIN GESKIN • TWITTER • CONCEPT IMAGES 1 of 30 Apple iPhone 8 will debut a brand-new all-glass look, with a curved OLED display and no physical Home Button iPhone 8 rumours might be correct after all. Apple has been granted two new US patent for display technologies that appears to align with some of the radical new features tipped for the next iPhone. Apple iPhone 8 will ditch the bezels – leaving an almost edge-to-edge display. The Cupertino company is also rumoured to drop the physical Home Button, freeing up more space to extend the display to the very edge of the phone's chassis. Apple is expected to embed the fingerprint sensor, which is currently built into the circular Home Button, beneath the glass display. The technology firm was this week granted a patent entitled – Reducing The Border Area Of A Device – and one that describes how a fingerprint sensor could be embedded directly in a screen. US PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICEThe US patent explains how the curved display could receive multi-touch input Obviously, these are only patents – Apple patents technologies all the time that never actually appear in a consumer device. However it does show that Apple is at least exploring the possibility of a bezel-less iPhone with a Touch ID fingerprint scanner baked into the screen. Spotted by Patently Apple, the US patents describes the potential implementation of the technology – "A flexible substrate can be used to fabricate the display panel and/or the touch sensor panel (referred to collectively herein as a 'circuit panel') of a mobile electronic device so that the edges of the display panel and/or the touch sensor panel can be bent. Bending the edges can reduce the width (or length) of the panel, which in turn can allow the overall device to be narrower without reducing the display/touch-active area of the device." The technique described in the patent – using a flexible material so that the visible display and the multi-touch sensor curve around the edge of the phone to allow the phone to be thinner without reducing screen size – is exactly the same employed by Samsung for the Infinity Display on the Galaxy S8 and S8+. EXPRESS NEWSPAPERSSamsung uses the technique to reduce the footprint of the phone, despite having a large display Apple also patented a technique that would allow it to integrate a fingerprint sensor directly into the display itself – allowing the sensor to be used at the same time as multitouch. This is not the first time that Apple has patented technology linked to embedding the Touch ID into the screen. Based on the latest whispers from the supply chain, iPhone 8 will likely be unveiled in September 2017, with some stock available the following month. However it appears that iPhone 8 models will be few and far between at first, because of the widely-reported production difficulties. It remains to be seen how extensive the supply shortage turns out to be. If the latest rumours around the next-generation iPhone are accurate, it sounds like a phone worth queuing outside an Apple Store for. DEUXANI • MACRUMOURSMacRumours' reader Deuxani has visualised the latest rumours around the iPhone 8 iPhone 8 is believed to be the first Apple smartphone to use an OLED panel. Apple is believed to have placed a blockbuster order for 70 million OLED panels from rival Samsung. There are a number of benefits of moving from LCD, the technology used in current generation iPhone handsets, and OLED panels. Unlike LCD displays, which use a backlight to illuminate their pixels, the pixels that make up an OLED panel produce their own light source. As a result, the contrast on an OLED panel is much greater than LCD – since the pixels in an OLED display have the ability to produce no light whatsoever. JPMORGANThe next-generation iPhone 8 will be the same physical as the iPhone 7, but with a bigger display Apple already employs this technology in the Apple Watch. This allows the Watch to eke more battery life from its relatively small cell, since the dark portions of the Watch face are not sapping any power – since those pixels are not producing any light. According to a recent analyst note from JPMorgan, Apple will also include OIS, Optical Image Stabilisation, to both lens used in the rear dual-camera set-up on the iPhone 8. Apple will also purportedly include 3D sensing facial recognition functionality in a dual front-facing camera set-up, as well as better speakers and enhanced waterproofing. It is also expected to ship with wireless distance charging. Apple is expected to debut the iPhone 8 alongside the iPhone 7S and iPhone 7S Plus, which will feature only a few minor upgrades, in September. According to JPMorgan, these iterative updates will have some slight aesthetic changes when compared to the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. The analyst note claims Apple will move from anodised aluminium so that it can include wireless charging capabilities. Related articles Google Chrome WARNING - This new HACK could steal your Windows login Forget iPhone 8, Google just gave your old iPhone a MAJOR upgrade Android O Beta Download - How to install Android 8.0 on your phone Apple Apple iPhone 8 Latest videos Pound to euro exchange rate - sterling holds ground against EUR after retail sales boost Alex Salmond blasts Theresa May's manifesto pledge to ‘REFUSE Scotland second referendum’ Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield appear worse for wear dancing in taxi: ‘Oh dear' Anthea Turner, 56, admits she ‘loves a s**g’ and encourages older women to discuss sex Orange Is The New Black season five: Taystee REUNITES with Poussey in new teaser Kodi crisis as major add-on service shuts down over legal fears Blue Whale Game - Suicide Challenge EXPLAINED, how many have died, is it happening in UK? Samsung Galaxy S8 - Why its worst feature could be coming to more smartphones soon Use Gmail on your iPhone? Major update brings this smart new feature Forget the new Nokia 3310, there is ANOTHER retro phone about to make a comeback Android O beta download OUT NOW - How to install Android 8.0 on your phone TODAY OnePlus 5 might have the feature Samsung Galaxy S8 abandoned Live football stream SHUTDOWN - Premier League Kodi crackdown continues as Brits ARRESTED Forget iPhone 8, Google just gave YOUR old iPhone a MAJOR upgrade Google Chrome WARNING - This terrifying new HACK leaves Windows PCs open to ATTACK General election 2017 live stream - How to watch the ITV election debate TONIGHT Leicester vs Tottenham Hotspur live stream - How to watch Premier League match online Apple Stores are now giving customers these iPhone, iPad and Mac experiences for free Samsung Galaxy S7 and S8's biggest missing feature has FINALLY arrived iPhone 8 could be most pricey ever but if it looks this good Apple fans won't mind paying You need to update EVERY Apple device you own, and this is why Samsung Galaxy S7 vs Galaxy S8 - Which of these awesome Android phones is best for YOU? What is the Antikythera mechanism? Google Doodle marks discovery of ancient Greek computer Google I/O 2017 - Google Chrome update, Android 8.0 Oreo, Pixel 2, Google Home 2, and MORE WhatsApp WARNING - Why you should NOT use this 'new' feature SEARCH CONNECT WITH US Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Check our YouTube channel TODAY'S PAPER Friday, 19th May 2017 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive. News UK Big Brother Diana Inquest World Politics Science Royal Weather Nature Weird History Obituaries Sunday Scotland Election 2015 WWI Sport Latest Sport Football Netball Speedway Stats Transfer news Boxing F1 Tennis UFC Cricket Golf Rugby Union Other Racing Football Stats Olympics 2016 Rugby League Euro 2016 World Cup 2014 Pics Pictures Celebrity Galleries Royal Galleries Sport Galleries Vids Videos Comment Columnists Express Comment Beachcomber Blogs Cartoon Have Your Say Express Yourself Finance City & Business Personal Finance Retirement The Crusader Travel Cruise Activity Holidays Beach Holidays Short & City breaks Travel News Entertainment Day & Night Films DVD Eating Out Gaming Theatre Books Music Puzzles Life & Style Health Cars Garden Life Food Style Diets Tech Property Saturday Win S Mag Top 10 Facts Holiday Offers Cars For Sale EXPRESS.CO.UK Sitemap Site Archive Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Design by Netro42 Syndication and Licensing Clarifications and Corrections Daily Star OK! Magazine new! Magazine Star Magazine Health Lottery Northern and Shell Copyright ©2017 Express Newspapers. "Daily Express" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1369, 15 May 17 #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 #1362, 27 Mar 17 #1361, 20 Mar 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Security Update 2017-002 (Yosemite and El Capitan) Fantastical 2.3.7 PopChar X 7.7.1 Default Folder X 5.1.5 OmniFocus 2.9.1 OmniOutliner Essentials and Pro 5.0.3 Tweetbot 2.5 1Password 6.7.1 ChronoSync 4.7.6 and ChronoAgent 1.6.2 Typinator 7.2     Related Articles Apple to Deprecate 32-bit iOS Apps (15 May 17)     Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. iPhone iPad iPod | 16 May 2017 | Print  | Comment (2) TidBITS News Shows How an Old 32-bit iOS App Becomes 64-bit by Matt Neuburg As Adam explained in “Apple to Deprecate 32-bit iOS Apps” (15 May 2017), Apple has been slowly tightening the noose on 32-bit apps, first introducing 64-bit processors in new devices, then requiring that newly submitted apps include a 64-bit “slice,” then permitting submission of apps without a 32-bit slice, and now warning users that 32-bit-only apps won’t run in future systems. You may even now be seeing some favorite old app threatened with extinction. And you may be wondering why the developer doesn’t just update it for 64-bit and keep it alive. If the App Store no longer lists this app, there’s your answer: the developer is no longer paying Apple the annual $99 membership fee and thus isn’t actively maintaining the app. But even for an active Apple Developer Program member, updating an old app to 64-bit isn’t so simple. True, it’s usually trivial to turn on 64-bitness and recompile the app. But when an app project is opened and compiled with the latest version of Xcode, it is linked against Apple’s most recent system software development kit (SDK). That changes everything. The most recent system is iOS 10, and the app may not be ready for iOS 10. Reviving TidBITS News -- Let’s take as an example the TidBITS News 2.0 app that I’ve just updated for iOS 10. It was last compiled against the iOS 6 SDK. So how did it manage to keep running in iOS 7, 8, 9, and 10? Basically, the device’s system has been giving TidBITS News a lot of help, essentially by pretending to be iOS 6. A screenshot of the old TidBITS News app next to the new one is a dead giveaway: On the left, you see TidBITS News running under iOS 10; but it doesn’t look like an iOS 10 app. There’s a separate black status bar (and there’s a black linen-weave background, visible behind the date display, that Apple abandoned years ago). This is iOS 10 emulating iOS 6. Compare that to the new TidBITS app on the right. iOS 10 apps have a transparent status bar; the navigation bar, with its gradient background color, stretches up behind it. (I’ll talk about other interface changes later.) And the app’s look is the least of our worries. To compile and run as an iOS 10-native app, TidBITS News must speak iOS 10. Technically, it must adopt the iOS 10 application programming interface (API) — the way an app talks to the runtime. A lot has changed under the hood, since iOS 6, in how you do that. That’s why, following the publication of my developer book “Programming iOS 6,” I’ve had to write four subsequent editions (entitled “Programming iOS 7” and so on). To revive TidBITS News, therefore, I effectively had to rewrite the code from scratch as if I were creating the same app today, doing things the iOS 10 way. Luckily, TidBITS News is a fairly small, simple app; it has only three “scenes” — the master view (the list of article headlines and blurbs), the detail view (one complete article), and the player view (for listening to a recorded version of an article). But imagining a much more elaborate app, you can appreciate why a developer might not be willing to recast an old 32-bit app as 64-bit — it could be more work than it’s worth. (And the fact that Apple forces all updates to be given away for free means that it will generate absolutely no income from existing users. Is it any wonder apps are abandoned?) The rest of this article describes how the iOS 10 TidBITS News app differs from the iOS 6 version. If such technicalities don’t interest you, just download the new TidBITS News and check it out! Even if you’re not a developer, however, you might find the details to be an interesting illustration of how much iOS has changed in just four years. Language -- The iOS 6 programming language was Objective-C. With iOS 8, Apple introduced Swift, and I chose to rewrite the new TidBITS News in Swift because that has made the app’s code much easier for me to read and maintain. I’m sorry, diehard Objective-C fans, but I just find Swift a lot more elegant and legible. On the downside, switching to Swift makes the app a larger download, because a Swift app must include the entire Swift language — Swift isn’t yet built into your device’s system the way Objective-C is. Split View -- On an iPhone, the TidBITS News app is a navigation interface: you see just the master view, and when you tap a headline/blurb listing, it is replaced by the detail view. On an iPad, TidBITS News appears as a split view, with both those “scenes” together, the master view on the left and the detail view on the right. In iOS 6, the split view was an iPad-only widget. That meant that TidBITS News was effectively two apps in one, with two completely different interfaces and two distinct sets of code for dealing with them. Nowadays, the split view is native to both the iPad and the iPhone. To cope with the iPhone’s smaller size, the split view automatically collapses so that it looks and behaves like the old navigation interface. This change made the rewrite simpler, although managing a split view so that it looks and works correctly under all circumstances turns out to be rather tricky. Player -- The iOS 6 TidBITS News app plays an online recorded article using a widget called MPMovieController. Apple abandoned that widget some time back, replacing it with AVPlayerViewController. This change has given me more control over how the player view appears. There used to be an ugly QuickTime logo that I couldn’t get rid of; that logo is now gone. On an iPhone, the player view covers the screen; on an iPad, it is inset somewhat, with the rest of the interface visible darkly behind it. This is much less obnoxious on the large screen, I think. (You, the user, can make the player itself fullscreen, but my advice is: don’t. If I could have found a way to prevent you from doing this, I would have.) iPad Split Screen -- Return with me now to those halcyon days in 2010 when I first wrote TidBITS News. In those primitive times, developers worshipped a magic number: 320. The iPhone was 320 pixels wide, and that was an immutable fact — so much so that I had actually hard-coded it into the app. The iPad, too, came in only one size, and the split view master display was also 320 pixels wide. In effect, the iPad’s master display was an iPhone inside the iPad. Over the years, as Apple has introduced more hardware, iPhone screens have become wider and iPads have become bigger. As if this weren’t bad enough, iOS 9 introduced split screen mode, which lets users of modern iPads slide another app’s interface in from the right side. You can even resize the split to make two apps share the screen simultaneously. I found coping with this to be the hardest part of the rewrite — so hard, in fact, that for a time I contemplated opting out of this feature entirely. (There is a switch for turning it off in the app bundle’s system settings.) The difficulty is two-fold. First, depending on the device and the size of the split, the app effectively changes from an iPad app to an iPhone app, and then back again when the user removes the split, in real time. Second, the range of possible sizes, and in particular the range of possible aspect ratios, that the app can adopt is bewildering, ranging from exceedingly tall and thin to virtually square. This turn means that a split view’s master view can have even more possible widths. A modern app’s interface must, therefore, be planned so as to cope with these changes. I think I’ve managed to do that, but honestly, I’m not entirely certain. I wish Apple had never introduced this feature. Decisions, Decisions -- Other design changes were more or less elective surgery: I changed the fonts of the headline/blurb display in the master view because I wanted to adopt Dynamic Type — the font size depends on your setting in Settings > Display & Brightness > Text Size. I removed the label at the top of the master view telling when you last updated from the RSS feed, freeing more screen real estate. That information is now visible when you slide the master table down to reveal the refresh control. The detail view now shows the article’s title statically at the top so you know what article you’re reading even as you scroll through its body. (The title is offset downward for a complicated reason: it’s a tappable link, but Apple extends the tappable area of the navigation bar buttons downward, so that in trying to tap the title, when it was flush up against the navigation bar, I found myself accidentally tapping a button instead.) The iOS 6 detail view displays an article’s content in a UIWebView. The modern-day analog is WKWebView; UIWebView still exists, but it’s no longer under active development by Apple, so I’ve chosen to adopt WKWebView. I don’t think you’ll be able to tell the difference. When you tapped a link in the detail view, you used to be rocketed into Safari. That was a pity, because it took you out of the TidBITS News app, perhaps accidentally. iOS 9 introduced the SFSafariViewController, which effectively allows a Safari process to be embedded inside another app; I’ve now adopted that feature. (If, however, you preview a link on a device with 3D Touch, you can still end up in Safari; I hope to change that in a future update.) One major feature of the iOS 6 version is actually missing in the iOS 10 version: state saving and restoration. This won’t matter to you until you run TidBITS News, background it to use another app, and come back later to find that iOS has killed TidBITS News in the background. In an ideal world, you wouldn’t even notice this had happened because you would be able to pick up right where you’d left off. In the new version, however, if iOS decides to reclaim the memory TidBITS News was using, you won’t return to the story you were previously reading. Instead, the app starts from scratch, goes out on the Internet to get a new copy of the feed, and starts over at whatever is now the first article. Fortunately, TidBITS News is relatively tiny, so it’s less likely to be expunged from memory than most apps. I hope, in some future update, to add state restoration back in. Give It a Try! -- I’m fond of the TidBITS News app. It’s how I read TidBITS! Just as important, I use it as a teaching tool, because it illustrates a number of fundamental aspects of standard iOS app architecture. So I wanted to keep it going, and I’ve used the threat of extinction under the new 64-bit regime as an excuse to do so. If the old TidBITS News app was too crusty for you, I hope you’ll give the new version a try. It’s free, and will remain so as long as I maintain it.   Make friends and influence people by sponsoring TidBITS! Put your company and products in front of tens of thousands of savvy, committed Apple users who actually buy stuff. More information: <http://tidbits.com/advertising.html>   Comments about TidBITS News Shows How an Old 32-bit iOS App Becomes 64-bit To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Wondering why developers of old 32-bit iOS apps aren’t just recompiling their code to be 64-bit happy? Matt Neuburg explains what’s going on, using the free TidBITS News app that he has just updated as an example. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Sebastian Hagedorn  2017-05-18 10:10 I'm curious why you didn't update the app periodically? I understand that it takes time and effort, but all things considered, I would guess that it's easier to modernize an app in small increments for every new iOS release than to have to bridge as huge a gap as going from version 6 to version 10. Reply Matt Neuburg   2017-05-18 10:55 Well, in the immortal words of Marlon Brando, "What's my motivation?" There's no money in it, the app does nothing essential (you can read TidBITS in other ways), I'm busy with other things, and the app kept on working. And let's not read history backwards: we had no way of knowing that there would _be_ a "huge gap", and by the time the gap _was_ huge, it was, uh, huge. Reply  Search   Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Matt Neuburg TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple reveals all-new Apple Watch Design with a Display covering the Face and Band & Also Points to a TV | Main | Google Assistant for iOS Can't Match Apple's Integrated Siri » May 18, 2017 Samsung Tablets Overtake the iPad in Western Europe in Q1, While the iPad Captures 50% of Tablets over $750   In February Patently Apple posted a report titled "Samsung introduced the new Tab S3 and Galaxy Book Today at a Special Event in Barcelona Spain." Due to the Samsung S8 delay that was caused by the Note 7 investigation, the company decided to instead launch new tablets at the Barcelona Mobile device trade show in late February. That move may have paid off in Western Europe and provided them with just enough steam to take the lead in Q1 2017 tablet shipments and push Apple down to second spot.   IDC noted in their report that "Samsung posted growth and gained the top position in Western Europe thanks to its strong positioning in slates. Apple introduced its new iPad late in the quarter and that should sustain a stronger second quarter.iOS-based devices still account for around 50% of all tablets above €600."    Apple's CFO noted last October that tor the September quarter, Apple had 82% market share in tablets over $200. IDC's stats therefore would strongly suggest that a lot of Samsung's tablet shipments were derived from cheaper models in the sub $200 category.   Overall, IDC further noted that "the tablet market in Western Europe posted a slight 1.7% YoY contraction. In total, 7.1 million devices were shipped in the region, a performance above expectations that shows some resilience in the tablet market after many quarters of decline. The recovery in Android-based slates in consumer and the continuous progress of tablet in enterprise were the main drivers of 2017Q1 results. Detachable tablets grew 5.8% YoY and continued to positively impact the market — there was particular traction in the commercial segment, with strong 16.6% YoY growth.   Overall, the commercial segment performed positively with 5.4% YoY growth. Android- and iOS-based devices with keyboards, mainly adopted by enterprises to address the specific needs of certain groups of users in various sectors, drove detachable growth in the commercial segment in 2017Q1.   As expected the adoption of Windows-based detachables slowed down in 2017Q1. Several factors affected the penetration of Windows, such as the growing focus on convertibles by major OEMs, sluggish Windows 10 adoption in large and very large corporations, and the lack of a Surface Pro refresh.   Despite the weak 2017Q1, the Windows detachable category will continue to progress going forward. This form factor is ideal for many usage scenarios and it perfectly fits the mobility needs of mobile professionals nowadays. It's just a matter of time until we see the number and pace of deployments accelerating," said Daniel Gonçalves, senior research analyst, IDC Western Europe Personal Computing Devices."   It will likely take until Q1 2018 before we see the Microsoft's ARM based Windows 10 detachable systems gain traction.   In the shorter term, it's been rumored that Apple will launch a new 10.5" iPad Pro at their WWDC 2017 event which will likely boost 'back to school' sales and calendar Q3 shipments for Apple.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on May 18, 2017 at 09:59 AM in 7. Apple / Market Statistics | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Samsung Tablets Overtake the iPad in Western Europe in Q1, While the iPad Captures 50% of Tablets over $750 Apple reveals all-new Apple Watch Design with a Display covering the Face and Band & Also Points to a TV Google Assistant is now Available for iOS and Google Home will be Offering Free Phone Calls within the U.S. and Canada Two Great Interviews Surface today with Apple's Angela Ahrendts and Jimmy Iovine Two-Faced Samsung Magically Claims Global Sales of their S8 Hit 10 Million Today while Claiming 5 Million Yesterday New Court Filing Details Qualcomm Suing Apple's iPhone Suppliers for withholding Royalty Payments Apple Engineers Invented a Different Kind of Pizza Container AMD Set to Thrill Pros and Gamers alike with a new High-End CPU called 'Threadripper' with 16 Cores and 32 Threads TheStreet Launches a Free New Financial App that's Available at the App Store Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu THE ANTI-STORE Apple thinks its stores can thrive while other retailers are dying Written by Neha Thirani Bagri Obsession Design May 18, 2017 So much more than a place to buy Apple products. (Reuters/Thomas Peter) Share Written by Neha Thirani Bagri Obsession Design May 18, 2017 To say that this hasn’t been a good year for retail in the US is an understatement. The US retail industry is on pace to close 8,640 stores this year—more than were shuttered during the “Great Recession” of 2008. So far, the US retail industry has shed 53,000 jobs—as many as there are in the entire coal industry. But amidst the carnage, the biggest company in the world is doing just fine. Apple said its retail stores “experienced strong double-digit growth in visitors and revenue” in the three months to December and is continuing to open new stores. Research firm Consumer Intelligence estimated that two-thirds of Apple’s US retail sales come from its physical locations and a third comes from its online store (paywall). Its minimum lease payments alone are currently at $8.2 billion (pdf, p.20). As of last year, they had greater sales per square foot than any other retailer in the US, including jewelers like Tiffany. Angela Ahrendts, Apple’s head of retail, said in an interview with LinkedIn’s executive editor Daniel Roth, that the secret to success in retail is for stores to become places that people come to experience products, not just buy them. To this end, Apple is in the midst of revamping its approach to its retail stores, which number almost 500 around the world. Ahrendts said that Apple’s retail team approached the design of the “next gen” stores as if they were a product—the hardware of the store is the physical architecture and the software of the store is the programming offered in the stores. Both are going to get an upgrade. The newly redesigned stores have new physical features such as a boardroom for community entrepreneurs to hold meetings. Some of the bigger ones could act as a town square for people. Ahrendts said that Apple is planning to open 100 stores of their new design concept by the end of 2017 and will replace about 30-35 of their existing stores each year. There’s also the “software update” underway. About 400 existing stores were revamped overnight this week with extra seating and other amenities for the launch of Today at Apple, a new educational program on how to use various Apple products at the store. “Depending on what level of photography you’re into, all the way up to being a pro, they’ll demo a product for you, sign you up for one these new sessions, all the way down to teaching coding,” said Ahrendts. “That’s the Today at Apple program, the stores become a place to experience, physically, live, everything you’ve been doing on your device.” Ahrendts added that she didn’t think malls were dead yet, but to survive other malls and other retailers also needed to focus more than shopping: I don’t think malls are going to go away. People still need somewhere to go, but they do have to evolve. Those that have added entertainment and food and beverage—it used to be that 80-20 rule, it would be 80[%] shopping and 20[%] experience—it’s got to to go the opposite now. Because all the shopping you can do faster, cheaper, etcetera online. Read this next: Apple’s new $5 billion campus has a 100,000-square-foot gym and no daycare Most Popular Inefficient words are ruining the English language Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Microsoft Redesigns OneNote for Mac, Windows, iOS, Android and the Web [Video] Apple CEO Tim Cook Spotted Testing Prototype Glucose Monitor That Attaches to the Apple Watch Google Assistant App Released for iPhone [Download] Facebook Messenger Gets a New Look Uber Launches 'Uber Freight' [Video] Pioneer Announces Five New NEX In-Dash Multimedia Receivers With Apple CarPlay Support Beautiful iOS 11 Redesign With Dark Mode, Inspired by Apple Music App [Images] Bragi Unveils 'The Dash Pro' Wireless Earbuds With Real-Time Language Translation [Video] Google's I/O 2017 Keynote in 10 Minutes [Video] iPhone 8 Renders Based on 'Highly Detailed CAD File' [Images] Kanex Announces GoPower Watch Stand Availability Apple to Unveil Three New Laptops Including Updated MacBook Pro at WWDC [Report] Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 [Download] Vevo App for Apple TV Gets Curated Playlists, Video Previews, More Tim Cook Talks Accessibility Over Coffee [Video] Signal Secure Messaging App Approved for Senate Use Apple Launches 'Today at Apple' Programs at Its Retail Stores [Video] Qualcomm Sues Apple Contract Manufacturers Apple Starts Making iPhones in India Apple Posts 7 New 'Designed For' Videos [Watch] Kanex Announces GoPower Watch Stand Availability LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 14 hours ago by iClarified · 1705 views · Translate Kanex has announced the availability of its new GoPower Watch Stand for Apple Watch. This premium magnetic charging stand for Apple Watch and iPhone comes integrated with the same inductive charging connector that comes with Apple Watch and can charge both the 38mm and 42mm models. An additional USB port on the back can charge your iPhone, iPad or any other device simultaneously. "The Apple Watch, as with all Apple products, was designed with elegance in mind, and the Kanex GoPower Watch Stand is no different," said Andrew Truong of Kanex. "It features a smart minimalist design that elevates the Apple Watch for a convenient viewing angle, while also eliminating cable clutter. Plus, with an additional USB port on the back, our Kanex GoPower Watch Stand is the perfect all-in-one solution." Integrated Charger Unlike other stands and docks, Kanex GoPower Watch Stand already comes integrated with the same magnetic charging connector that comes with your Apple Watch. Now you can use your other charger at the office, in your car or while traveling. Smart Design The low profile, compact design of Kanex GoPower Watch not only charges your Apple Watch but can also charge your iPhone so you can keep both devices together, powered and ready to go. Bedside Charging Kanex GoPower Watch Stand is ideal on your bedside table for safe, overnight charging. Simply place your Apple Watch on the stand. The magnetic charger securely holds your watch in place and automatically starts charging. Apple Certified GoPower Watch Stand is Apple MFi Certified, which means it's specifically made to fit with your Apple Watch and iPhone, so you can expect quality performance and reliability. Kanex is also announcing that the GoPower Plus is now available in Rose Gold and Matte Black. The GoPower Plus is a portable power solution featuring built-in micro USB cable with an Apple Certified Lightning adapter for use with both Apple and Android devices. The 8,000 mAh battery is capable of delivering two FAST full charges to iOS or Android smartphones, while an extra USB port allows an additional device to charge simultaneously. Availability & Pricing The Kanex GoPower Watch Stand is available now on www.kanex.com/applewatch-stand and for $69.95, as well as on Amazon.com. The Kanex GoPower Plus is available now on www.kanex.com/gopowerplus for $59.95 and on Amazon. Follow iClarified Comments (1) Add Comment Regal Beagle - 1 hour ago I use my watch as a night clock on my nightstand(when you lay it sideways while charging), so although it has a cool and minimalistic design, it wouldn't work for me... Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Hardware Unboxed Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Apple Hardware iphone 8 Most iPhone owners intend to buy an iPhone 8, despite the high price $1000? Apple fans don't care By Rob Thubron on May 18, 2017, 7:00 AM 35 comments TechSpot It now seems almost certain that the iPhone 8 will cost around $1000 when released later this year. While many may balk at such a high price, it’s not going to stop the majority of Apple fans from purchasing the handset. A new survey conducted by Morgan Stanley data analyst firm AlphaWise showed 92 percent of iPhone owners that were “somewhat or extremely likely” to upgrade in the next 12 months plan to stay with Apple. As reported by StreetInsider, AlphaWise found the Cupertino company remains on top when it comes to consumer brand loyalty in the smartphone market. Its 92 percent rating is ahead of big rival Samsung, which manages just 77 percent. LG (59 percent), Motorola (56 percent), and Nokia (42 percent) make up the rest of the list. The results have given Apple a boost, with Morgan Stanley analysts increasing the company’s stock price target from $161 to $177. Apple will especially welcome the news. Many complain that the iPhone 7 doesn’t offer enough of an upgrade over the previous model, and overall handset sales have fallen recently. CEO Tim Cook blames the ongoing iPhone 8 rumors for the company’s failure to meet Wall Street expectations, which fell short by around 2 million iPhone units. “We’re seeing what we believe to be a pause in purchase of iPhone, which we believe is due to the earlier and much more frequent reports about future iPhones,” Cook said during a second-quarter earnings call. Like Samsung’s Galaxy S8, the iPhone 8 is expected to boast an edge-to-edge display and lack a physical home button. It’s also rumored to come with a “glass-sandwich” design, support wireless charging, have a 5.8-inch curved OLED display, and offer many other new features. Related Reads The iPhone SE has the specs of an iPhone 6S with the body of an iPhone 5S, starts at $399 Chinese regulators say design of Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus violates patent T-Mobile: iPhone 7 pre-orders up 4x over iPhone 6, matte black most popular 35 comments 224 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Apple is reportedly about to kill off the iPad Mini Western Digital will add 10-terabyte drives to its Red line up Gigabyte Aero 15 Review: No Bezels, No Worries Popular 35 comments Most iPhone owners intend to buy an iPhone 8, despite the high price Gigabyte Aero 15 Review: No Bezels, No Worries Load Comments 35 ... User Comments: 35 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 74 Steve Wozniak warns Apple over removing the 3.5mm headphone jack for the iPhone 7 34 Watch Apple's attempt at getting people to buy its $300 book 24 Apple finds 90% of its accessories sold on Amazon are fake; sues main manufacturer 7 Serious Apple question 10 Volume knob stopped working on ipad 2 Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
About About ValueWalk Corporation Premium explainer Member Login Password Reset Profile Premium Sign Up Explainer Contact Guest Posts And Hedge Fund Letters Advertise Donate to ValueWalk Comments Policy Authors DMCA Legal Disclaimer DMCA Books Editors’ Full List of Book Recommendations Editors Favorite Ten Books Recommendations For Beginners Michael Burry’s List Tom Gayner’s List Donald Yacktman’s List Eddie Lampert’s List Bill Gates’ List Peter Cundill’s List John Griffin’s List Ray Dalio’s List Howard Marks’ List Charlie Munger’s List Bill Ackman’s List Dan Loeb’s List Jim Chanos’s List David Einhorn’s List Jamie Dimon’s List Joel Greenblatt’s List Guy Spier’s Reading List Seth Klarman’s List Warren Buffett’s List John Griffin’s List VALUE INVESTING Screeners Valuation Stock Screener Graham-Dodd Stock Screener Stock Watchlists Graham Formula Stock Screener Intrinsic Value Stock Screener Financial Ratios RawCharts Screener RawCharts Data Warren Buffett Screener Price To Cash Flow Distribution; MF And ETFs – Interactive Chart Stockrow Value Research tool Future Value, Investment, CAGR, Rule Of 72 And Other finance Calculators Activist Filing Tracker Investors Academics Aswath Damodaran Kenneth French Eugene Fama James Montier Michael Mauboussin Robert Shiller Activist Investors Wilbur Ross Nelson Peltz Carl Icahn Dan Loeb Eddie Lampert Bill Ackman Buffett’s Superinvestors Warren Buffett Rick Guerin Tom Knapp and Ed Anderson Charlie Munger Stan Perlmeter Bill Ruane Walter Schloss Value Investors Charles Brandes Chris Browne Michael Burry Tom Gayner Benjamin Graham Irving Kahn David Herro Max Heine Michael Larson Mark Mobius Wally Weitz Hedge Fund Managers Kyle Bass Ray Dalio David Einhorn Mario Gabelli’s Joel Greenblatt Jeffrey Gundlach Mason Hawkins Edward Lampert Dan Loeb Howard Marks John Neff Kerr Neilson John Paulson George Soros Alfred Winslow Jones David Tepper’s Legendary Investors John Bogle Bill Gross Jesse Livermore Henry Singleton John Templeton Tiger Cubs The Tiger Cub Culture Bill Hwang — Tiger Asia Patrick McCormack — Tiger Consumer Management Manish Chopra — Tiger Veda Management Hound Partners And Marble Arch Partners Resource Page Chase Coleman — Tiger Global Chris Shumway – Shumway Capital Partners Michael Larson Resource Page Andreas Halvorsen — Viking Global Lee Ainslie — Maverick Capital Ltd Foreign Investors Jeroen Bos Jean-Marie Eveillard Albert Frere Dr Lee Shau Kee Francisco Garcia Timeless Reading Guest Posts and Tips Value Investors Must Read List Studies and Research Papers Warren Buffett’s Shareholder Letters ValueWalk’s Value Fund Interview Series Behavioral Finance Famous Investor Series Links Letters 2015 Letters Q1 2016 Letters Q2 2016 Letters Q3 2016 letters 2016 Letters Q1 2017 Letters About About ValueWalk Corporation Premium explainer Member Login Password Reset Profile Premium Sign Up Explainer Contact Guest Posts And Hedge Fund Letters Advertise Donate to ValueWalk Comments Policy Authors DMCA Legal Disclaimer DMCA Books Editors’ Full List of Book Recommendations Editors Favorite Ten Books Recommendations For Beginners Michael Burry’s List Tom Gayner’s List Donald Yacktman’s List Eddie Lampert’s List Bill Gates’ List Peter Cundill’s List John Griffin’s List Ray Dalio’s List Howard Marks’ List Charlie Munger’s List Bill Ackman’s List Dan Loeb’s List Jim Chanos’s List David Einhorn’s List Jamie Dimon’s List Joel Greenblatt’s List Guy Spier’s Reading List Seth Klarman’s List Warren Buffett’s List John Griffin’s List VALUE INVESTING Screeners Valuation Stock Screener Graham-Dodd Stock Screener Stock Watchlists Graham Formula Stock Screener Intrinsic Value Stock Screener Financial Ratios RawCharts Screener RawCharts Data Warren Buffett Screener Price To Cash Flow Distribution; MF And ETFs – Interactive Chart Stockrow Value Research tool Future Value, Investment, CAGR, Rule Of 72 And Other finance Calculators Activist Filing Tracker Investors Academics Aswath Damodaran Kenneth French Eugene Fama James Montier Michael Mauboussin Robert Shiller Activist Investors Wilbur Ross Nelson Peltz Carl Icahn Dan Loeb Eddie Lampert Bill Ackman Buffett’s Superinvestors Warren Buffett Rick Guerin Tom Knapp and Ed Anderson Charlie Munger Stan Perlmeter Bill Ruane Walter Schloss Value Investors Charles Brandes Chris Browne Michael Burry Tom Gayner Benjamin Graham Irving Kahn David Herro Max Heine Michael Larson Mark Mobius Wally Weitz Hedge Fund Managers Kyle Bass Ray Dalio David Einhorn Mario Gabelli’s Joel Greenblatt Jeffrey Gundlach Mason Hawkins Edward Lampert Dan Loeb Howard Marks John Neff Kerr Neilson John Paulson George Soros Alfred Winslow Jones David Tepper’s Legendary Investors John Bogle Bill Gross Jesse Livermore Henry Singleton John Templeton Tiger Cubs The Tiger Cub Culture Bill Hwang — Tiger Asia Patrick McCormack — Tiger Consumer Management Manish Chopra — Tiger Veda Management Hound Partners And Marble Arch Partners Resource Page Chase Coleman — Tiger Global Chris Shumway – Shumway Capital Partners Michael Larson Resource Page Andreas Halvorsen — Viking Global Lee Ainslie — Maverick Capital Ltd Foreign Investors Jeroen Bos Jean-Marie Eveillard Albert Frere Dr Lee Shau Kee Francisco Garcia Timeless Reading Guest Posts and Tips Value Investors Must Read List Studies and Research Papers Warren Buffett’s Shareholder Letters ValueWalk’s Value Fund Interview Series Behavioral Finance Famous Investor Series Links Letters 2015 Letters Q1 2016 Letters Q2 2016 Letters Q3 2016 letters 2016 Letters Q1 2017 Letters Search for: Apple Starts Assembling Its Low-Cost iPhone SE In India By Aman Jain on May 18, 2017 11:45 am in Technology ShareTweetPostFlip Apple said in a statement that it has started assembling its low-priced iPhone SE at the plant of its contract manufacturer in the technology hub of Bengaluru in southern India. According to The Wall Street Journal, the first iPhone SE devices assembled in India could hit stores as soon as this month. JESHOOTS / Pixabay Apple starts initial production in India In a statement to the Wall Street Journal, the smartphone maker said it is “beginning initial production of a small number of iPhone SE in Bengaluru and will begin shipping the Indian-made devices to domestic customers this month.” In February, Reuters reported that Wistron, Apple’s Taiwan-based manufacturing partner, will assemble the iPhone SE in India by the end of April or early May, and earlier this year, there were reports that Wistron had applied for permission to expand its facility in Bengaluru. The Taiwan-based contract manufacturer requested that its application be fast-tracked as well. Wistron has completed the trial run of assembling iPhones in India at its manufacturing facility, notes Digit. A spokeswoman for the Taiwanese company, however, said that they don’t comment on “market rumors or speculation.” Rising competition in China Assembling phones in India is seen as an important move for the U.S. firm to sell more phones in the country. Apple is looking to increase its market share in one of the fastest growing mobile phone markets in the world as it continues to face fierce competition in China. The tech giant has been facing tremendous competition in China from local players who build inexpensive but good quality phones. Owing to such factors, the U.S. firm reported a 14% sales decline in its fiscal second quarter in Greater China, where it faces competitors like Oppo, Vivo, Xiaomi and Lenovo. With decreasing sales in the largest smartphone market in the world, the U.S. company is trying to expand into other growing markets worldwide, with India being its primary target. Currently, Apple accounts for only 3% smartphone sales in the country, compared to 27% for Samsung and 12% each for Xiaomi and Vivo, according to research firm Kantar. The U.S. firm sold 2.7 million phones in India last year. How much will the iPhone SE cost now? We are still not certain how much the iPhone SE will cost after being locally assembled, but government officials are expecting the price to drop by at least $100, notes Digit. Currently, the iPhone SE is priced at Rs37,200 (about $600) for the 128GB version and Rs27,200 (about $440) for the 32GB version. The 4-inch phone comes with a 12-megapixel camera and is powered by the A9 chip, which is used in the iPhone 6S. It must be noted that the tech giant recently slashed the price of the iPhone 5s and iPhone SE in the country. Whether or not the price of the low-cost iPhone will come down further due to local assembly is not certain. Since Apple is known for consistent pricing across all markets worldwide and maintaining control over gross margins, we are not expecting anything just yet. Tags: Apple India iPhone SE Load Comments Send us your tips at tips(at)valuewalk.com Copyright © 2016 ValueWalk - Privacy Policy Follow Us: Developed by ValueWalk Team
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Apple This could be the iPhone 8’s final design Apple This could be the iPhone 8’s final design By Bertila Helena - May 18, 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet Photos of an iPhone 8 mockup have begun doing the rounds online, with BGR reporting that it’s been built using actual finalized schematics. If true, this would mean that the handset’s design has been decided and the images above and below are close to what Apple will eventually unveil come September. The alleged iPhone 8 in the hands-on snaps falls in line with almost every rumor about the phone in the past and closely aligns with a previous dummy model leak. There’s no sign of a home button up front and Apple’s clearly stuck to the same 2.5D glass style rather than a more elaborate Galaxy S8-esque curved edge. Glass appears to be present on the front and back, held together by a polished stainless steel frame. The so-called iPhone 8 seems to be much thicker than its predecessors. Even its dual rear cameras feature a significant camera bump. The photography module may allow for cool new AR features thanks to its vertical orientation. Apple was said to be considering a fingerprint reader on the back of its premium iPhone, but there’s no sign of that in the mockup models. However, BGR states that not all markings are present on the dummy, so the former’s absence can’t be taken as a definitive sign that the company is planning on shifting Touch ID underneath the display. Also See: Apple officially starts manufacturing iPhones in India Anyone holding out hope that the 3.5mm headphone jack will be making a comeback should prepare to feel disappointed since it’s not present at the bottom of the mockup. Interestingly, the power button is considerably longer than usual, something which has been spotted in earlier leaks as well. SOURCEBGR TAGS apple iPhone 8 SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleGoogle outs Android O beta, standalone VR headset at I/O 2017 Next articleLocations and angles to consider while Installing a CCTV camera Bertila Helena RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Apple officially starts manufacturing iPhones in India Apple granted patents for bezel-free screen, embedded Touch ID Apple might be killing off the iPad mini 244,268FansLike 13,623FollowersFollow 14,414SubscribersSubscribe TRENDING All Alternatives Apple Cameras Download Features Gaming General Guide Hardware Home Entertainment Interesting Internet iPod News Laptops Mobile Phones Science Security Software Tablet Tech Reviews Telecom Wireless More OnePlus 5 leaks again sans headphone jack, antenna lines Bindu Nair - May 19, 2017 0 Samsung Galaxy C10 leak reveals dual cameras Bertila Helena - May 19, 2017 0 Moto Z2 image leaked Sohil Nikam - May 18, 2017 0 Load more ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 Portfolio Perspective Iconic Tour College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Iconic Tour Iconic Tour NYC '17 speakers & agenda Buy Tickets 2016 Tour 2015 Tour India will be a major test for Apple and CEO Tim Cook outside their tech prowess Guest Contributor | Vikram Barhat | @vikrambarhath 15 Hours Ago SHARES A growing number of American companies are turning to India to recreate or replace their China experience, as profitability and grip on the Chinese market starts to slip. Apple has completed a trial run of the first-ever iPhones assembled in India, "a small number of iPhone SE," the company told CNBC on Tuesday. The iPhone SE is one of its lower-priced models already available in India. Armed with their massive war chests, drug manufacturers, big-box retailers and information technology behemoths are racing to expand their businesses to India. Many richly valued Silicon Valley start-ups are also beginning to crack — or even be founded within — the Indian market. The world's fastest-growing economy, with the GDP hovering around 7 percent, India has edged ahead of China and is growing much faster than the developed world. It's also currently the world's third-largest economy, on course to eclipse the United States to become the world's second-largest economy by 2050, according to a recent PricewaterhouseCoopers report. Close to ideal demographics puts India in a sweet spot. Nearly two-thirds of India's 1.2 billion population is under the age of 35, making it one of the largest consumer markets that foreign businesses are hungry to tap. Apple, the world's most valuable company, is courting India in the hope of reigniting the growth story that appears to be losing steam in China. Not just Apple, large global companies like Amazon, Starbucks, Uber and key Apple supplier Foxconn are taking their businesses to India. More from iCONIC: The best ideas from student entrepreneurs around the world How Tim Cook followed the toughest act in tech, to success A booming start-up mecca north of America While there's little doubt about growth opportunities in India, they are scattered over an obstacle course of opaque rules, inconsistent regulations and other hurdles, including deeply rooted corruption. Foreign businesses like Apple need to contend with challenges even before, and while, dealing with some of the more commercial issues of price sensitivity, a crowded and competitive market and raw material sourcing. India's endemic corruption is one of the biggest drags on its attractiveness as a place to do business. U.S. firms, particularly those frustrated with Chinese red tape and corruption, will find themselves in no better position in India. "India isn't easy," said Ravin Gandhi, CEO of GMM Nonstick Coatings, which manufactures for some of the largest global kitchenware firms and who is a member of the CNBC-YPO Chief Executive Network. Gandhi, who has set up manufacturing operations in both China and India, the latter more recently as global forces require more companies to seek out new, low-cost manufacturing locales, said there is only one option: Deal with it. "Many American companies fail in India because they're afraid to get on a plane and get their hands dirty. If you have a bad attitude going in, you've already lost the battle," he said. "Success overseas takes persistence and unrelenting drive. … Like most aspects of business, setting up an Indian operation is messy and can be very hard." Deeply rooted corruption Obtaining business licenses, overcoming approval delays and sometimes subtle demands for corporate "donations" are significant challenges in India. According to Transparency International's 2016 Corruption Perception Index, India ranks 79, tied with China, among 176 countries, behind Cuba (56) and far below the United States (18), Canada (9) and the U.K. (10). "You have to know how to navigate these minefields," Gandhi said. Many U.S. and global companies have failed in India due to corruption and other operational issues, said San Francisco-based Dhruv Ratra, founder and CEO at KhelNow.com, a social network for Indian sports fans, players, families and businesses. "Wal-Mart and Amazon are the most notable examples in the recent past," said Ratra, who has extensive knowledge and experience in launching businesses in India. "Samsung, Microsoft, Google, Facebook all face the issues of endemic corruption and draconian tax laws [in a] culturally unfamiliar territory," he said, noting that they have succeeded by "changing their business model to make it India-centric and by tying up with local partners." Graft is part and parcel of growing business in this market, said Neha Dharia, a Bangalore, India-based analyst with London technology research firm Ovum. "Foreign companies wishing to do business in India also fail to estimate the microlevel at which corruption exists. It is not just a question of corrupt officials at the higher level, but this runs right through the ranks." show chapters Will Apple's India push work?    Tuesday, 24 Jan 2017 | 10:44 PM ET | 01:44 Few things have damaged India's reputation and attractiveness more than its patchwork of opaque tax laws, woefully out of step with the global norm. Accused of being inconsistent and overreaching, India's tax rules are often criticized as tax terrorism. The south Asian nation has frequently attracted bad press and sharp global scrutiny for its battles with foreign businesses, including Vodafone, Nokia, Nestlé and more recently Philip Morris International, over hefty fines and imposition of retroactive taxes. The scale of the problem has prompted OECD to urge India to reform its tax laws. "It's a serious problem and would hold back any company," said Vivek Wadhwa, an adjunct professor at Carnegie Mellon University and a director of research at Duke University. "The type of retroactive taxation that was imposed on Vodafone would itself send a chill down the spines of any executive doing business in India." Unless India fixes its tax laws, no company will want to do business there, said Wadhwa, who has his own views on why Apple is destined to fail in India. Gandhi noted that Prime Minister Modi has enacted pro-growth policies, including enterprise zones with tax holidays based on job creation, to the benefit of U.S. businesses. But he said setting up in the right Indian state is important. GMM chose the state of Gujarat because it's the most pro-business and has very few labor issues. $1 trillion needed in infrastructure investments Tim Cook rose to prominence at Apple as a result of his logistical genius. India will test it. India's infrastructure hasn't been able to keep pace with its economic growth. Most of its infrastructure remains outdated and any efforts to overhaul have been restricted to a few major cities. "India is struggling in terms of infrastructure required, and though it is actively working on upgrading all aspects, there is still a long road ahead," Dharia said. "Most companies that need any kind of logistical and developmental support from the infrastructure would need to set it up themselves, which could take the form of building their own roads, setting up reliable power and water supply." "Many American companies fail in India because they're afraid to get on a plane and get their hands dirty. If you have a bad attitude going in, you've already lost the battle. ... Setting up an Indian operation is messy and can be very hard." -Ravin Gandhi, CEO of GMM Nonstick Coatings India has only 800 miles (1,300 km) of expressway compared to 47,845 miles (77,000 km) in the United States and 81,000 miles (131,000 km) in China. It takes 12.5 hours to cover the 770-mile (1,214-km) distance between Beijing and Shanghai by road, as per Google Maps. In India it takes 19.21 hours to go from the port city of Surat to the national capital Delhi, a distance of 717 miles (1,154 km). It takes nearly seven hours more in India to cover the same distance that it does in China. "There are only a few locations in India where land is available, transportation and electricity are reliable and it is possible for business executives to commute to from the West," Wadhwa said. Wadhwa recommends that businesses select states such as Gujarat, where the government has focused on providing for the needs of industry, especially infrastructure. Apple's trial manufacturing run is at a facility in the state of Karnataka. Its capital, Bengaluru (formerly Bangalore), is known as a high-tech hub. It's the same story with railroad. While China boasts the world's largest high-speed rail network, there are none in India. Most of its trains average less than 60 miles (100 km) per hour on colonial-era tracks that are long overdue for an infrastructural overhaul. Global trade has also been putting enormous pressure on India's inefficient ports, many of which still rely on manual labor for hauling cargo. Christine Lagarde, managing director of the International Monetary Fund, said in one of her speeches that India needed $1 trillion in infrastructure investment over the medium term. One of the world's worst at protecting IP The nation's intellectual property laws are murky, and Apple's had a taste of that as early as 1991. To date, effectively protecting patents has been one of India's biggest weaknesses. A combination of inadequate IP laws and the glacial pace of India's legal system could mean millions in lost dollars for a company like Apple, whose success in no small measure depends on technological innovations and its ability to protect them from possible infringements damaging its brand and profits. The fifth edition of the U.S. Chamber International IP Index shows India's intellectual property framework to be falling lamentably short of global standards. At the bottom of the index, India ranks an abysmal 43 out of 45 countries. And if Apple's China experience is anything to go by, executives at the tech giant know how getting tied up in a country's legal system could drain resources without promising a favorable outcome. For what it's worth, Wadhwa makes a distinction between Chinese and Indian IP laws. "Just as you have a thriving tech industry in China now — where IP laws are even worse and the government actually steals technology on behalf of its companies — India can succeed," he said. "If companies can adapt to China's lack of IP protection, they can certainly deal with India." "There is a legal framework [in India] that is enforced by courts," he said, but the interpretation by Indian courts of what is an IP infringement could be downright dubious and the implementation of laws lax. Lots of workers — most lacking skills India has 500 million workers, as per the World Economic Forum, yet more than two-thirds of Indian employers are struggling to find employable workers. Contrary to popular perception, it's difficult to source job-ready workers in India who have the right mix of talent and teachability. A study conducted by New Delhi-based employment solutions company, Aspiring Minds, found barely 7 percent of engineering students were suitable for crucial engineering jobs. "The engineering education system [in India] is deeply flawed, but as the infotech companies learned, the graduates of the engineering colleges could be retrained," said Wadhwa. "What companies will need to do is to allow six months for education and training of new recruits." It's little surprise that India ranks 105 out of 124 countries on the World Economic Forum's worldwide Human Capital Index, much below neighboring China (71), the United States (24) and the U.K. (19). The index quantifies how countries nurture, develop and deploy skill for economic growth. This shortage of skill is best explained by the fact that only 2.3 percent of India's workforce has received formal skills training as compared to its counterparts in the developed world, including the U.K. (68 percent), Germany (75 percent) and the United States (52 percent). Gandhi said hiring the right people in India is key to success, but he added that one of the reasons he moved GMM into India is because of the intellectual capital and hard work ethic of locals. And there is one major challenge in China that is erased by moving to India: "Everyone loves that English is spoken all over India, as opposed to China, where language is a hard issue," Gandhi said. — By Vikram Barhat, special to CNBC.com Vikram BarhatSpecial to CNBC.com Be a part of the iConic experience NEW YORK | JUNE 7, 2017 Featuring: DAYMOND JOHN BOBBI BROWN ARIANNA HUFFINGTON LOS ANGELES | SEPT 27, 2017 Featuring: TONY HAWK MICHAEL DUBIN & more speakers to come! Get Tickets To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Health Tips English News Hindi News Education Board Results Classifieds Radio City E-paper #IPL News #Cannes 2017 #Reema Lagoo #Mumbai Crime #Kulbhushan Jadhav #Virat Kohli DOWNLOAD APP:| Photos Videos Mumbai News Sports Entertainment Menu All Sections News Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News BMC Election Sports IPL News Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News Life & style Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Cars - Bikes People Culture Special Dear Diana Entertainment Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Regional Cinema Photos Videos Mumbai News Mumbai news Crime News National MORE IN NEWS Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News BMC Election TOP STORIES Mumbai: Nalasopara couple battle rape case, pregnancy; now fight for kid Mumbai: Hero stray dogs poisoned to death at Dahisar society ToPICs Mumbai news Mumbai crime Navi Mumbai headless torso Devendra Fadnavis Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi SPORTS IPL News Cricket Football MORE IN SPORTS IPL News Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News TOP STORIES IPL 2017: Meet Washington Sundar - The man who derailed Mumbai IPL 2017: MS Dhoni's sixes were outstanding, says RPS' Manoj Tiwary ToPICs IPL News Virat Kohli MS Dhoni Virender Sehwag Manchester United Yuvraj Singh Life & style Horoscope Dr.love Food MORE IN LIFESTYLE Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Cars - Bikes People Culture Special Dear Diana TOP STORIES Mumbai: Savour Anglo-Indian flavours at this pop-up in Khar Not just 'WannaCrypt,' a cryptocurrency attack is generating digital cash fast ToPICs Mumbai food Health & Fitness Technology Travel Relationships Dr. Love Environment Entertainment Bollywood Television Hollywood MORE IN ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Regional Cinema TOP STORIES Reema Lagoo dead: Bollywood and TV celebs pay last respects Salman Khan is house-hunting for special friend Iulia Vantur in Bandra ToPICs Karan Johar Akshay Kumar Shah Rukh Khan Salman Khan Amitabh Bachchan Aamir Khan Life and style News Technology News Prev Apple begins production of iPhone SE model in India By IANS | Bengaluru | Posted 18-May-2017Now Available on the mid-day iOS App, Download Now Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Representational picture Bengaluru: In a bid to gain foothold in the fast-growing Indian smartphone market, Apple on Wednesday announced commencement of initial production of its popular iPhone SE model at its Bengaluru facility. "We are beginning initial production of a small number of iPhone SE in Bengaluru. iPhone SE is the most popular and powerful phone with a four-inch display in the world and we'll begin shipping to domestic customers this month," Apple told IANS in an email. IANS also learnt that to begin with, it will be a trial run with small quantities of iPhone SE units being assembled at the facility. Apple has begun assembling iPhone SE models with Wistron Corporation, its Taiwanese manufacturing partner. In February, Karnataka's Minister of State for IT Priyank Kharge had said that Apple plans to make its iPhones in Bengaluru. "An Apple team discussed with us its proposal to set up a plant in Bengaluru to make iPhones for the Indian and global markets," said Kharge. The Apple team, led by iPhone Operations Vice-President Priya Balasubramaniam, Government Affairs Head Ali Khanafer, iPhone Operations Director Dheeraj Chugh and Country Counsel Priyesh Povanna had discussed the proposals with the state officials in the presence of the minister. According to latest data from consumer knowledge and insights firm Kantar Worldpanel, India is a key country for Apple moving forward. "Apple accounted for 3 percent of sales in the most recent period but has recently made several strategic moves in India, including teaming up with Reliance Jio to offer free 4G service for one year to purchasers of iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Apple is also planning to manufacture iPhones in India in the near future to deflect some of the high import taxes that make iPhones inaccessible to many Indian buyers," the report stated. Apple iPhone 5S has also emerged as the top premium smartphone in seven states while other versions of iOS-driven devices occupy the top five premium spots in non-metro states. Apple has been eyeing India for a greater pie of its growing smartphones market. According to the latest data from IDC, Samsung leads in the market with a 28.1 percent share, followed by Chinese smartphone makers Xiaomi, Vivo, Lenovo and Oppo. Tags: Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Previous StoryTech: 'Beloved' Nokia 3310 goes on sale in India today via offline stores Related Stories Mumbai Crime: Bookie who claimed yearly turnover of Rs 200 cr held Crime News | 43 minutes ago IPL 2017: We know the pitch, so it's advantage Kolkata against Mumbai, feels Nathan Coulter-Nile IPL News News | 52 minutes ago First look: Amitabh Bachchan and Rishi Kapoor to play father-son duo in '102 Not Out' Bollywood News | 1 hour Mumbai: Hunting for a victim on tracks at Vile Parle, stationmaster becomes one too National News | 1 hour Mumbai: BMC wants trains to chug along without issue this monsoon National News | 1 hour 'Half Girlfriend' Movie Review Bollywood News | 1 hour You May Like MORE FROM JAGRAN 0 Comments Leave a Reply Name * Email * Comment (You have 500 characters left) Enter the text as shown in the image * TrEnding Photos: Aamir Khan, Kiran Rao, Reena Dutta condole Reema Lagoo's death Bollywood News|18-May-2017 Cannes 2017: Deepika Padukone's new look will leave you spellbound Bollywood News|17-May-2017 Aishwarya's 16th year at Cannes: 28 stunning red carpet looks Bollywood News|17-May-2017 Team India termed 'g***u' on Champions Trophy 2017 Wikipedia page Cricket News|17-May-2017 Photos: Kareena Kapoor Khan spotted with son Taimur in Bandra Bollywood News|17-May-2017 Cannes 2017: Here are Aishwarya, Sonam and Deepika's red carpet dates Bollywood News|17-May-2017 Here's why Mumbai eateries are shunning plastic straws National News|17-May-2017 Bhiwandi hospital shocker: Doctors, nurse filmed patient on OT table Crime News|17-May-2017 Navi Mumbai headless torso case: Mother-in-law plotted murder National News|17-May-2017 Shameful! Woman catches man filming her on a moving train International News|17-May-2017 People Power! How Kandivli locals won back a 30,000 sq ft park National News|16-May-2017 Trending Most ReaD Most Commented Tamil Nadu SSLC Result 2017: TN 10th Result 2017 declared,check tnresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|34 minutes ago Tamil Nadu SSLC Result 2017: TN 10th Result 2017 at 10 am, tnresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|41 minutes ago Mumbai: Jailed former MLA abuses, threatens cop at Byculla Jail Crime News|3 hours Mohnish Behl pays tribute to veteran actress Reema Lagoo Bollywood News|3 hours Justin Bieber Mumbai concert: 'VIP' fans recall horrific experience Hollywood News|13-May-2017 Ranbir Kapoor gets raunchy with mystery woman, photos go viral Bollywood News|16-May-2017 Mumbai woman's charred limbs found, family considers committing suicide Crime News|14-May-2017 'My husband and I had sex on live webcam' Relationships News|14-May-2017 Imagica accident: Injured mother-daughter duo in Mumbai hospital ICU National News|06-Feb-2014 CBSE cbse nic in Class 10th X Board Result 2014 to be declared today on www cbse nic in at 4 PM National News|20-May-2014 Online auto rickshaw permits: Results of 7 RTOs declared National News|26-Feb-2014 CBSE Results 2015: CBSE 10th Board (cbse.nic.in) X Class Results declared at 2 PM today, 28th May at cbseresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|28-May-2015 2014 MHADA lottery: Flats in Virar will be ready only in Dec '15' National News|07-Feb-2014 See More Latest News   Home Mumbai News Entertainment Crime Sports Life & Style Photos Videos GET Updates from mid-day.com View Site Map Network: Hindi News | Gujrati News | Urdu NewsCopyright © 2017 Mid-Day Infomedia Ltd. All rights reserved. About Us | Advertise with us | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Contact Us | Corporate Go to top
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu DOWNSTREAM Apple Music says it could have 400 million listeners—but it would rather make money Written by Amy X. Wang May 18, 2017 Dream a little dream. (Reuters/Mario Anzuoni) Share Written by Amy X. Wang May 18, 2017 Jimmy Iovine, the longtime recording industry mogul currently heading up Apple Music, hates free music—an idea to which Spotify, Apple’s biggest music streaming competitor, is stubbornly clinging. Spotify, founded in Stockholm in 2006, has for a decade now offered its millions of songs via a free, advertising-supported tier as well as a paid subscription tier. Apple Music only has the latter. Why? Iovine pared it down in an interview this week with Music Business Worldwide. I’ve put my money where my mouth is: Beats Music didn’t have a free tier. Apple Music doesn’t have a free tier. I’m not just talking it; I’m walking it. That’s why I aligned with Eddy [Cue] and Tim [Cook] and Steve [Jobs]. They thought the same way. I think what’s going on [with free music] is wrong. I just do. I don’t care if saying that makes me seem behind-the-times, up-with-the-times, young, old… I don’t care! Because, whatever it is, it’s wrong. The latest figures show Spotify boasting 50 million paying subscribers compared to Apple Million’s 20-30 million. By conservative estimate, there are at least 50 million other people on Spotify’s free tier. But consider that Spotify’s free tier brings in substantially less revenue than its paid tier—which means that more than half of its user base is not pulling its weight in terms of generating money for either Spotify or its artists. Iovine emphasized that free ad-supported streaming services generate very little money, adding: If Apple Music had a free tier, we would have 400 million people on it. That would make my job real easy. But we believe artists should get paid. That’s why I went to Apple. That’s the reason Taylor Swift and several other artists made a dramatic exit from Spotify in 2015. Critics of Spotify’s so-called “freemium” model also say the existence of the free tier is dragging down the number of people who would otherwise be enticed to join the premium tier. Spotify—which is slouching toward either a direct listing or an IPO while still not turning a profit—seems to recognize this problem itself. The company recently caved and made a deal with Universal Music Group to offer exclusive album releases on the premium subscription tier, in a clear attempt to tug people away from the free one. Iovine, in his recent interview, repeatedly bashed the existence of free music but suggested that if paid services simply get better, people may be finally turn toward the latter. “You’ve got to put everything into making the experience for people who are paying feel special,” he said. Apple Music is making original content and striking record deals left and right to try and do exactly that. And even if it’s got fewer subscribers than Spotify at the moment, the fact that the platform requires every user to pay for music means the rate of its growth, at least, will always surpass Spotify’s. Read this next: Music has been totally disrupted by Silicon Valley—yet it’s still run by the same two moguls Most Popular Inefficient words are ruining the English language Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Edition: UK عربي (Arabi) AR Australia AU Brasil BR Canada CA Deutschland DE España ES France FR Ελλάδα (Greece) GR India IN Italia IT 日本 (Japan) JP 한국 (Korea) KR Maghreb MG México MX Québec (En Francais) QC South Africa ZA United Kingdom UK United States US Front Page NEWS POLITICS LIFESTYLE PARENTS TECH YOUNG VOICES COMEDY ENTERTAINMENT STYLE WHAT'S WORKING BLOGS Advertisement TECH Is This The iPhone 8 Everyone's Been Waiting For? We only have to wait until September. 18/05/2017 16:17 Thomas Tamblyn Technology editor, HuffPost UK It’s fair to say that people are pretty excited about the new iPhone 8. While the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus were both excellent phones, rumours that Apple was saving the best for its 10th anniversary has somewhat overshadowed the handset’s huge success. Now, technology website BGR claims to have the first images giving us a clear glimpse of what the new iPhone will look like. The very first actual images of the iPhone 8 (prototype) via @BGR pic.twitter.com/LIIpS3ChPX— Safwan Ahmedmia (@SuperSaf) May 17, 2017 It should be pointed out that this can often happen before an iPhone launch, and so any leaks like this should be taken with a degree of cynicism. For starters there are claims that Apple has been testing out a number of different designs so there’s every possibility that this isn’t the phone that Apple unveils in September. BGR however claims that what we’re looking at are rough creations from the exact designs being used to build the device at Foxconn’s factory. If it is true however then it shows a phone that looks both very similar to the iPhone 7 and yet clearly a step forward. Related... Could This Be The iPhone 8? 'Leaked' Drawings Point To Near-Borderless Display iPhone 8 Rumours: Apple Might Ease The Pain Of Spending £1k With Free AirPods This Is Why Apple's iPhone In 2017 Could Be The One To Wait For There’s no Touch ID scanner in sight, suggesting that Apple has found a way to implement the scanner into the display itself. The camera has been rotated to better allow for landscape images with the same focus effect found on the iPhone 7 Plus. Finally it looks as though there’s not a silver band running around the side of the phone, reminiscent of the first silver and black glass construction that made up the original iPhone. This actually isn’t the first time we’ve seen this design, back in April, designer and leaker of technology info Benjamin Geskin tweeted pictures of what he also believes is a mock version of the new iPhone. iPhone 8 Dummy (This is CNC model according to Foxconn) Back is 2.5D Glass.#iPhone8 #iPhoneX #iPhoneEdition pic.twitter.com/Z8mH7b7z4r— Benjamin Geskin (@VenyaGeskin1) April 23, 2017 What we know so far is that the iPhone 8 or iPhone X will probably feature a large OLED display that curves round the edges of the device. It’ll be water-resistant like the iPhone 7 and lose the headphone jack too. It’ll have a new, more powerful camera on the back that will be able to take the same portrait photos on the iPhone 7 Plus. Finally there are reports that it will be considerably more expensive than previous iPhones, prompting some to suggest that as consolation the new iPhone X will come with a free pair of AirPods included in the box. The Best Gadgets Of 2017 Xbox One S Microsoft If you own a 4K TV and also own an original Xbox One then the Xbox One S is the console for you. It is quite simply Microsoft’s best Xbox ever, it’s also the cheapest 4K Blu-ray player you’ll be able to buy this side of Christmas. Your games collection will look stunning and if you trade in your old console the relatively small cost shouldn’t sting while you wait for Microsoft’s uber-console Project Scorpio to arrive next year. Apple iPhone 7 Apple This is Apple’s best iPhone ever, and if we’re honest it’s one of their most innovative devices yet. Its exceptional camera, combined with with a slim, water-resistant body mean that while it's not a leap in design it is a leap in just about everything else. No it doesn't have a headphone jack, but wireless audio is finally ready. Sky Q Sky Sky Q as a complete package is the future, not just one single feature.It’s knowing that everything you’ve ever recorded is available in every room. It’s knowing that you can download any recorded show onto your iPad. It’s also knowing that every Sky Q box also doubles as a WiFi hotspot.This is where Sky Q makes sense. This is an all-in-one system, it does literally everything. There’s no switching, no painful tinkering, it all neatly fits together and if there’s one thing us humans like it’s everything working just as it should. Google Pixel Google This is Google’s iPhone. It’s that simple. As such there are achievements and compromises. If you’re after an incredibly well-built, powerful Android flagship, Google have given you a truly five-star smartphone. If you’re a photographer, the Pixel’s camera and cloud storage option make this a no brainer. This is Google's first 'made by us' smartphone and it's absolutely brilliant. Hive Active Heating 2 Review Hive If your boiler is compatible and you’re willing to spend the initial £249 (including installation) then Hive is one of the most complete smart home systems we’ve ever seen. While Nest offers third-party accessories like Philips Hue, Hive almost fights back by keeping things simple: If it’s got the Hive logo on it you know it works. Components are reasonably priced and the entire system has been utterly rock solid, we haven’t had a single issue since installation. Amazon Echo Amazon Amazon Echo works best when you have other gadgets that it can utilise such as Hive, Nest or Philips Hue. On its own its an incredibly smart speaker, paired with these other gadgets though and it becomes the fully fledged conduit to your home. It’s also really good at doing homework. Alexa really is the first gadget we actually felt comfortable talking to. Roli Lightpad Block Roli Don't be alarmed by its alien appearance. This is actually one of the most innovative music-making gadgets we've used all year. A large transparent gel-like surface is both touch and pressure sensitive allowing you to create music in a way that's both utterly unique and incredibly intuitive. The accompanying app is properly easy to use and once mastered the Lightpad can become the only tool you need to create an entire song. Apple Watch Series 2 Apple The Series 2 is the complete package. It’s the smartwatch that we feel Apple always wanted to make. It’s a fitness tracker, health monitor and wellness device that’ll help you stay fit and, just as importantly, calm in mind. BeoPlay A2 Active By B&O Play Bang Olufsen At £299 this is not a cheap option, however for that money you’ll get a product that’s just as happy being your main living room speaker as it is keeping you company on a road trip. The sound quality is truly room-filling and at the high standard you would expect for a Bang & Olufson product. The A2 Active is quite simply one of the best Bluetooth speakers you can buy. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Samsung The Samsung Galaxy S7 edge is powerful but won’t run out of battery, beautiful yet able to work underwater and capable of transporting you to alien worlds through the medium of virtual reality. If there’s a product that encapsulates all the of the best technologies on offer today it’s this one. Oh and it won't catch fire, so that's nice. PlayStation VR Sony At the moment, if you own a PS4 and are desperately excited to get into virtual reality, PlayStation VR is the only place to start. It’s comfortable, gloriously easy to use and when the hardware and software work in harmony it’s an utterly breathtaking experience. Visceral, emotional and yet entirely accessible, it’s a technological marvel. Bowers & Wilkins P9 Signature Bowers Wilkins Anyone who wants an industry-leading sound but without the usually eye-watering price tag. Yes, these are £699, but when you think that the average audiophile will spend upwards of £1000 on a pair of HiFi-quality headphones these make every bit of sense. They’re B&W’s best headphones ever and they’re quite frankly one of the best pairs of headphones we’ve ever used. PlayStation 4 Pro Sony If you’re looking for an affordable (it costs as much as the original PS4) entry into the world of 4K gaming then the PS4 Pro is a no brainer. Pair it with a 4K HDR TV and games look absolutely astonishing. At present most games are simply being given a new coat of paint but going forward there will be an army of titles designed with this console in mind. OnePlus 3T OnePlus The OnePlus 3T is simply a continuation of the ethos that makes OnePlus phones so good. It’s exceptionally well-built, powerful and offers you everything you could want in an affordable and meaningful package. No smartphone will give you more value for money. Beats by Dre Powerbeats3 Wireless Beats by Dre While Apple's AirPods might have got most of the limelight in the post-iPhone 7 world it's actually Apple-owned Beats who have given us the ultimate solution to the lack of a headphone jack.The Powerbeats3 are ultra-portable, durable, wireless headphones that are a doddle to set up and last for days then we’ve found the pair for you. They sound great, they’re comfy, they’re perfect for sports and they last for days. These are very, very good. Samsung UE49KS9000 Samsung TVs are massive these days. They're also really really expensive. The KS9000 then has a very special place in our hearts because at a very sane 49-inches it's the most living room-friendly TV we've seen in recent years. Oh and because it's part of Samsung's flagship range you're still getting probably one of the best 4K TVs on the market.  Sonos Play:5 (2nd Gen) Sonos While it was released in December of 2015, Sonos' newest speaker has played an undisputedly important role in how we consume music in 2016. This was the year of wireless and Sonos continued to show us that when it comes to ditching those wires, they were one of the best.  Withings Activite Pop Withings This is the anti-fitness tracker of fitness trackers. Boasting a beautifully minimalist design the Pop is all about getting the job done without shouting about it. A simple measurement dial at the bottom shows you varying metrics for how active you're being while Withings' app reveals just how much data is actually being collected. While Fitbit has led the way in Fitness trackers, Withings has been offering even the most resistant consumer a change to start taking better care of themselves./ More: Apple Iphone Smartphone Iphone 7 Smart Phones Suggest a correction Advertisement Suggested For You by Gravity Comments Advertisement Suggested For You Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW UK TECH Learn more Newsletter 146 K 17.5 K 22.8 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat Advertisement Is This The iPhone 8 Everyone's Been Waiting For? CONVERSATIONS Advertise RSS Careers FAQ User Agreement Privacy Comment Policy About Us About Our Ads Contact Us Archive "The Huffington Post UK" is provided by AOL (UK) Limited. © 2017 AOL (UK) Limited its affiliates and licensors. Part of HuffPost • HPMG News
Apple bans ‘tips’ in popular Chinese social media apps, equates them to in-app purchases | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Apple bans ‘tips’ in popular… Google launches The Google Assistant, announces… Qualcomm sues Apple suppliers over withholding… Apple begins production of iPhone SE in India Apple launches new site for Today at Apple… Apple Pay goes live in Italy REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product iWalk Watchman Backup Battery for Apple Watch,… Periodic Audio Mg, Ti, & Be In-Ear Monitors Hidrate Spark 2.0 Smart Water Bottle 808 Audio Canz GLO and Canz H2O Bluetooth… Adaptive Sound Technologies LectroFan micro… FABRIQ AirPlay and Bluetooth Alexa-Enabled… FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Native Union Cosmos Edition Lightning Cables Twelve South RelaxedLeather for iPhone 7… Just Mobile Xtand Vent Twelve South Journal for iPhone 7 and iPhone… DODOcase Leather Card Case for iPhone 7 and… Twelve South BookBook for iPhone 7 and iPhone… MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Aspyr Media Mafia III Satechi Type-C Pro Hub for MacBook Pro Bloop Airmail 3.2.5 Blizzard Entertainment StarCraft Overmacs PhotoSweeper 3.0 Logitech MK850 Performance Wireless Keyboard… HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Sharing HomeKit Access Correcting your iPhone’s Pronunciation Opening a Playlist in a separate window in… Extracting a still image from a video using… Converting your child’s Apple ID into… Taking screenshots on your Apple Watch DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: XXL Shower Speaker Daily Deal: SainSmart UNO for Arduino Daily Deal: Disconnect Lifetime Premium Subscription Daily Deal: Aerix Black Talon 2.0 Micro FPV… Daily Deal: FreeStereo Twins Wireless Bluetooth… Daily Deal: Zoolz Dual Cloud 1TB Storage,… GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Apple bans ‘tips’ in popular Chinese social media apps, equates them to in-app purchases By Jesse Hollington @jhollington ● 17 hours ago Photo: WeChat Apple has told several Chinese social-networking apps, including WeChat, that the popular “tip” functions in their apps are in violation of App Store policies, according to a new report by the Wall Street Journal. Executives at WeChat and other companies have told the WSJ that Apple has deemed the “tip” feature in their apps, which allows users to send money to content creators, to be equivalent to in-app purchases, thereby entitling Apple to a 30 percent cut of the revenue involved. As most of the social networking apps involved typically offer these capabilities for free to encourage user engagement, Apple’s decision is naturally not sitting well with industry executives, who feel that Apple “gets 30% for doing nothing” when even the companies themselves aren’t making any money directly from the feature. Apple has informed at least two of the developers that unless they make the necessary changes, no further updates of their apps will be accepted, and the apps in question may even be removed from the App Store. The move comes as Apple is facing challenges with declining market share in China, leading many to question the wisdom of alienating Chinese iPhone users and developers. Although the sums of individual tips are often relatively small, they can range anywhere from a few yuan to hundreds, and a thirty percent cut would likely add up to quite a bit considering how frequently the features are used by the large Chinese population — WeChat alone has 938 million monthly active accounts. With China having become the biggest market for Apple’s App Store in the past year — over $2 billion in in-app purchases were made by Chinese users alone — Apple presumably feels it can mine the App Store for additional revenue, and is possibly concerned about the “tips” feature being used to bypass its in-app purchase system for goods and services that would otherwise be handled as traditional IAPs. On the other hand, the Chinese app developers are quick point out that tipping is different from making other virtual purchases as it’s voluntary and occurs after users consume the content, making it a way to show appreciation rather than a sale, and describing it as more of a “fun” thing rather than a business transaction. Developers are likely to turn to Chinese regulators to attempt to address the issue, which could spell more trouble for Apple in China, particularly with the Chinese government’s tendency in the past to lean toward supporting its own home-grown companies; at least one executive notes that his company is already talking to the Chinese Ministry of Industry and Information Technology about whether Apple is “imposing unfair rules,” however the MIIT noted that it hasn’t gotten involved at this point. The People’s Bank of China, which regulates electronic payments, didn’t respond to the WSJ’s request for comment. Apple also declined to comment. Comments Daily Deal: XXL Shower Speaker » Related Stories Subscribe to iLounge Weekly Recent News Apple bans ‘tips’ in popular Chinese social media apps, equates them to in-app purchases Google launches The Google Assistant, announces Google Photos improvements Qualcomm sues Apple suppliers over withholding royalties Apple begins production of iPhone SE in India Apple launches new site for Today at Apple educational programs Apple Pay goes live in Italy Apple releases betas for iOS 10.3.3, tvOS 10.2.2, watchOS 3.2.3 Report: Apple to discontinue iPad mini Apple looking for someone to head up video programming strategy Apple patents construction method for cylindrical device that could be Siri speaker Recent Reviews iWalk Watchman Backup Battery for Apple Watch, iPhone, and iPad Periodic Audio Mg, Ti, & Be In-Ear Monitors Hidrate Spark 2.0 Smart Water Bottle 808 Audio Canz GLO and Canz H2O Bluetooth Speakers Adaptive Sound Technologies LectroFan micro Wireless Speaker and Sleep Sound Generator FABRIQ AirPlay and Bluetooth Alexa-Enabled Speaker Advanced Evo X & M4 Advanced Mezger aptX Bluetooth Receiver iDevices Wall Switch iDevices Wall Outlet Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Microsoft Planner app now available for iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch 31 minutes ago Microsoft releases new Outlook for Mac Insider Preview to Fast ring 55 minutes ago Spot the difference: This is reportedly Microsoft's new 'Surface Pro' tablet 4 hours ago FCC votes to begin the process of repealing net neutrality rules 5 hours ago View all recent news Microsoft Planner app now available for iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch 24 minutes ago Microsoft releases new Outlook for Mac Insider Preview to Fast ring 48 minutes ago Spot the difference: This is reportedly Microsoft's new 'Surface Pro' tablet 4 hours ago Panasonic announces rugged Windows 10 detachable, the ToughBook 33, starting at $3,649 6 hours ago View all Microsoft news Google renames Android Device Manager as 'Find My Device' 9 hours ago Google Home is coming to five new markets, including France, Canada and Australia 14 hours ago Android makes further inroads in forthcoming Audi and Volvo vehicles 21 hours ago Here's what you need to know about everything that's new in Google Play Console 22 hours ago View all Google news Microsoft Planner app now available for iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch 24 minutes ago Microsoft releases new Outlook for Mac Insider Preview to Fast ring 48 minutes ago Qualcomm sues Apple's contract manufacturers for withholding royalties May 18, 2017 OneNote for iOS receives a major update with a redesigned interface May 17, 2017 View all Apple news OpenShot Video Editor 2.3.3 1 hour ago Internet Download Manager 6.28 Build 10 11 hours ago VSO Media Player 1.6.11.520 12 hours ago Notepad++ 7.4.1 20 hours ago View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Ultrabook review: No touchscreen, but has everything else [UPDATED] May 16, 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8+ (Exynos) review May 9, 2017 Moto G5 review: Nougat on a budget May 9, 2017 NOMU S30 review: A rugged smartphone that won't put a huge dent in your hip pocket Apr 24, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials HTC U Ultra unboxing and first impressions Apr 16, 2017 End of the road: Microsoft terminates support for Windows Vista today Apr 11, 2017 HP EliteBook x360 G2 unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 HP Spectre x360 with pen and 4K display unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 View all unboxings ExtraTorrent shuts down permanently May 17, 2017 Microsoft inadvertently reveals clue pointing to new Windows 10 'Control Center' May 18, 2017 Microsoft is working on a new file sharing interface for OneDrive, coming this summer May 18, 2017 Spot the difference: This is reportedly Microsoft's new 'Surface Pro' tablet 4 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get this Cybersecurity Certification Mega Bundle (CISA, CISM, & CISSP) for just $69 18 hours ago Get The Crash Course Coding Bundle for just $39 (98% off) via Neowin Deals May 17, 2017 Get Disconnect: Lifetime Premium Subscription for just $49 (90% off) via Neowin Deals May 16, 2017 Get this System Administration and Infrastructure Management Bundle for just $41 May 15, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Qualcomm sues Apple's contract manufacturers for withholding royalties By Shreyas Gandhe News Reporter Neowin LLC @__shreyas · May 18, 2017 with 4 comments Earlier this year Apple filed a billion dollar lawsuit against Qualcomm for allegedly abusing its patent portfolio to unfairly obtain royalties from manufacturers. Contract manufacturers working for Apple were asked to stop paying royalties to Qualcomm in the wake of the lawsuit, which resulted in Qualcomm cutting back its profit and revenue forecast. Now, the chipmaker has sued Foxconn and three other contract manufacturer for withholding royalties for patents. As the financial situation of Qualcomm stands affected by the withheld payments from various contract manufacturers, it was just a matter of time that the company would take some action against them as they have at least some sort of agreement between them albeit unfair according to Apple and the FTC. The chipmaker revealed that the manufacturers stopped paying royalties as per Apple's instructions and has filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of California. The four manufacturers include the manufacturing giant Foxconn Technology Group, Pegatron Corporation, Wistron Corporation, and Compal Electronics Inc. As per Qualcomm, Apple is demanding an unreasonable below-market direct license and is supposedly increasing the pressure through these manufacturers. Qualcomm is seeking a court order to continue receiving payments from the contract manufacturers as per its agreements with them. For now, both Apple and Qualcomm have made their moves and we will have to wait to see what the courts decide for each of the lawsuits. Source: Reuters Tags Apple Qualcomm Ftc Lawsuit Foxconn 1 billion Royalties Pegatron Wistron Compal Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Follow @TwitterDev Previous Story Google releases its first preview of Android Studio 3.0 Next Story Nintendo comes out on top in April selling 280,000 Switch consoles in the US Community Activity Refresh Spot the difference: This is reportedly Microsoft's new 'Surface Pro' tablet in Front Page News Microsoft Planner app now available for iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch in Front Page News FCC votes to begin the process of repealing net neutrality rules in Front Page News Microsoft releases new Outlook for Mac Insider Preview to Fast ring in Front Page News Apple is reportedly phasing out the iPad Mini in Front Page News Opera 45.0.2552.812 in Front Page News What to do? in Hardware Hangout Android makes further inroads in forthcoming Audi and Volvo vehicles in Front Page News Advertisement Trending Stories ExtraTorrent shuts down permanently May 17, 2017 with 38 comments Microsoft inadvertently reveals clue pointing to new Windows 10 'Control Center' May 18, 2017 with 18 comments Microsoft is working on a new file sharing interface for OneDrive, coming this summer May 18, 2017 with 4 comments Spot the difference: This is reportedly Microsoft's new 'Surface Pro' tablet 4 hours ago with 20 comments Related Stories Qualcomm is reportedly seeking a ban on iPhone imports in the US May 5, 2017 Qualcomm cuts back profit and revenue forecast as Apple stops paying royalties Apr 29, 2017 · Hot! 7 Days: A week of Scorpio anticipation, Windows 10 Mobile madness, and Google's Whopper woes Apr 15, 2017 · Hot! Qualcomm sues Apple for misleading customers about chip performance Apr 13, 2017 Show Comments 4 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $39.00 92% off The Ultimate Python Coding Bundle $428.24 $10.00 98% off Infinity VPN $499.99 $45.00 91% off Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert (MCSE): Server Infrastructure $790.00 $47.99 94% off Zoolz Dual Cloud 1TB Storage: Lifetime Subscription $3,600.00 $29.99 99% off review Samsung Galaxy S8+ (Exynos) review galaxy review Moto G5 review: Nougat on a budget moto g5 build 2017 View our coverage from the show floor build 2017 Microsoft's Joe Belfiore: "We're going to continue to support Windows phone" windows 10 mobile Microsoft's Cortana assistant comes to life in working hologram concept cortana mile-high mixed reality Air New Zealand trials HoloLens to help improve onboard service hololens Windows 10 'Control Center' revealed fall creators update Android O Beta Program goes live android o Microsoft working on new file-sharing interface for OneDrive onedrive VIDEO Andy and Rich tour the Hub at Microsoft Build 2017 build 2017 Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS IPAD DIARIES STORIES APPLE HISTORY IOS AUTOMATION GAMES Things 3: Beauty and Delight in a Task Manager Workflow Update Restores Google Chrome and Pocket Actions, Extends Apple Music Integration Dispelling the Apple Services Myth Things 3: Beauty and Delight in a Task Manager By Ryan Christoffel Today Cultured Code launched the long-anticipated next version of its task management app, Things, for iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Things has been one of the go-to task managers on Apple platforms since its initial release in 2008, and for good reason; the team at Cultured Code is known for the thought and care they put into their apps. For much of its life, Things has been a shining example of quality iOS and macOS development. Over the last nine years, Things has been quick to adopt the latest OS features introduced by Apple in an effort to keep the app current; more substantial updates, however, have been few and far between. It took four years for Things 1 to give way to Things 2, and the gap between versions 2 and 3 has been even longer. Many of the once-loyal Things users have moved on to newer, more modern options for task management. But now, Things 3 has finally arrived. Was it worth the wait? Design One of the chief selling points of Things 3 is the way it looks. An app's visual design is, in many ways, a matter of preference. But as far as I'm concerned, you would be hard-pressed to find a better looking to-do app than Things. The first time I opened it on my iPad, I couldn't help but pause a few moments to admire it. And while that initial sense of awe wore off after a few days of use, its residual impact can be judged by the way Things has ruined other apps for me. Things 2 looks archaic by comparison, and even more modern task managers like Todoist and 2Do appear dated after using Things 3. The only task manager I've come across that feels like it's from the same design era is Microsoft's successor to Wunderlist, To-Do. The app is dominated by white space, but it uses bold fonts, lovely icons, and thoughtful splashes of color to create a welcoming, easy-to-use environment. It's simple, but beautiful in its simplicity. Screenshots don't quite do it the justice it deserves. Task Entry Creating tasks is a key part of any task manager. Traditionally, most task managers lean in one of two directions when it comes to task entry. Some will optimize for speed at the cost of data, making it quick and easy to enter tasks, but not necessarily all the data that needs to accompany that task, such as due date, project designation, prioritization, etc. Task managers like this will often ask you to dump tasks in an inbox and sort them out later. On the other end of the spectrum are the task managers that optimize for rich data entry at the cost of speed. With these, hitting the plus button to add a task often presents a comprehensive sheet where you input all of the task's accompanying data then and there. The best balance I've found between these two approaches thus far is Todoist, which allows you to use natural language to quickly create a task with a due date, assigned project, and more by typing in a single box. Things likewise tries to find a balance between the two extremes, but in a different and interesting way. As with many other task managers, you'll find a plus button in the bottom area of the screen to add new tasks. But in Things for iOS, that button has a special name: the Magic Plus Button. In one of the most clever methods of task entry I've seen, the Magic Plus Button can be dynamically moved around the screen as a way to add additional data. While its default location will always be the lower right corner, the button can be dragged and dropped into different spaces of the app to do different things. Tap and drag the button into your list of projects to create a new project. Drop it into a list of tasks in Today to create a new task in that exact spot. Drop it into the Inbox icon that appears in the lower left corner to create the task in your Inbox. And, my personal favorite, when viewing your Upcoming list, drag and drop the button on to the day when that task needs to be acted on, and you've just assigned its start date. Once you've placed the Magic Plus Button where you want it, the task or project will just need a name filled in before it's ready to go. Additional data can be added to the task's card, but otherwise the task can quickly be saved with the essential information already taken care of. If you need to add more complex data to a task, Things offers support for the following data types: Notes Start dates Time-based reminders Tags Checklists Deadlines Each of these lives within the card interface of a task. A few points worth highlighting are that notes created on a task display in full on the surface of the card, making them prominently visible when you open the task. Likewise, the ability to create checklists is helpful, and the checklist displays in full on the card's surface as well. I also appreciate the distinction in Things' system between start dates, when tasks will appear in your Today view, and hard due dates, called Deadlines, when a task must be completed by. Time-based reminders are another nice addition; they can be created using natural language input, and will send you a notification at the requested time. Things' system for task creation may not be the quickest available – especially when creating tasks in bulk – but it's simple and intuitive, and it still beats many competitors in the area of speed. The abilities of the Magic Plus Button also add a welcome element of delight to the job of task creation that isn't found in other apps. Tasks as Objects One of the key concepts found in Things 3 is that tasks are not just simple text; they're distinct objects. With a glance at your task list, each task will appear as mere text, belonging to a list of text, but there's more behind the surface. Tap on a task, and it will pop out into a card-like form while the rest of the list fades into the background. This expanded card includes the full information about that task, all of which can be easily edited. A second way that the task-as-object paradigm plays out is that you can long-press a task to make it pop out of the list so you can drag it elsewhere on the screen. You can't change the task's assigned project or area this way, but it is helpful for reordering your agenda for the day or rescheduling a task for a future date. More familiar interaction methods are still present for when they would suit your needs best. You can swipe right on a task to quickly reschedule it, or swipe left on a task to select it. Once you've entered selection mode, additional tasks can be selected easily one at a time, or in bulk by swiping up or down on the selection of circles that appear, selecting or deselecting large groups at a time. Once a group of tasks is selected, you can reschedule, delete, or move them to a different list. Like with the Magic Plus Button, the strength of these design decisions is not just in their functional purposes, but in the way they add a sense of fun to interacting with the app's various elements. Task Organization Things 3 carries over much of the basic organizational structure from Things 2, with a few substantial improvements. The Inbox, Today, Someday, and Logbook lists are still present, mostly the same as they were before. One change in Today is that it now includes a section called 'This Evening' that you can add tasks to, creating a distinction between daytime tasks and nighttime tasks while keeping them all in one screen. Upcoming is a new list found in Things 3 that replaces, in many ways, the Scheduled list from Things 2. It contains tasks assigned to specific dates in the future. The next seven days are each listed out individually, which serves as a helpful visual to indicate what your next week will look like. Beyond that, divisions of tasks are made on a week by week or month by month basis rather than day by day, allowing you to see a bird's-eye view of tasks further out in the future. Anytime is another list new to Things 3, although it is primarily a rebranding of what was formerly called the Next list. Anytime combines all tasks from Today with all tasks that have no assigned start date (except for those found in Someday). Essentially, if a task is in Anytime, it's something you should be able to work on whenever you have a free moment. The difference between areas and projects is made clearer in Things 3 than it was in past versions. From the main navigation menu, areas are represented by bold text, while projects are listed below their accompanying areas in a lighter font. Areas can contain their own lists of tasks, independent of any projects, so in some sense you could use the two interchangeably depending on your needs. But working in conjunction, they serve as a helpful method of hierarchy. One functional difference between the two is that projects now contain a visual indicator in the navigation menu to show how near or far off the project's completion is. When it comes to the organization of specific projects you create, one of the unique additions in Things 3 is support for headings. These help make lists of tasks better organized and more aesthetically pleasing. Within a project, you'll see the project's title at the top, and immediately below that title you can add a note, or you could say a subheading. This is a useful place to store general information about the project that you'll want to reference later. Within a project you also add a variety of headings to encompass different groups of tasks. On iOS, tap the down-facing arrow in the upper right corner of the screen to see the 'New Heading' option, and you can get to work organizing different tasks from that project into logical groups. On macOS, this option is at the bottom of the screen next to the new task button. These heading options are complemented well by the note and checklist tools that can be added to individual tasks. The system is built flexibly so you can use these headings in whatever way works best for you and makes the most sense for that project. For example, if you create a project dedicated to vacation planning, you may have a group of tasks that make up things you need to buy ahead of time, things you need to pack, things you plan to do on your trip, and an "Out the door" checklist to make sure you don't forget any last-minute items. Everything Else Calendar Integration: You can now let Things access your calendars so that calendar events are listed inside the Today and Upcoming lists. As few or as many calendars can be added as you'd like, and each will display its events in that calendar's assigned color. Events are listed above your list of tasks, and will turn grey in Today once they've passed. This is a helpful way to better keep track of your day's agenda. Search: Cultured Code has made search quick and easy in Things 3. On iOS, pulling down from anywhere in the app will engage the search box, allowing you to quickly find a specific task or navigate to a certain list or tag. As nice as this is, on macOS search is even better thanks to a feature called Type Travel. Wherever you are in the app, without engaging any type of search dialogue box, you can simply start typing to begin a search. As long as Things is the active window, all you have to do is type. Apple Watch: Things' Watch app is very simple, like every good Watch app tends to be. It contains all tasks from your Today list, each of which can be interacted with in a few ways. If the task contains a checklist, you can mark off those items. If it contains a note, you can read it. Or if it doesn't, you can add a note to it, or a deadline. Tasks can also be assigned to later start dates or, of course, checked off once they're completed. You can add new tasks through dictation; by default these tasks are added to Inbox, but you can hit a button to add them to Today instead. There are several styles of complications, including ones that show the Things icon accented by a progress ring around the border, indicating the status of your Today list, and others that display tasks from your Today list. Multiple Windows: On the Mac, you can now easily open several windows of the app at once, so you can have multiple lists, projects, and other views all visible simultaneously. Clicking the icon in the upper right corner opens a new window, and you can then click on the title in the upper center of the newly created window to change its view to a different list. Haptic Feedback: If you have an iPhone 7 or 7 Plus, Things takes great advantage of the Taptic Engine found in those devices. Even though that may be only a small subset of Things' users, in many ways the app feels like it was built with haptic feedback in mind. Certain actions are well-suited for the added kickback of the Taptic Engine, such as picking up a task to drag it elsewhere, or interacting with the Magic Plus Button. Opening the search box by pulling down on the screen is another place where the pop of the interface forms a perfect marriage with haptic feedback. It makes every interaction with the app feel that much more real, and I sorely miss it when using the iPad version. Touch Bar: Things includes basic Touch Bar support for actions like task creation, assigning start dates, moving tasks into a project, and more. Limitations My task manager of choice until this time has been Todoist, and while I haven't quite decided whether Things will take its place going forward, there are a few limitations in Things that make it harder to commit to. No Web API: Things is primarily designed as an app with a web backend, while Todoist is primarily designed as a web service with accompanying apps. Each approach has advantages and disadvantages, but the lack of a web API for Things, as exists for Todoist, makes automation and integration with other services severely limited. No File Attachments: Todoist Premium allows you to add files to a task in the form of a comment, while Things doesn't offer support for file attachments. I will often attach photos or emails to tasks in Todoist when I'll need to reference those things to accomplish the task at hand. The inability to do that in Things means I have to hunt that file down separately when it's time to complete the task, costing me more time. Keyboard Shortcuts: The macOS version of Things has excellent keyboard support, but sadly none of it has made its way to iOS. There is not a single shortcut, which is difficult for me personally as an iPad-first user. It's surprising as well, since Things 2 at least had a handful of shortcuts on iPad. Restrictions on Repeating Tasks: I have two primary issues with the way repeating tasks are currently handled in Things. One is that you cannot create repeating tasks inside of projects. Fortunately, Cultured Code says that option is coming soon after launch, and I look forward to its addition. The second issue is that repeating tasks cannot be marked as complete ahead of time. Often near the end of my day, if I finish the day's tasks early, I will get a head start on the next day's work. I can certainly do that in Things by looking at the Upcoming list, but I won't be able to mark any of those repeating tasks as complete until the following day, which is an unnecessary limitation. Things 3 is a difficult app to review in that it's not really one app, but three. Although each app is largely the same, there are a handful of strengths and weaknesses unique to each platform. iPhone has the haptic feedback that perfectly complements the pops of different UI elements; iPad suffers from the lack of keyboard shortcuts, but has the Magic Plus Button like iPhone; Mac has the excellent Type Travel search feature and multiple window support, both of which should please power users. On one hand, I wish there was more uniformity, as the experience is slightly fragmented as-is. But at the same time, I wouldn't want to sacrifice any of these features for the sake of uniformity; Cultured Code has done a great job taking advantage of each platform's unique abilities, and I applaud them for that. As an upgrade from Things 2, this new version offers a lot to love. Besides the beautiful visual updates and new features, Things 3 also has a different feel to it. Particularly on iOS, the app feels like it was built from the ground up for a touch-based interface. The common acts of creating new tasks, reorganizing them, checking them off, and engaging a search box all feel fundamentally designed for personal interaction; they give a sense of depth, of meaningful tactile engagement not found in Things 2, or even most other modern apps. These actions all work fine on the Mac as well, but on iOS – and especially the iPhone, thanks to the Taptic Engine – they shine most. The app landscape has changed a lot since Things' last major version launched. Competitors like Todoist have arisen, offering task management as a web service, with all the convenience and automation potential that comes along with that. Business models for iOS apps have gone through a shift as well, from paid up front to the increasingly common free with In-App Purchase, or in some cases monthly subscriptions. In the face of that change, Cultured Code has stuck to its roots in producing a beautiful, well crafted, powerful yet elegant new set of apps. Perhaps there's nothing revolutionary being done here, but that's okay; Things is full of little delights – and we could all use more of those in our working lives. Things 3 is a paid update for all users. It's available on the App Store as three separate apps: iPhone with Apple Watch, iPad, and Mac. Regular pricing for each app is $9.99, $19.99, and $49.99 respectively, but until May 25 all apps will be discounted by 20%, making launch pricing $7.99 (iPhone), $15.99 (iPad), and $39.99 (Mac). Tags: task management Sign Up Unlock MacStories Extras Club MacStories offers exclusive access to extra MacStories content, delivered every week; it’s also a way to support us directly. Club MacStories will help you discover the best apps for your devices and get the most out of your iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Plus, it’s made in Italy. Starting at $5/month, with an annual option available. Join the Club. A Club MacStories membership includes: MacStories Weekly newsletter, delivered every week on Friday with app collections, tips, iOS workflows, and more; Monthly Log newsletter, delivered once every month with behind-the-scenes stories, app notes, personal journals, and more; Access to occasional giveaways, discounts, and free downloads. Ryan Christoffel Ryan is a regular contributor to MacStories. He most commonly works and plays on his iPad Pro and bears no regrets about moving on from the Mac. He and his wife live in Texas, where he works for his church. Twitter: @iryantldr | Email: ryan@macstories.net ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by MacStadium | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.7
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS IPAD DIARIES STORIES APPLE HISTORY IOS AUTOMATION GAMES Things 3: Beauty and Delight in a Task Manager Workflow Update Restores Google Chrome and Pocket Actions, Extends Apple Music Integration Dispelling the Apple Services Myth Tim Cook Interviewed For Global Accessibility Awareness Day By John Voorhees Early last year, James Rath, a young filmmaker who was born legally blind, created a video about the impact Apple products have had on his life. That video caught the attention of Apple: Thank you, James, for sharing your inspiring story. https://t.co/gyjqubL0Ji — Tim Cook (@tim_cook) March 17, 2016 In the ensuing months, Rath’s YouTube career has taken off and he’s become a strong advocate for the blind. To mark Global Accessibility Awareness Day, Tim Cook spoke with Rath and two other YouTubers, Rikki Poynter and Tatiana Lee about accessibility. Cook and Poynter, who is deaf, discussed closed captioning and how accessibility is a core value at Apple. Lee talked to Cook about the Apple Watch and its ability to track wheelchair use. Rath and Cook explored the history of Apple’s commitment to accessibility and the democratization of technology. The interviews follow the release of a series of videos made by Apple spotlighting the accessibility features of its products. The interviews, which were filmed in the courtyard at Apple’s Infinite Loop campus are available after the break. Tags: accessibility Sign Up Unlock MacStories Extras Club MacStories offers exclusive access to extra MacStories content, delivered every week; it’s also a way to support us directly. Club MacStories will help you discover the best apps for your devices and get the most out of your iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Plus, it’s made in Italy. Starting at $5/month, with an annual option available. Join the Club. A Club MacStories membership includes: MacStories Weekly newsletter, delivered every week on Friday with app collections, tips, iOS workflows, and more; Monthly Log newsletter, delivered once every month with behind-the-scenes stories, app notes, personal journals, and more; Access to occasional giveaways, discounts, and free downloads. John Voorhees John joined MacStories in 2015. He is a regular contributor to MacStories and the Club MacStories newsletters, co-hosts AppStories, a weekly podcast exploring the world of apps, with Federico, and handles sponsorship sales for MacStories and AppStories. John is also the creator of Blink, an iTunes affiliate linking app for iOS. Twitter: @johnvoorhees | Email: voorhees@macstories.net ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by MacStadium | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.7
Tech Search Search FoodNew York City Food Chains Must Now Provide Calorie Counts on Prepared Items UberUber Threatens to Fire the Self-Driving Car Engineer at the Center of Its Trade Secrets Case BrazilBrazil’s Markets Plunge as Hush Money Scandal Threatens President Temer’s Reforms LGBTU.S. Judge Allows First Transgender Person to Sue Under the Disabilities Act Best Companies Apple Exec Calls for Restrictions on Free Music Streaming Don Reisinger May 18, 2017 Apple executive and music industry veteran Jimmy Iovine is not a fan of free music streaming. Speaking to Music Business Worldwide in an interview published this week, Iovine said that paid music streaming like his own company's Apple Music is stymied in part by free music streaming services. He ultimately believes the music industry will need to do something about those free services to generate more revenue on streaming music. "Two things have to happen: free has to become more difficult or restricted, and the paid services have to get better," Iovine said in the interview, which was earlier reported on by 9to5Mac. Iovine joined Apple (aapl) in 2014 after the iPhone maker acquired Beats, a company he co-founded with musician and producer Dr. Dre. While Beats was best known for its ubiquitous headphones, which remain on store shelves, Apple acquired the company in large part for a music streaming service Beats had developed. Soon after, it became the foundation for Apple Music. In the last couple of years, Apple has grown its Apple Music to more than 20 million subscribers. Apple charges $10 a month for a single Apple Music subscription and $15 per month for a family option. Students can pay $5 per month for access to the streaming service. Despite its growth, Apple Music is still far behind its chief competitor, Spotify, which has attracted more than 50 million subscribers. Spotify has the same pricing model as Apple Music. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter Still, free services are ubiquitous and provide music lovers the opportunity to listen to their favorite tracks without paying for those songs. In most of those cases, the services are ad-supported and users are limited in the number of songs they can skip. However, in free offerings from Pandora (p) and even Spotify, it's not difficult to curate playlists to get exactly the kind of music users want at any moment. Over the years, the music industry has decried free streaming services and encouraged customers to either buy songs or choose paid services. Many industry executives have grown increasingly frustrated and disappointed by the rather slow uptick in paid streaming subscriptions. For his part, Iovine didn't say how the industry could, or perhaps, should, restrict free services. He did, however, say that it's incumbent upon paid providers to improve their services and ultimately create more attractive and well-rounded services that customers will want to use. "We have a lot of ideas I can’t talk about," Iovine said in the interview." But we see Apple Music as a cultural platform, and music is becoming more and more about storytelling." Apple has already said that it plans to offer original video content through Apple Music, including a series focused on the popular "Carpool Karaoke" sketches from The Late Late Show with James Corden. The company is expected to discuss that and other Apple Music features in more detail during its keynote at the Worldwide Developers Conference on June 5. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf How to Set Up a VPN on Kodi and Why You Should Security Entertainment How to Set Up a VPN on Kodi and Why You Should Christian Cawley 7 New Windows 10 Features You May Have Missed Windows 7 New Windows 10 Features You May Have Missed Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: You Can Now Use Google Assistant on Your iPhone Tech News iPhone and iPad You Can Now Use Google Assistant on Your iPhone Dave Parrack May 18, 2017 18-05-2017 2 minutes You Can Now Use Google Assistant on Your iPhone Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Google has done the unthinkable and brought Google Assistant to the iPhone. Google Assistant is Google’s answer to Apple’s Siri, Microsoft’s Cortana, and Amazon’s Alexa. By bringing it to the iPhone, Google is pitching it in direct competition with Siri, which comes built into iOS 10. For the uninitiated, Google Assistant is a digital assistant powered by artificial intelligence. It was originally only available on the Google Pixel, before Google started rolling it out to more Android handsets Google Assistant Is Coming to More Smartphones Google Assistant Is Coming to More Smartphones Google is beginning to roll Google Assistant out to more smartphones. Unfortunately, the majority of Android handsets are not included in this initial rollout thanks to fragmentation. Read More . And now it’s making the heady leap from Android to iOS as a standalone app. Google Assistant on Your iPhone At Google I/O 2017, Google announced that Google Assistant is now available on the iPhone. It’s a standalone app weighing in a 256MB, and requires you to be running iOS 9.1 or newer. It’s already available to download from the App Store, but only in the United States for the time being. While Google Assistant obviously isn’t baked into iOS like Siri, it’s still relatively simple to use. As Google explains, “Ask it questions. Tell it to do things. It’s your own personal Google, always ready to help.” Once you’ve set it up, just “press the mic icon or start typing”. While iPhone users will be very familiar with Siri, this will probably be their first contact with Google Assistant. So, to help you get to grips with Google Assistant, Google has provided a selection of things Google Assistant is capable of doing. This isn’t everything, but it’s a start. Make quick phone calls (e.g. “Call Mom.”) Send text messages (e.g. “Text my bestie.”) Send emails (e.g. “Email your boss the latest TPS report.”) Set reminders (e.g. “Remind me to buy a birthday gift for Sarah.”) Set calendar events (e.g. “Set a calendar event for dinner with Charlie tomorrow from 7-9.”) Play music (e.g. “Play Jazz music on Youtube.”) Navigate to places (e.g. “Get me directions home.”) Ask it anything (e.g. “Will I need an umbrella today?”) At the time of writing, Google Assistant only works in English, which is a clear disadvantage when comparing it to Siri. However, Google has promised support for French, German, Japanese, Brazilian Portuguese, Italian, Korean, and Spanish languages will arrive before the end of 2017. Google Assistant Is Here to Help Google Assistant is arguably smarter and more capable 10 Things You Didn't Know Google Assistant Could Do 10 Things You Didn't Know Google Assistant Could Do Android's version of Siri -- Google Assistant -- is more powerful than most people realize. Read More than Siri. It’s also friendlier when holding a conversation. So while Apple originally innovated in this area, the company now desperately needs to give Siri a serious makeover if it wants to carry on competing with Google into the future. Have you ever used Google Assistant on an Android handset? If so, what did you think of it? Do you find it more useful than Siri? Or do you prefer Cortana or Alexa? Will you now be installing Google Assistant on your iPhone? Please let us know in the comments below! Previous Post560 Million Old Passwords Have Leaked OnlineNext PostDuolingo Now Helps You Learn Japanese 1 comment Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Shawn May 18, 2017 at 5:49 pm How is this new Google Assistant any different from the Google Now assistant I had way back on my old Galaxy S4? I feel like this has been around forever, just rebranded. I have been able to ask my phone "Okay Google" forever now. Reply Dave Parrack 1454 articles Dave Parrack is a journalist from the UK. Growing up at a time when the internet were blossoming inspired his fascination with technology. With 10 years experience writing online, he's currently the Tech News writer and Entertainment editor at MakeUseOf. You can follow him at About.me. Advertisement Latest Giveaways The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) Teclast X5 Pro Review and Giveaway Teclast X5 Pro Review and Giveaway Chuwi Hi13 Tablet Review and Giveaway Chuwi Hi13 Tablet Review and Giveaway Advertisement Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman SPYR Looking to Carve Out Niche in Fast-Growing eSports Space BONITA, CA–(Marketwired – May 18, 2017) – The headline „Global MMO Games Market to grow with a CAGR of 10.2% by 2025″ was blazoned across a digital report about the current online gaming industry. As readers of financial news know, a 10.2% compound annual growth rate is indeed impressive, but the acronym MMO is what tells the real story: Massively Multiplayer Online games or MMOs are growing at a rate that far surpasses the industry’s projected 10.2% CAGR. And SPYR, Inc. (OTCQB: SPYR) is paving its way with its flagship MMO game Pocket Starships. To understand the future of gaming it is important to appreciate its history. Not long after Pong made its debut on TV screens across America, students in Stanford University’s Artificial Intelligence Lab began playing a game called SpaceWar, and competed in the Intergalactic SpaceWar Olympics for a chance to win a year’s subscription to Rolling Stone Magazine. The year was 1972. The 1980s saw Atari’s Space Invaders Championships and the creation of The US National Video Game Team, but it was in 1997 when the concept of eSports, or electronic sports, became viable, drawing participation from over 2,000 players to the Red Annihilation tournament for the first person shooter game Quake. Shortly after that, the Cyberathlete Professional League was founded, and in 1999 the league began offering prize money. Mobile gaming (think GameBoy and Tetris) took the industry — quite literally — to new places, and allowed players to interact on pocket-size devices. The introduction of each new game and each new gaming platform expanded the gaming universe exponentially, and paved the way for MMO interactive games like SPYR’s Pocket Starships. Since that time multiplayer games like League of Legends, Counter Strike, Halo, and even Minecraft, have dominated not only gaming devices, but also the attention of investors in the gaming and eSports markets. In 2016, the total prize money awarded across all eSports games was $93.3 million. In early 2017, universities in the US began adding eSports to both the academic as well as the athletic curriculum, with one women’s college in Missouri offering scholarships to eSports student athletes. The Olympic Council of Asia recently announced that it will include eSports in the 2018 Asian Games and make it a medal sport in 2022. What this means for gamers and investors is a brighter spotlight on both game development as well as technology enhancements. As the gaming industry has grown, so too has the technology. Gamers are no longer limited to TV screens, consoles or static boxes, but can now play on a variety of mobile devices as well. But frequently, gaming interactions are limited to playing against those on similar devices. What SPYR has with its game Pocket Starships is a unique and true cross-platform game that can be played in real time on a variety of devices. So whether you are playing on your Apple or Android phone, laptop, desktop, iPad or Kindle, all gamers can play together and against one another in the same game universe. This platform will allow SPYR to effectively position and market their games to a wider gaming audience, and reach both recreational as well as competitive players. Furthermore, it cultivates interest (and potential customers) from across a wide demographic band. Women have historically been less active in MMO games, generally preferring single player app games. But with access to MMOs like Pocket Starships through social media portals such as Facebook and VK.com, the European network, more and more women and baby boomers are entering the MMO arena. Where the investment return lies is in the game itself. Mobile games with a high level of interactivity and constant updates are the games that keep gamers enthralled and playing. Within one month of releasing a game update, SPYR reported a 23% increase in the average revenue from each paying user, and a 7.8% increase in the average spend on each in-app purchase. In 2016, Apple Inc. reported that over 76% of app revenues were generated by games. Game developers and producers have a vast frontier ahead of them. With data indicating that more people watched the League of Legends World Championship Finals than watched LeBron James’ compelling performance in the 2016 NBA Championships, and estimates showing an increase in market revenues from just over $100 billion to almost $130 billion by 2020, massive is indeed the operative word in MMO games. About SmallCap Network The SmallCap Network is one of the web’s leading small cap stock trading communities. While large caps tend to receive the majority of media attention, small and micro cap stocks as well as penny stocks can often offer the most potential for investment gains. The SmallCap Network website and free newsletter offer in-depth fundamental research and technical trading recommendations on select small cap stocks, micro cap stocks, bulletin board stocks, and actively traded penny stocks, serving as an investor resource to better tap the full potential offered by such companies. SEC Rule 17b Disclosure The SmallCap Network is committed to providing our readers with useful information on publicly traded companies. The SmallCap Network sometimes contracts with third parties or publicly traded companies and receives compensation from them in the form of cash and sometimes restricted securities as payment for publishing information and opinions about the company and the trading market for their securities. Principals of the SmallCap Network may also purchase or sell securities of the companies in the open market from time to time. The positions that the SmallCap Network or its principals maintain in securities of the companies are disclosed within and should be considered when making an investment decision regarding companies mentioned on SmallCap Network. SmallCap Network may be deemed to have a conflict of interest between its open market activity and positions in these securities and the timing of and opinions expressed in its publications concerning these companies. The publications should not be considered to be independent publications concerning the company. SmallCap Network has been paid $10,000 and 200,000 restricted shares by Spyr, Inc. for market awareness and other advertising services on SPYR. Many statements and opinions expressed herein are those of the editors and staff of SmallCap Network and are subject to change without notice. The site and its newsletter maintain editorial control over its publications and the companies profiled therein do not have any editorial rights concerning the information published about them. No information contained in our website, e-mail communications or our publications should be considered as a solicitation to purchase or sell any of the securities mentioned. SmallCap Network, its principals or employees are not registered investment advisors or a registered securities broker dealer. We do not undertake or represent to make investment recommendations or to give advice pertaining to the purchase or sale of the securities mentioned in our web site, e-mail communications or publications. While we believe all sources of information provided by us and contained in our publication to be accurate and reliable, we cannot and do not guarantee the accuracy of information we received from third parties. Furthermore, SmallCap Network has not independently verified such information provided within our publication. SmallCap Network also employs contributors to help us manage and moderate our growing community. Their primary purpose is to keep our forum running smoothly and informatively for the benefit of its Members. They perform a variety of tasks, including acting as virtual liaisons and publishing information and opinions on select public companies or on behalf of certain third parties who have hired SmallCap Network for various market awareness services. These contributors also contribute to the various discussions throughout our community. They are free to contribute, or not contribute, as they see fit. Some SmallCap Network Contributors may have investments in the stocks they discuss. All SmallCap Network employees and contractors — are required to publicly disclose their current individual stock holdings at the end of an article they’ve written and in the appropriate area when referencing or discussing a stock they own. It is also important to note, the SmallCap Network is not registered as a securities broker-dealer or an investment adviser either with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or with any state securities regulatory authority. All statements and opinions expressed herein are those of the editors and contributors of SmallCap Network and are subject to change without notice. The SmallCap Network maintains editorial control over its publications and the companies profiled therein do not have any editorial rights concerning the information published about them. A profile, description, or other mention of a company at SmallCap Network is neither an offer nor solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any securities mentioned. While we believe all sources of information provided by us and contained in our publication to be accurate and reliable, we cannot and do not guarantee the accuracy of information we received from third parties. Furthermore, SmallCap Network has not independently verified such information provided within our publication. READERS ARE ENCOURAGED TO DO THEIR OWN DUE DILIGENCE BEFORE INVESTING IN ANY SECURITIES MENTIONED AT SMALLCAPNETWORK OR WITHIN ANY OF ITS PUBLICATIONS. INVESTING IN SECURITIES IS SPECULATIVE AND CARRIES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. We encourage our readers to invest carefully and read the investor information available at the web sites of the Securities and Exchange Commission („SEC”) at http://www.sec.gov and/or the National Association of Securities Dealers („NASD”) at http://www.finra.org. We also recommend that you read the SEC advisory to investors concerning Internet Stock Fraud, which can be found at: https://www.sec.gov/reportspubs/investor-publications/investorpubscyberfraudhtm.html. Readers can review all public filings by companies at the SEC’s EDGAR page. The SEC has published information on how to https://www.sec.gov/investor/pubs/tenthingstoconsider.htm at its web site. The information found at SmallCap Network is protected by the copyright laws of the United States and may not be copied, or reproduced in any way without the expressed, written consent of The SmallCap Network. For more information: www.smallcapnetwork.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsOTCQB:SPYR Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Tellurian Announces Withdrawal of Public Offering of Common Stock Next PostNext How to Generate Leads From Social Conversations Search Recent Posts IFA Selects Daniel Mormino, Division Vice President of INFINITI HR, to the 2018 IFA Convention Committee Ritu Kumar Presents ‘Imperial Summer’ Children Living with Asthma Have Chance to Enjoy Fun Outdoor Activities in Safe Environment at Weeklong Camp Dronedarone Hydrochloride Tablets Industry Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2022 LinkedIn’s Workplace Learning Report uncovers LandD Challenges for 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Kanex’s New Charging Stand for Apple Watch and iPhone Now Available BREA, Calif., May 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Kanex, an innovative leader in connectivity solutions for Apple and iOS devices, announces the availability of its new GoPower™ Watch Stand. This premium magnetic charging stand for Apple Watch and iPhone comes integrated with the same inductive charging connector that comes with Apple Watch and can charge both the 38mm and 42mm models. An additional USB port on the back can charge your iPhone, iPad or any other device simultaneously. The sleek, minimalist styling perfectly complements your devices. Additionally, Kanex is excited to announce that their popular GoPower Plus portable power solution is now available in Rose Gold and Matte Black. „The Apple Watch, as with all Apple products, was designed with elegance in mind, and the Kanex GoPower Watch Stand is no different,” said Andrew Truong of Kanex. „It features a smart minimalist design that elevates the Apple Watch for a convenient viewing angle, while also eliminating cable clutter. Plus, with an additional USB port on the back, our Kanex GoPower Watch Stand is the perfect all-in-one solution.” This premium magnetic charging stand for Apple Watch and iPhone comes integrated with the same inductive charging connector that comes with Apple Watch and can charge both the 38mm and 42mm models. An additional USB port on the back can charge your iPhone, iPad or any other device simultaneously. Integrated Charger Unlike other stands and docks, Kanex GoPower Watch Stand already comes integrated with the same magnetic charging connector that comes with your Apple Watch. Now you can use your other charger at the office, in your car or while traveling. Smart Design The low profile, compact design of Kanex GoPower Watch not only charges your Apple Watch but can also charge your iPhone so you can keep both devices together, powered and ready to go. Bedside Charging Kanex GoPower Watch Stand is ideal on your bedside table for safe, overnight charging. Simply place your Apple Watch on the stand. The magnetic charger securely holds your watch in place and automatically starts charging. Apple Certified GoPower Watch Stand is Apple MFi Certified, which means it’s specifically made to fit with your Apple Watch and iPhone, so you can expect quality performance and reliability. New GoPower Plus Colors Now available in Rose Gold and Matte Black, the GoPower Plus is a is a premium portable power solution featuring built-in micro USB cable with an Apple Certified Lightning adapter for use with both Apple and Android devices. Packed with 8,000 mAh of power, GoPower Plus’s slim yet durable battery is capable of delivering two FAST full charges to your latest iOS or Android smartphones, while an extra USB port allows an additional device to charge simultaneously. Availability & Pricing The Kanex GoPower Watch Stand is available now on www.kanex.com/applewatch-stand and for $69.95, as well as on amazon.com. The Kanex GoPower Plus is available now on www.kanex.com/gopowerplus for $59.95. Both products are also available on Amazon.com. About Kanex Kanex is a group of thinkers, creators, technologists, go-getters and doers. As an innovative leader in connectivity solutions for Apple, iOS, PC and Android, we have thrived on creating functional products that fit seamlessly into your everyday life. We have a passion for technology, which is why we are so dedicated to advancing tomorrow’s technology, today. Our deep-rooted commitment to providing advanced consumer electronics has demanded we think not just of the individual, but also the home, the business and the environment they survive in. We are Kanex. Driven by passion, curious by nature and unconventional by design. Follow Kanex on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. More information can be found at www.kanex.com. PR Contact: Andrew Wille Copernio 847-917-3174 kanex@copernio.com All products/services and trademarks mentioned in this release are the properties of their respective companies. © 2017 Kanex. All rights reserved. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/kanexs-new-charging-stand-for-apple-watch-and-iphone-now-available-300458821.html SOURCE Kanex Related Links http://www.kanex.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsNew Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Water Purifier Market By Technology ( Gravity Purifier, RO Purifier, UV Purifier, Sediment Filter) : Industry Forecast to 2024 Next PostNext Efacec “brings” electricity to Rwanda Search Recent Posts Anaerobic Adhesives Market Report 2017, Trends, Analysis, Share, Estimates and Forecasts to 2022. Global Hot Water Bottles Market Report Focused on Top Manufacturers, Developments & Growth By 2022 NSF awards AAPT and partners $3 million for national pilot program to increase female physics majors Global Gas Temporary Power Industry Continues Explosive Growth by 2022 Tucson Podiatrist Pleads Guilty to Forgery & Surrenders State License Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         iPhone users, will you be using Google Assistant? Google Evan Selleck Contributing Editor | May 18, 2017 72 shares 56 13 0 1 0 0 0 2 0               Google I/O 2017 kicked off yesterday, and the company hosting the developer event had more than a few things to announce. We mostly saw updates to existing services, like Google Photos, but there were newish things, too. Like Google Assistant rolling out to a brand new market: the iPhone. The rumor mill had pointed to Assistant making the jump before Google could get around to making it official, so it wasn't all that surprising to see it happen. Plus, it's Google, so it always felt like it was just a matter of time before it happened. Google's services only work, and can only improve, when they're available to as many people as possible. Plus, let's face it, Siri has shortcomings, and Google would be silly not to want to try and fill those gaps. I haven't downloaded the app onto my iPhone just yet, mostly because I'm not in any rush, but I took some time yesterday to read over those who had, and to see what their first impressions were. It went about as well as I expected: Google Assistant is great, probably better than Siri in some cases, definitely better in others, and, yet, not as good as it could be -- because it's on iOS. At this point it's common knowledge that Apple doesn't let iOS users change default apps. So iMessage is the default app for texting, whether it's a standard SMS or an iMessage, and Apple's own Photos app is the default way to look at pictures and videos. So on and so forth. And while some people would probably love to set Google Assistant as the default digital personal assistant on their iPhone, well, you can't. That's Siri's job. So while Google Assistant on the iPhone can play music from Apple Music (another default app on Apple's behalf) and YouTube, it can't send money from third-party apps, and it can't summon rides from Uber. It can't post to social networks like Twitter, and it can't take a selfie, or even send messages through third-party messaging apps. Siri can do these things, because Apple knows it's a strength. Assistant isn't the first competing digital personal assistant available on iOS, after all, and Apple needs to make sure that, while there might be other options, Siri is still the easiest to access and has more features -- just by the very nature of iOS and its design. I use Siri hands-free, like checking a sports score, the weather, and maybe setting a timer or alarm. Otherwise the digital personal assistant doesn't really come up. And while Google Assistant is great, the fact that I can't just launch the app without touching my phone means I probably won't even put it on my phone. Now, if Apple makes it possible to change default apps, well, it's a whole new ballgame. (One can dream!) What about you? If you're an iPhone owner, do you plan to download Google Assistant and use it as often as you can? Let me know! Google Assistant iPhone Apple Siri iPhone 7 Plus Apple Google Apple iPhone 7 Plus Products mentioned Apple iPhone 7 Plus Next ArticleIs a stock Android experience a requirement for you anymore? Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts OnePlus teaming up with DxO to work on OnePlus 5 camera performance Google prepping Android Pay expansion, support for sending money to friends ASUS ZenFone AR will launch at Verizon this summer Google Assistant’s updates make a big difference View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A30 Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel GO FLIP Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel Onetouch Pixi Bond Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pixi Unite Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung ANS H450R Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry KEYone BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life One X2 BLU Life One X2 Mini BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio J5 BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Avail Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 Honor 6X HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC U Play HTC U Ultra HTC U11 HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend Huawei Ascend 5W HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P10 Huawei P10 Plus Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SENSA Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch Huawei Watch 2 i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 108C LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 238C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 442BG LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aristo LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG G6 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG Harmony LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K20 plus LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG Phoenix 3 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Risio LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spree LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Stylo 3 LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG X Style LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto C Plus Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto G5 Moto G5 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Polaroid A4 Polaroid A5 Polaroid A6 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J2 Prime Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy J7 Perx Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S8+ Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE Avid Trio ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord ZTE Concord II ZTE Cymbal Z-320 ZTE Cymbal-T ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE MAX XL ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Prestige 2 ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 6GB AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Unlimited AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited AT&T Unlimited Choice AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Plus AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile Unlimited Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $100 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $100 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $11 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $11 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $125 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $125 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $13 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $150 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $175 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $200 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $7 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 2GB Single Line Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile ONE Plus International T-Mobile ONE Plus International No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Prepaid T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only Teltik Business Unlimited Talk, Text, 2GB Data Teltik Business Unlimited Talk, Text, 6GB Data Teltik Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data $50 TeltikOne Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data TeltikOne Plus Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data TeltikOne Plus International Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Mobile Caring TPO Mobile Gentle TPO Mobile Hero TPO Mobile Infinity TPO Mobile Kind TPO Mobile Noble TPO Mobile North America TPO Mobile People's TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details Twigby 1000 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby 200 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby 500 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby Unlimited Talk and Text U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 300 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 5GB Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Unlimited Verizon Unlimited Prepaid Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB334MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB834MB900MB938MB2083MB1250MB1667MB3750MB6250MB7500MB8750MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Alcatel A30 vs BLU R1 HD: Best Budget Smartphones Under $100 Beau Hamilton 6 hours 15 min ago 3 shares 2 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Samsung Galaxy S8+ Review: Bigger Is Not Necessarily Better Beau Hamilton 3 days 9 hours ago 39 shares 38 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 Best Tech of April 2017! Beau Hamilton 2 weeks 8 hours ago 1 shares 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 Cell Phone Deals May 2017 Digest Christine Torralba 2 weeks 2 days ago 13 shares 7 1 0 0 0 0 3 1 1 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice Google Pixel XL 2 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 2 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × More People's Choice Latest Videos Samsung Galaxy S7 edge: One Year Later 10 shares 2 5 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 Android 7.0 Nougat on OnePlus 3T 12 shares 2 3 0 0 0 0 4 2 1 Best Tech of January 2017! 13 shares 10 1 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   Google Pixel XL Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Apple iPhone 7 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG X Style Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG Stylo 2 V Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T Galaxy S6, S6 edge, S6 AT&T to begin deprioritizing I’m not angry that apps to prevent AT&T 5G Evolution service now Samsung Galaxy S8 hardware won Will you wait to buy a Galaxy S8 Results of FCC's 600MHz Sprint News Sprint planning for 5G rollout in Have you switched carriers to get Sprint Magic Box is an indoor Cell Phone Deals May 2017 Digest Sprint launches fifth Unlimited ZTE MAX XL packs 6-inch display Samsung Galaxy S8 hardware won T-Mobile News LG Stylo 3 Plus launches at T- T-Mobile LG G6 BOGO deal now T-Mobile Galaxy S8 Buy One, Get T-Mobile will reportedly offer T-Mobile reportedly prepping own- T-Mobile quietly stops offering T-Mobile Premium Device Protection Verizon Wireless ASUS ZenFone AR will launch at Verizon LG Watch Sport has been Cell Phone Deals May 2017 Digest T-Mobile CEO says Verizon network Verizon now offering unlimited Verizon Galaxy S8 missing Amazon Samsung Galaxy S8 hardware won PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Síguenos en las redes sociales: TwitterFacebookLinkedin Agoras Ofertas de Empleo Edición PDF + Hemeroteca Ecotrader eE Dirección de email Contraseña Recordarme ¿Olvidaste tu contraseña? Registrarse Servicios Premium Ecotrader Edición PDF + Hemeroteca El Superlunes Servicios gratuitos Listas y rankings Club elEconomista.es Cartera Foros Zona usuario Datos personales Editar perfil Medios de pago Facturas Servicios Premium Servicios Premium Ecotrader Edición PDF + Hemeroteca El Superlunes Servicios gratuitos Listas y rankings Club elEconomista.es Cartera Foros Tecnología en CanalPDA Portada Mercados y Cotizaciones Opinión Empresas Economía Tecnología Vivienda Ecoley Ecotrader Ecoaula Ecomotor Evasión EcoDiario Career | Support | Contact Us CanalPDA CanalPDA | Información y consejos para aprovechar tu dispositivo móvil Inicio MWC2016 Marcas Acer Alcatel Amazon Apple Asus Blackberry Huawei HTC LG Motorola Nokia Palm Samsung Buscar en CanalPDA Archivo Elegir mes mayo 2017 abril 2017 marzo 2017 febrero 2017 enero 2017 diciembre 2016 noviembre 2016 octubre 2016 septiembre 2016 agosto 2016 julio 2016 junio 2016 mayo 2016 abril 2016 marzo 2016 febrero 2016 enero 2016 diciembre 2015 noviembre 2015 octubre 2015 septiembre 2015 agosto 2015 julio 2015 junio 2015 mayo 2015 abril 2015 marzo 2015 febrero 2015 enero 2015 diciembre 2014 noviembre 2014 octubre 2014 septiembre 2014 agosto 2014 julio 2014 junio 2014 mayo 2014 abril 2014 marzo 2014 febrero 2014 enero 2014 diciembre 2013 noviembre 2013 octubre 2013 septiembre 2013 agosto 2013 julio 2013 junio 2013 mayo 2013 abril 2013 marzo 2013 febrero 2013 enero 2013 diciembre 2012 noviembre 2012 octubre 2012 septiembre 2012 agosto 2012 julio 2012 junio 2012 mayo 2012 abril 2012 marzo 2012 febrero 2012 enero 2012 diciembre 2011 noviembre 2011 octubre 2011 septiembre 2011 agosto 2011 julio 2011 junio 2011 mayo 2011 abril 2011 marzo 2011 febrero 2011 enero 2011 diciembre 2010 noviembre 2010 octubre 2010 septiembre 2010 agosto 2010 julio 2010 junio 2010 mayo 2010 abril 2010 marzo 2010 febrero 2010 enero 2010 diciembre 2009 noviembre 2009 octubre 2009 septiembre 2009 agosto 2009 julio 2009 junio 2009 mayo 2009 abril 2009 marzo 2009 febrero 2009 enero 2009 diciembre 2008 noviembre 2008 octubre 2008 septiembre 2008 agosto 2008 julio 2008 junio 2008 mayo 2008 abril 2008 marzo 2008 febrero 2008 enero 2008 diciembre 2007 noviembre 2007 octubre 2007 septiembre 2007 agosto 2007 julio 2007 junio 2007 mayo 2007 abril 2007 marzo 2007 febrero 2007 enero 2007 diciembre 2006 noviembre 2006 octubre 2006 septiembre 2006 agosto 2006 julio 2006 junio 2006 mayo 2006 abril 2006 marzo 2006 febrero 2006 enero 2006 diciembre 2005 noviembre 2005 octubre 2005 septiembre 2005 agosto 2005 julio 2005 junio 2005 mayo 2005 abril 2005 marzo 2005 febrero 2005 enero 2005 diciembre 2004 noviembre 2004 octubre 2004 septiembre 2004 agosto 2004 julio 2004 junio 2004 mayo 2004 abril 2004 marzo 2004 De qué se habla aquí 4g Accesorios android aplicaciones apple blackberry Captures cifras e-libros empresas ericsson facebook google Grafics / Taules Hardware huawei Internet de las cosas (IoT) ios ipad iphone lg Logotips mercado microsoft Mobils movistar nokia operadoras Opinión orange palm samsung seguridad Servicios smartphones Software symbian tabletas tarifas telefonica twitter vida digital vodafone windows mobile windows phone NOTA DE PRENSA Las informaciones del apartado Comunicados han sido facilitadas por las propias empresas o sus gabinetes de comunicación. CanalPDA las publica como servicio a los lectores, pero no asume ninguna responsabilidad sobre el contenido. Si desea remitir sus comunicados para publicación, utilice la opción correspondiente de nuestro formulario de contacto. Qualcomm Files Breach of Contract Complaint against Apple’s Manufacturers for Non-Payment of Royalties 18 may 2017 - 12:06 por Recepción comunicados CanalPDA. Seguir a @canalpda Qualcomm Incorporated (NASDAQ: QCOM) today filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of California against FIH Mobile Ltd. and Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd., (together known as Foxconn), Pegatron Corporation, Wistron Corporation, and Compal Electronics, Inc., the four manufacturers of all Apple iPhones and iPads sold worldwide, for breaching their license agreements and other commitments with Qualcomm and refusing to pay for use of Qualcomm’s licensed technologies. Qualcomm seeks an order that would require the defendants to comply with their long-standing contractual obligations to Qualcomm, as well as declaratory relief and damages.Despite a long history of consistently paying royalties under their license agreements with Qualcomm, the manufacturers now are refusing to pay royalties on the Apple products they produce. While not disputing their contractual obligations to pay for the use of Qualcomm’s inventions, the manufacturers say they must follow Apple’s instructions not to pay. The license agreements with the manufacturers in many cases were entered into before Apple sold its first iPhone and Apple is not a party to the agreements. Further, the defendants are continuing to pay Qualcomm royalties for use of Qualcomm’s technology in non-Apple products, under the very same agreements that apply to the Apple products. Qualcomm has already filed a separate claim against Apple for its unlawful interference with the license agreements between Qualcomm and these manufacturers. “It is unfortunate that we must take this action against these long-time licensees to enforce our agreements, but we cannot allow these manufacturers and Apple to use our valuable intellectual property without paying the fair and reasonable royalties to which they have agreed,” said Don Rosenberg, executive vice president and general counsel of Qualcomm. “As Apple continues to collect billions of dollars from consumer sales of its Qualcomm-enabled products, it is using its market power as the wealthiest company in the world to try to coerce unfair and unreasonable license terms from Qualcomm in its global attack on the company. Our license agreements with Apple’s manufacturers remain valid and enforceable. The manufacturers must continue to live up to their obligations under these agreements and Apple should immediately cease its tortious interference.” Qualcomm Seguir a @canalpda apple qualcomm royalties Nota de prensa El catalán en el Samsung Galaxy SIII Proves Twitter Feed This website is powered by Wordpress | Theme By Blogohblog.com CanalPDA CanalPDA | Información y consejos para aprovechar tu dispositivo móvil ¿Es usuario de elEconomista.es? Regístrese aquí | Dése de alta Sobre nosotros Archivo Ayuda Nota Legal Publicidad Quiénes somos RSS Suscripciones Ediciones España Andalucía Castilla y León Cataluña Euskadi C. Valenciana English edition elEconomista tv Blogs Desde el burladero Blogságora Dr. Puk El mundo en bits Fondo de armario La viñeta del día Parada y gol Vámonos de vinos Redes sociales Facebook Twitter Club eE La tienda Servicios Edición PDF + Hemeroteca Ecotablet elSuperLunes Alertas móvil Cartelera El tiempo Libros Listas Especiales Elecciones 20-N Fórmula 1 Eurobasket 2011 Lotería Renta Nuestros partners Boxoffice - Industria del cine Nuestra red elEconomista.es · Mercados y cotizaciones · Opinión · Empresas · Economía · Tecnología · Vivienda · Ecoley · Gestión · Análisis técnico · Fichas valor · Recomendaciones Ecotrader.es R. Variable Fundamental R. Variable Técnico R. Fija Divisas Materias Primas Información general · Global · España · Deportes · Medio Ambiente · Cultura · Comunicación Formación y empleo · Universidades · Campus · Másters y MBA · Investigación · Emprendedores · Empleo y prácticas · F.P. Información motor · Novedades · Pruebas · Comparativas · Reportajes · Motor Clásico · Fórmula 1 · Motos · Foros · Seguros Estilo y Tendencias · Moda y complementos · Gastronomía · Gourmet · Tendencias · En forma · Gente Ecoprensa S.A. - Todos los derechos reservados | Cloud Hosting en Acens
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars APPS Opinion Can we just call them apps? Harrison Weber@harrisonweber May 18, 2017 7:26 AM Above: Amazon Echo Dot Image Credit: Khari Johnson Apps are everywhere. Everywhere. Everywhere you look, you’ll find apps. It wasn’t always that way. On Windows, apps were “programs.” On a Mac, they were “applications.” When Microsoft took up the term, following Apple’s App Store — THE App Store — Apple fans cried foul: They should be “progs,” they said, because Windows has programs, they said, and Mac has applications. On gaming consoles, apps were once games, or discs, or cartridges. Music used to be CDs, or tapes, or vinyl. Cameras used to be cameras, but now they’re apps. Everything is an app. Social networks are camera companies now, which, again, are just apps. Websites were once just websites — now, if they’re any good, they’re web apps. Mail went from paper to website to app. Apps are everywhere. On watches. On TVs. Inside other apps. Apple trademarked the App Store, so Google called its app store a Play Store. It’s still an app store. You don’t download “plays” in a Play Store. You download apps. Amazon made an app store and went to court over it. Amazon made its app store one word: the “Appstore.” We call it an app store, because it’s a store for apps. Now apps aren’t just something you touch or click, or even something you can see. Siri. Alexa. Google Assistant. Cortana. There are apps for your voice now — voice apps. But Apple calls Siri apps “extensions.” And Amazon calls Alexa apps “skills.” Microsoft, not very original, calls Cortana apps “skills,” too. Google calls Google Assistant apps “actions.” But they’re just apps. Voice apps. Like phone apps and laptop apps. So really, can we just call them apps? VB Recommendations PC Gaming Weekly: Sega’s resurgence isn’t happening on consoles Creating financial wellness solutions that consumers can trust (VB Live) This is the Microsoft Surface Pro
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Bingo Sun Gifts £9.50 Hols Superdays News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz News Living Money Motors Travel Tech Sun Bets Sun Bingo All Tech All Tech Science Phones & Gadgets Gaming TECH IT OUT! When is the iPhone 8 coming out? Release date, features, price, rumours and ‘leaked photos’ – Here’s all you need to know Apple's next offering is expected to boast some incredible new tech but ditch some familiar features By Jasper Hamill 18th May 2017, 2:24 pm Updated: 18th May 2017, 2:26 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments IT’S set to be a big year for Apple fans, because this year marks the 10th anniversary of the first iPhone. Rumours are still swirling over new features like a 3D camera, infinity screen to rival the Samsung S8, and free AirPods for every buyer. Getty Images 4 The tech world is already lighting up with gossip about the upcoming iPhone 8   How much will the iPhone 8 cost? Rumours suggest that the new smartphone could be a lot more affordable than you think. Steven Milunovich, an analyst from global financial services giant UBS, claims that Apple’s prices are expected to stay around the same price as the iPhone 7. He said the flagship iPhone 8 will start from $850, which is around £682. BENJAMIN GESKIN/IDROPNEWS 4 Is this how the iPhone 8 will look? The alleged new design shows that the menu bar is nowhere to be seen Milunovich wrote in a report seen by Mac Rumours: “Contrary to some perceptions, Apple prices quite competitively. “Apple likes to position its entry-level products at the mid-market with ‘Pro/Plus’ products close to competitors at the high end.” But other experts have predicted that buying an iPhone 8 in the UK could set you back more than £850. This is because the 10th-anniversary smartphone will reportedly have 256GB of storage, augmented reality technologies, 3D sensors and high-quality OLED display, according to the Daily Mail. When will the iPhone 8 be released? Apple had been expected expected to release the iPhone 8 in September 2017, in keeping with its annual autumn launch of major new products. In 2016 the iPhone 7 was launched on 16 September, so a similar mid-September date seemed most likely. Nothing has been confirmed, but Apple tends to stick to the same schedule every year. The iPhone 5, 5S, 6, 6S and 7 were all launched in September of consecutive years. However, according to the Economic Daily News technical problems mean it could be delayed by weeks due to “technical issues” with the hotly anticipated curved screen and 3D camera. Other rumours have suggested that delays in the handset’s new fingerprint sensor mean its release could be delayed until October at the earliest. And some analysts believe that there won’t be a new Apple iPhone launch until 2018. Have photos been leaked of the new iPhone 8? Apple fans went into meltdown when “new pictures” of the iPhone design were leaked online. But it’s been claimed the latest pictures claiming to be the iPhone 8 show a previous mock-up released just weeks ago. Technology website BGR claimed to reveal “the world’s first look at Apple’s final iPhone 8 design in real life”. It was later claimed the images were the work of a graphic designer Benjamin Geskin, who claimed to have been handed pictures from Apple manufacturer Foxconn, which showed what the iPhone might look. The very first actual images of the iPhone 8 (prototype) via @BGR pic.twitter.com/LIIpS3ChPX — Safwan Ahmedmia (@SuperSaf) May 17, 2017   What will the iPhone 8 come with? Analysts from JP Morgan have reportedly said the iPhone 8 will come with a free pair of Airpods, Apple’s cool wireless headphones. In a briefing note seen by Apple Insider, experts suggested the Airpods would come as a free bonus. However, the claim is unverified and has been described as “unlikely” because of the £159 cost of the wireless earphones and the huge demand which means iFans have to wait up to six weeks to buy a pair from the Apple Store. 4 The AirPods allow you to speak on phone calls as well as listen to music What new features will the iPhone 8 have? Facial recognition Apple is rumoured to be planning to blast its biggest fans with LASER BEAMS when they buy the next iPhone 8. But whilst this sound scary, the James Bond-esque technology may actually allow them to open up their mobile phone using their face. An unconfirmed Apple rumour has suggested the upcoming device will use a laser to scan users’ features. This could allow them to use their own lovely face to access the gadget, rather than having to scan a fingerprint or enter a password. “Features appear to include some form of facial/gesture recognition supported by a new laser sensor and an infrared sensor mounted near the front-facing camera and, as expected, should also finally include wireless charging,” wrote Apple analyst Timothy Arcuri, according to Business Insider. Screen and camera The iPhone 8 is rumoured to have a stunning edge-to-edge OLED display taking up the length and breadth of the device. It could also feature an all-glass design, according to a recently filed patent. The patent awarded to Apple describes a device with a display that “may occupy the entire front face”. The screen will have the Home Button  — complete with super-sensitive Touch ID technology — and its front-facing camera built in, according to leaked reports from Apple’s Cupertino HQ. It is even thought the screen could be curved, just like the latest high-tech TVs. However, recent iGossip suggests that this prediction could be WRONG – and the cutting-edge OLED display could be held back until Apple releases an experimental version of the phone in 2018. Depending on the model (iPhone 8 is expected to come in three versions, see below) there will also be improved Optical Image Stabilisation technology. It has been rumoured that a 3D camera, which allows users to scan a 3D version of themselves into the phone, could be included in this version. ConceptsiPhone 4 Rumours are the iPhone 8 (artist’s impression) could be full-screen and feature wireless charging technology It will allow for even clearer ultra-HD photographs using two cameras: a 12 megapixel wide-angle lens and a telephoto lens. This OIS technology already features on the iPhone 7 Plus’s wide-angle lens, but NOT the telephoto lens. The telephoto lens is expected to be improved in time for the iPhone 8 launch, meaning even pictures taken from far away will be clearer and more stabilised. It has also been reported that Apple is working with LG on a camera for the iPhone 8 that would allow 3D photographs. It is unclear exactly how these could be put to use – however, a tech industry expert suggested a “revolutionary” front-facing camera could use infared technology to take 3D selfies. These cutting edge photos could then be used to create video game characters that accurately resemble the players themselves. Light-emitting diode (OLED) panels Apple placed orders for bendable organic light-emitting diode (OLED) panels – the kind you find on Samsung phones – to use in 70 million smartphones, according to sources speaking to Nikkei Asian Review. OLED screens are typically used in fancy smart TVs because they offer high colour and motion quality (making it perfect for watching Netflix)  without munching too much power. Wireless charging Taiwanese tech manufacturer Foxconn is making wireless charging modules for the iPhone 8, according to reports. It means the iPhone 8 will reportedly be able to be charged from 15 FEET away. It will use a built-in wireless receiver to receive power from a transmitter plugged into a socket. A company called Energous is said to be supplying the technology it called ‘WattUp’. The firm has previously boasted WattUp technology can allow devices to be charged from the impressive distance. iPhone 8 'will have wireless charging using WattUp technology' No more Lightning port It has been claimed that Apple will remove the familiar Lightning connector from the upcoming model. Rumours suggest that the firm wants to remove the Lightning and replace it with the USB-3, which could provoke mild grumbling from people who own headphones or other peripherals which connect to the familiar jack. What will the iPhone 8 be called? Apple is rumoured to be planning to call its next smartphone the iPhone X in a huge break from its usual naming traditions. Up until now, every new iPhone has been given a reasonably logical name, although Apple did slip the odd 's' after some model numbers. In a briefing note seen by Tech Radar, analyst Timothy Arcuri of Cowen and Company said his supply chain sources has predicated a name change for the new mobile. "It’s a name that makes some sense, simultaneously highlighting the phone’s high status and giving a nod to it being the tenth anniversary of the iPhone, with X, of course, being the Roman numeral for 10," the website wrote. Apple unveils waterproof and wireless iPhone 7 with no headphone jack Will the iPhone 8 have a headphone jack, home button or touchbar? It doesn't look like the new iPhone will have a headphone jack, and the physical home button is expected to disappear as the whole face will be a screen. Apple is tipped to follow in the footsteps of Samsung’s Galaxy S8 by removing the physical home button from the phone to allow for an edge-to-edge display, news.com.au reports. Recent leaked sketches have shown the fingerprint scanner had been moved to the rear of the phone — a necessity given the removal of the home button. Apple users outraged as new iPhone 8 has relocated home button to the BACK The device is tipped to be missing the familiar touchbar to make way for a massive infinity screen. Drawn up by Benjamin Geskin at iDropNews, they predict that the virtual home button will feature a fingerprint sensor and accept and decline buttons for when someone calls. Where the menu bar once was will be a virtual function area where you can toggle music and apps. What will the iPhone 8 look like? While there is yet to be confirmation from Apple, alleged "blueprints" have been doing the rounds on Chinese social media. The design suggests the “Touch ID” button will appear on the front and that the device will feature the same sort of home button and fingerprint scanner as the current model. You can see one of the diagram in the tweet below, which was sent by Apple Insider. Purported internal schematic of #iPhone8 shows 'A11' chip, removable SIM https://t.co/Khy5VJqj11 pic.twitter.com/828HUhyUt7 — AppleInsider (@appleinsider) April 24, 2017 How many models of iPhone 8 will there be? There will be three different versions of the iPhone 8, according to a market analysis note seen by MacRumors. The premium version will be a 5.8 inch model with the OLED screen, while there will be two TFT-LCD screen models — a 4.7 inch version and a 5.5 inch version. The smallest 4.7 inch model will not have the dual camera Optical Image Stabalisation Technology, while the larger and more expensive models will, according to the note. MOST READ IN NEWS ROCK LEGEND DEAD Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell committed suicide by hanging himself in his hotel room, officials say VERY HOT YOGA Saucy TV host Jenny Scordamaglia strips completely NAKED to show off her yoga skills 'YOU WERE MEANT TO KILL ME!' Drug-crazed US Navy veteran ploughs into pedestrians in Times Square killing girl, 18, and injuring 22 before being tackled by cops in murder-suicide bid HEIRESS TRIED TO RIP ME SMIRNOFF Vodka heiress and reality telly beauty Marinika Smirnova hauled into court over plot to steal valuables worth thousands from ex Cannon 'n Bawl Double act comedy legend Tommy Cannon declared bankrupt after being hit with £800k tax bill SHE DOES HAVE A FUN SIDE ‘Unimpressed’ gymnast McKayla Maroney posts video dancing in a THONG FORGET THE RITZ... TRY MCDONALDS Spendthrift son's attempt to sue for £101m Lotto win dad's millions slapped down in court after step-mum reveals how she put her foot down DEATH IN TIMES SQUARE First picture of 18-year-old girl killed in New York when car driven by Navy veteran ploughed into crowds in Times Square 'A TRUE ROCK GOD' Led Zeppelin legend Jimmy Page leads tributes to Chris Cornell as his life is remembered in pics NIGHT PROWLER ALERT Cops issue warning to close windows after sex attacker groped sleeping teenage girl and woman 'YOU COULD HAVE HAD ANOTHER SERIES' Rhys Jones' dad reveals what makers of Little Boy Blue had to leave OUT GANGSTER TV London gun gang nabbed after bragging about crimes on Youtube videos and Channel 5’s Gangland: Turf Wars’ HARD TO SWALLOW Mum 'threatened with JAIL over one-star TripAdvisor restaurant review and then got hit with legal warnings’ ACCA CRACKER William Hill punter wins £250,000 on a £90 nine-fold accumulator bet... but hasn't cashed it in yet Suited and Booted Austin Reed to cut 1,000 jobs as 116-yr-old men’s store shuts up shop on high street BULGER THUG 'TRAUMA' Drug dealer who claimed discovering James Bulger's body pushed him to crime is jailed YOU'VE BEEN CYCLE-FRAMED Dashcam captures yob almost getting run over as he attempts to pinch posh bike from a moving car CRIMINALLY HOT World’s sexiest cop swaps her uniform for a bikini to be crowned Miss Texas 2017 CAUGHT ON CAMERA Shocking helmet cam shows how it feels to be attacked by the moped gang that is terrifying London PM CLEARS BREXIT CHEQUE Theresa May risks Brexiteers' wrath with pledge for huge Brussels payout to smooth trade deal The Sun Topics Apple Apple Rumours Explainers iPhone 8 Smartphones Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Popular Latest ROCK LEGEND DEAD Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell committed suicide by hanging himself in his hotel room, officials say News Exclusive anth in her pants Telly veteran Anthea Turner, 56, says she still 'gets her t**s out' and 'loves a s**g' as she urges older women to open up about sex TV & Showbiz VERY HOT YOGA Saucy TV host Jenny Scordamaglia strips completely NAKED to show off her yoga skills News FAMILY UNIT Singer Chris Cornell paid tribute to wife of 13 years Vicky Karayiannis just days before his death Living Exclusive LIAM OPENS HIS HEART 1D star Liam Payne reveals moment he feared Cheryl was going to DUMP him - and how he had a crush on her at just 14 TV & Showbiz A TO Z FOR YOUR V From BLOW DRYING it to vagina workouts, the 11 things you NEED to know about your lady bits Living HOL LOTTA STYLE Holly Willoughby swaps This Morning glamour for skintight jeans as she shows off amazing figure TV & Showbiz Warning 'YOU WERE MEANT TO KILL ME!' Drug-crazed US Navy veteran ploughs into pedestrians in Times Square killing girl, 18, and injuring 22 before being tackled by cops in murder-suicide bid News Revealed HOLY COW That red liquid that oozes out of your steak isn’t blood at all… here’s what it REALLY is Living Exclusive ONLY WAY IS EXES Pete Wicks confirms relationship with Megan McKenna is over after the 'worst Towie series ever' TV & Showbiz NOT THRONE IDLE Princess Eugenie denies she's lazy after claims that she took off HALF of her first 10 weeks in new job TV & Showbiz Pictured AND HE'S WON IT Ander Herrera bags player of the year award at Man United's lavish end of season bash hosted by Rachel Riley Football Exclusive 'NOT A COACH' Tony Adams: Arsene Wenger couldn't coach his way out of a paper bag... and Arsenal blocked me returning FOUR times Football PICTURE PERFECT The pictures that prove just how big a fan Kim Kardashian, Vicky Pattison and Ariel Winter are of the 'Airbrush Diet' TV & Showbiz AN OFFER HE CAN'T REFUSE Legendary WWE icon CM Punk offered staggering $1m to make a one-off return to the ring Sport Just Published SOLAR SHIELD Nasa thinks a man-made 'bubble' of energy surrounding Earth could protect us from solar storms Tech WORLD'S DEADLIEST WEATHER Tornadoes, lightning and HUGE hailstones... scientists reveal the most devastating weather disasters in history Tech LOOSE CLICKS SINK BRITS Scammers using fake BT email offering 'cure' for WannaCry virus to swindle innocent Brits Tech ready to update Android reveals the brand new features that will be available on its updated software Tech A LITTLE BIRD TOLD ME Take the 'secret' Twitter personality test to find out how much the social network knows about you Tech TECH IT OUT! From free AirPods for every buyer and rumours of 'leaked photos', these are the latest details for the iPhone 8 Tech CONTROL YOUR EMOJIS Google sounds death knell for rubbish blob emojis that nobody can understand - and will offer similar ones to Apple Tech VIRTY WEEKEND Virtual reality porn could be available in thousands of European hotels room within six months Tech Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site » Don't Miss: Windows 10 Redstone: A guide to the builds Excel 2016 cheat sheet Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Read CW’s May digital magazine! How Veritas is getting its cloud on Buyers’ Guide: Prices dropping for data visualization software Windows Server 2016 Hyper-V: More secure, but not faster More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Mobile & Wireless Apple iOS Apple Holic By Jonny Evans, Computerworld | May 18, 2017 5:19 AM PT About | Appleholic, (noun), æp·əl-hɑl·ɪk: An imaginative person who thinks about what Apple is doing, why and where it is going. Delivering popular Apple-related news, advice and entertainment since 1999. News Analysis Google Assistant for iPhone: An enterprise perspective What you need to know Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Google More like this Watch out, Siri: Google wants to put Assistant on iPhone 12+ reasons you’ll want to be at WWDC 2017 Apple’s Siri has a huge language advantage Video Mingis on Tech: Energy microgrids, what's up with Apple TV -- and drones! Google I/O saw a range of Google announcements, from the introduction of a low-end Android O OS for low-end phones to the introduction of new software designed to challenge Siri on iPhone, Google Assistant for iPhone. Google Assistant Apple’s ads-focused competitor is playing a strong move with this release. The company hopes to exploit existing public perception that Siri isn’t such a great voice assistant by launching its own assistant at Apple’s platform. Time – and any Siri improvements announced at WWDC – will tell us if it succeeds in this. Presently available only in the U.S., Google Assistant lets you use your voice to request Google searches and control services, including smart home devices. You can use it to make calls, send messages and emails, set reminders and events, play YouTube music, get navigation advice, and search for the answers to questions. It is an app, which means you need to activate it to use it just as you do any app on iOS. That's different from Siri on iOS, which is built inside the operating system so you can access it without needing to open the app. Curiously, Assistant can do one thing Siri inexplicably cannot do -- which is to turn on your flashlight. Enterprise pros and cons Enterprise users, particularly developers, may also be interested to learn that Google has introduced a software development kit they can use to build apps that integrate with Google Assistant. What else do enterprise users who are building their digital transformation strategy around Apple and iOS need to know about Google’s new toy? There are a few reasons enterprise users may be wary of jumping too fast to allow employees to install the new software on their iPhones, particularly those used to share and/or access confidential information. It is fortunate that most digital transformation leaders in the C-suite are already too wary to simply extend their existing security policy in order to support any new software, particularly software that by its nature demands potentially valuable information be shared with a third-party server outside of corporate control. CIO check list CIOs will need to think about the following when considering the potential of permitting use of Google Assistant on iPhones: The size: The app weighs in at 256MB. This is by no means a deal-breaker, but it may challenge enterprise-wise deployments that use low capacity iPhones. Battery life impact: We know from using Facebook, Twitter, and other powerful social media apps that solutions that update themselves regularly can become battery life hogs. Now, Google Assistant has only been available for a short time and I can’t speak to how much energy the app consumes, but it’s going to make little sense revising existing protocols to enable use of this app if it means your mobile workers see a big impact on power requirements. Google Account: To use Google Assistant on an iPhone employees will need to sign-in with their Google account. Now, security policy differs across every enterprise: Those using Google Docs will probably be fine with this, but others, particularly those standardized around secure proprietary technologies, or those subject to regular hacker probes and/or phishing attacks may want be hesitant to link their systems up to a world-facing service. Settings and security: In a sense, being able to run Google Assistant on an iPhone should bring you all the advantages of Google services alongside the arguably superior security of iOS. However, when you use Google Assistant on your iPhone you will be asked to give the app permission to: Additional Web and app activity, Location history, Device Information, Voice and audio activity Use your microphone Any or all of these may be red flags for many enterprise users. I know that use of location-based services is a no-no in some (though not all) deployments. You control data gathered by Google Assistant here. Conclusion Now Assistant is available on iOS, will Apple bring Siri to Android? I doubt it, but as both firms invest heavily in machine intelligence and AI, it will be interesting to see which of these two services (and Cortana, which is also available on iOS) will still be seen as the best available voice assistant in 12-months. That’s great for consumer users, but enterprise chiefs will likely want to think a little more deeply before adding support to Google’s tool to their security policy. Will you use Google Assistant on your iPhone? Let us know in this poll. Google+? If you use social media and happen to be a Google+ user, why not join AppleHolic's Kool Aid Corner community and join the conversation as we pursue the spirit of the New Model Apple? Got a story? Drop me a line via Twitter or in comments below and let me know. I'd like it if you chose to follow me on Twitter so I can let you know when fresh items are published here first on Computerworld. Related: Apple iOS Mobile & Wireless Internet Apple Siri Jonny is a freelance writer who has been writing (mainly about Apple and technology) since 1999. Follow Computerworld's IT Salary Survey 2017 results You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Editorial Beats Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO GameStar Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive
REGISTER | LOGIN PROFILE | LOGOUT Sign Up / Sign In {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In Welcome Back {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Use another account Registration Please confirm the information below before signing in. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* emailAddress *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* displayName *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* addressCountry *} {* companyName *} {* eetimesJobfunction *} {* jobFunctionOther *} {* eetimesIndustry *} {* industryOther *} {* optInRegistration *} {* optAgree *} {* optShare *} {* siteName *} {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank You for Registering Please wait you will be redirected shortly. Create New Password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create New Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below, and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Sign in Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Sign in Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Sign in Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email below, and we'll send you another email. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close About Us Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Big Data Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: Record Wafer Shipments Continue NEWS & ANALYSIS: Google Revs Faster TPU NEWS & ANALYSIS: Arbitration Could Delay Toshiba NAND Sale NEWS & ANALYSIS: 'Supercomputer-as-a-Service' Model is Born NEWS & ANALYSIS: Samsung Spinoff Likely to Grab Foundry Share SPONSORED: Why Bluetooth Audio Matters for Wireless Applications? Blog Qualcomm Takes on the World, in Court Junko Yoshida, Chief International Correspondent 5/18/2017 09:31 AM EDT  0 comments   post a comment NO RATINGS Login to Rate Tweet When Intel and Samsung joined the fray last Friday by filing amicus briefs in support of the FTC's complaint against, matters went from bad to worse for Qualcomm What apparently started out as a royalty negotiation gone wrong between Qualcomm and Apple is now taking on a life of its own. This is no longer just a two-team legal hassle. When Intel and Samsung joined the fray last Friday by filing amicus briefs in support of the Federal Trade Commission’s complaint, matters went from bad to worse for Qualcomm. The case is starting to look like Qualcomm v. The World.   Amidst a hail of legal actions, Qualcomm Wednesday shot back. It filed a lawsuit against four ODMs who manufacture Apple’s products for not paying royalties. The contract manufacturers listed in the filing by Qualcomm are Foxconn, Pegatron, Wistron and Compal Electronics.   Qualcomm said in a complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California that Apple had advised the contract manufacturers to withhold royalty payments. Apple agreed to indemnify them against any damages resulting from breaching their agreements with Qualcomm.   Under the arrangement, Apple would compensate royalty payments ODMs must make to Qualcomm. But last month Qualcomm claimed that Apple had decided to withhold royalty payments to its contract manufacturers that are owed to the chipmaker, for sales made in the first quarter of 2017, until the dispute is resolved in court. Twists and turns Complaints filed against Qualcomm are many. Beyond Apple’s $1 billion lawsuit against filed Jan. 20, Qualcomm is also battling regulatory agencies.   Last December, a ruling by South Korea’s Fair Trade Commission, for example, fined Qualcomm $854 million for violating competition laws. Qualcomm appealed on Feb. 21, seeking a stay of the fine.  Arguably Qualcomm's biggest worry right now is an FTC’s anti-trust case. On January 17 in federal court, the FTC charged Qualcomm with "using anticompetitive tactics to maintain its monopoly in the supply of a key semiconductor device used in cell phones and other consumer products."   In that filing, the FTC laid out three major allegations, charging that Qualcomm 1) maintains a “no license, no chips” policy under which it will supply its baseband processors only on the condition that cell phone manufacturers agree to Qualcomm’s preferred license terms, 2) refuses to license standard-essential patents to competitors, and 3) extracts exclusivity from Apple in exchange for reduced patent royalties.   Qualcomm filed a motion to dismiss the FTC suit on April 3. Qualcomm lawyers said that the FTC’s legal theories are flawed, and that it failed to prove harm to Qualcomm competitors. Timeline: Qualcomm embroiled in legal, regulatory cases in recent months (Source: EE Times) Click here for larger image FTC's antitrust case The FTC’s case will be heard in federal court in San Jose on June 15. The FTC charges took a sudden new turn last Friday (May 12), when both Intel and Samsung filed amicus briefs against Qualcomm. Next page: Clear imminent danger to Qualcomm Email This Print Comment Page 1 / 2 Next > Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] Be the first to post a comment regarding this story. Most Recent Comments                 5/18/2017 4:55:05 PM Bill_Jaffa I am pretty sure they do it, but a good test-procedure plan and documentation assumes nothing and defines everything, even the very obvious. 5/18/2017 4:55:05 PM Bill_Jaffa I am pretty sure they do it, but a good test-procedure plan and documentation assumes nothing and defines everything, even the very obvious. 5/18/2017 3:41:12 PM EELoser From the table: Power up and down the smart phone...A new test for Samsung.   Wow.  They don't do this?  They just throw it in the box and hope it works? &n... 5/18/2017 12:05:17 PM realjjj "First, Intel's memory group [NSG] has announced $866 million in revenue in Q1 2017, which is 55% more than $577 million in Q1 2016." Pay attention and do the math. Look at how... 5/18/2017 12:02:52 PM SalemtheCat How does a 45 TFLOP ASIC beat a 100 TFLOP GPU.   Answer it does not.   It looks like GOOGLE is going the mis-information route Sad.   https://www.nvidia.c... 5/18/2017 12:01:04 PM elizabethsimon We're using the Intel hex format to program ATmega parts. I wouldn't be suprised if the Arduino uses it under the hood since that's what the Atmel programmer understands. We... 5/18/2017 10:52:46 AM Kuckoo The main purpose of this article was to get more clarity on Intel's memory business. And it presents facts, not just opinion.  First, Intel's memory group [NSG] has announced... 5/18/2017 10:00:56 AM realjjj Threadripper can't cost over 1000$, there is no market for it and they need a sustainable ecosystem around the platform - motherboards, CPU coolers. They can have a SKU or two... 5/18/2017 7:19:08 AM Horus They need a new name ..... something that is UN-samsung. It's going to be hard for the industry to accept that Samsung Foundry is totally not connected to Samsung LSI ... 5/18/2017 5:21:12 AM realjjj Look at Intel's NAND revenue, assume that global NAND bit output grows by some 40% per year, assume that Micron and Intel are a bit above that this cycle and then factor in how... Navigate to Related Links Imagination Sells SoC Design Group AMD Goes Epyc for Data Centers Samsung Spinoff Likely to Grab Foundry Share Imec Tips Novel AI Chips Arrow launches free overnight shipment for all products in stock Cartoon Contest May 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: "Fun house" "Your caption here!" 61 comments All Cartoons April 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: "April showers" Edgar's manager regretted asking him for a presentation on cloud services. 88 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  25   Police Report Untangles Uber Crash Mystery  23   Intel Unveils 10, 22nm Processes  23   Solid State Batteries Aim to Top Li-ion  22   Engineering Ed Stuck in the Past  22   Where Do You Stand on Science March?  18   TSMC Expects First-Half Smartphone Slump  17   In Space, No One Can Hear You Scream for ...  17   Hon Hai Bids $27 Billion for Toshiba Chip Unit  16   DSL Pioneer Describes Terabit Future  15   Four Grand Engineering Challenges  9   Waymo-Lyft Tie Opens Door to 5 Questions  6   Samsung Spinoff Likely to Grab Foundry Share  4   HPE Builds Big Data Server  3   Li-ion Battery Pack Tests: Easier Said ...  3   Intel's Flash Gambit Evolving Into ...  3   Imec Tips Novel AI Chips  2   AMD Goes Epyc for Data Centers  2   Are Self-Charging Batteries a Decade Away?  1   Cray Rolls Clustered Supercomputers for AI  1   Optical Industry Needs Automation Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" ASPENCORE NETWORK EBN | EDN | EE Times | EEWeb | Electronic Products | Electronics-Tutorials | Embedded | Planet Analog | ElectroSchematics | Power Electronics News | TechOnline | Datasheets.com | Embedded Control Europe | Embedded Know How | Embedded News | IOT Design Zone | Motor Control Design | Electronics Know How | GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia | EE Times China | EE Times India | EE Times Japan | EE Times Taiwan | EDN Asia | EDN China | EDN Taiwan | EDN Japan | ESM China | Working With Us: About | Contact Us | Media Kits Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2017 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Will loyalty guarantee good sale of iPhone 8? Release date, features and price Apple's iPhone 8 commands a whopping 92 percent loyalty rate as against 86 percent last year ahead of iPhone 7 release. Raymond Ronamai   May 18, 2017 19:04 IST An Apple iPhone 7 and the company logo are seen in this illustration picture taken in Bordeaux, France, February 1, 2017.REUTERS/Regis Duvignau The hype around Apple's upcoming flagship iPhone 8 has started gaining momentum though the flagship device is still a few months away from seeing the light of day. Nothing much is known about the handset, but reports claimed that iPhone's loyalty rate is high, hinting that the next-generation device could really move the sales needle. The Cupertino giant is expected to follow its tradition of releasing the iPhone in September. There were reports saying the iPhone 8 launch could get pushed back to October or November over introduction of curved OLED panels and 3D sensing system. But it has now emerged that it may arrive in September with the mass production of the A11 chipset likely to happen in July. Also read: How will iPhone 8 and 8 Plus stack up against iPhone 7, 7 Plus in terms of features? Interestingly, investment banking firm Morgan Stanley has claimed in its report that Apple iPhone commands a whopping 92 percent loyalty rate as against 86 percent last year, which hints at a good number of iPhone owners likely to buy the new handset from the same manufacturer in next 12 months, reported MacRumor. Samsung enjoys a loyalty rate of 77 percent, LG 59 percent, Motorola 56 percent, and Nokia 42 percent, the report further added. Big companies like Apple and Samsung are known for their loyal consumer base. However, 92 percent is a bit of an outlier. The iPhone 8 may come in three variants. The iPhone 8 is expected to sport a 4.7-inch display, while the iPhone 8 Plus is likely to feature a 5.5-inch screen, and the premium model a 5.8-inch display. All the models may have an OLED (organic light-emitting diode) screen. It is also expected to come with features like wireless charger, 3D depth-sensing front camera, new fingerprint ID solution and a virtual Home Button. Reports have claimed that the device will come with a price tag of $1,000 but it is not confirmed yet. Related OnePlus 5 price, specifications leak: Here's why it will impress and disappoint fans New iPhone 8 renders leaked in CAD file hint at glass back and wireless charging Samsung Galaxy Note 8 will take on iPhone 7 Plus' camera with dual lens Also read Here's why Samsung Galaxy S8, OnePlus 5, iPhone 8 buyers should watch out for Moto X 2017 The most expensive iPhone to get 3D face recognition from LG Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots Why advertise with us? Latest News DxOMark Mobile to make best camera for OnePlus 5 23 minutes ago By Rohit KVN Galaxy C10 leaks with dual-camera setup in line with rumours 44 minutes ago By Vinod Yalburgi Why advertise with us? most popular Can Nokia 9 beat Xiaomi Mi 6, OnePlus 5 and Samsung Galaxy S8? Nokia 9 is expected to be released in June and bound to compete with flagships like Xiaomi Mi 6, OnePlus 5 and Galaxy S8. ExtraTorrent shuts down permanently, bids goodbye to Bittorrent community ExtraTorrent's primary release group ETRG will not be functional hereafter, as per recent confirmation from the site's owner. Computers in Tirupati temple hit by WannaCry? Amid concerns that ransomware attacks might have been under-reported in India, Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams said that its computers were affected by a different virus, but not WannaCry. Samsung Galaxy Note 8 will take on iPhone 7 Plus' camera with dual lens Samsung Galaxy Note 8 will borrow this feature from iPhone 7 Plus to make consumers happy. Zomato hacked: Email addresses, hashed passwords of 17 million users stolen The security breach has compromised account information of 17 million registered Zomato users while the company says passwords and credit card details are still safe. Dangerous Adylkuzz virus has done more damage than WannaCry ransomware Adylkuzz allows the computer to work, but at the same time generates digital cash or "Monero" cryptocurrency in the background. Here's how to identify refurbished Samsung Galaxy Note 7: Who should buy it? Samsung Galaxy Note 7 refurbished units are expected to cost 50 percent less than the original handset. Ubisoft announces Far Cry 5, The Crew 2, Assassin's Creed Origins and South Park; full details revealed Fresh details of upcoming AAA titles from Ubisoft have been revealed in the company's annual earnings report. Photo Gallery Chantelle Connelly shows off her slim figure Chantelle Connelly shows off her slim figure. Mumbai's slums meet skyscrapers in new 'Beyond The Clouds' poster There's a slum in the foreground and high rises and skyscrapers in the background. The second poster of Iranian filmmaker Majid Majidi's India-set film "Beyond The Clouds" -- launched at the Cannes Film Festival here on Thursday -- showcases the spirit of Mumbai in all its glory. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan ​SAP's Plattner wants to work with Apple to build voice recognition Admitting SAP was late to the party with its adoption of artificial intelligence, SAP co-founder Hasso Plattner wants to see his company look to the expertise of others when it comes to voice recognition. By Asha McLean | May 17, 2017 -- 17:28 GMT (10:28 PDT) | Topic: Enterprise Software Hasso Plattner at SAP Sapphire Now Image: Asha McLean/ZDNet SAP co-founder and chairman of the SAP Supervisory Board professor Hasso Plattner has praised the work Apple has done when it comes to voice recognition, touting Siri as the benchmark his company should strive towards. Speaking with journalists at Sapphire Now in Orlando on Wednesday, Plattner admitted that SAP started a little bit late in diving into artificial intelligence (AI). "We have thrown all of the resources we have into machine learning for the next foreseeable future to get as many projects going in order to have an impact," he said, hoping to make up for lost time. "The Googles have been driving for I don't know how many years in the Bay Area -- and all the other ones. AI was there 25 years ago, but it was not fast enough for our type of applications and was outside the system, but now we can apply AI inside the system." Plattner said it is unnecessary to acquire or build such capabilities inside a business when there are others better resourced and more advanced in the space. "I am not running the company anymore -- I can only make recommendations -- but I made the recommendation we restart voice recognition in connection with these new applications and we find ourselves in a world where we have greater capacity," he explained. "I think it is time now -- not all components that we use have to be acquired -- so for example we could work together with Apple." He said Apple would be his first choice and if Tim Cook's company didn't want to work with SAP, then SAP would move down the list onto the next option for voice recognition partnerships. "I think it will be very much the future -- our fastest way of communication is talking," he added. In delivering his keynote on day one of Sapphire Now, SAP CEO Bill McDermott divulged the total spend his company has outlaid on innovation-related products and services. "Since 2010 we've accelerated our innovation strategy," he said. "In fact, we have invested more than $50 billion in innovation to drive your business forward." Such innovations announced on Wednesday include the general availability of its SAP S/4HANA Cloud 1705, which features the general availability SAP Co-Pilot, a digital assistant launched on Tuesday as part of the company's Leonardo digital innovation system. In plain-language, Plattner said Leonardo is a box around a set of tools to build a machine learning system that produces software. "Artificial intelligence solutions are not perfect ... but this boundary is moving and we're getting better every single week," Plattner added. "We can do unbelievable things with AI ... and the system never gets tired." On the topic of AI and the chatter around the machine replacing jobs, Plattner is convinced people will still serve a place. "There are things machines can do better ... but design is pretty much a human task," he said. "Our human brain will not be made superfluous, we will remain in control." Other updates in the company's updated ERP Software-as-a-Service solution include the availability of statutory financial consolidation, SAP S/4HANA Cloud for Finance for credit integration, and SAP digital payments add-on integration; as well as expanded manufacturing processes management; an SAP Project Companion mobile app; and integrations to third-party systems, including creating sales orders for Salesforce automation. "We're not launching a new product here, because S/4HANA has been in the market before," Sven Denecken, SVP product management and co-innovation at SAP, told ZDNet in February. "But we are seeing that the market is picking that up in a much, much higher speed than ever before and that's why we are doubling down on this cloud innovation -- especially for complete entire ERP suites." An update to the SAP Analytics Cloud -- formerly SAP BusinessObjects Cloud -- will also be available this month and will include a new mobile app on iOS, live connections to SAP BW/4HANA, R scripting, enhanced visual linking, and new smart discovery features. The company's SAP Cloud Platform Predictive service also received an upgrade, as did the SAP IT Operations Analytics 2.0 software; and the company also announced support for hybrid datacentres and that its SAP Predictive Analytics software enables machine learning via SAP S/4HANA both on premise and in the cloud. Following the announcement SAP was offering a multicloud environment, integrating with Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, and Google Cloud, SAP Digital Boardroom now also supports Microsoft Surface Hub. "We have the big three infrastructure providers in the mix ... Yes we neglect the smaller ones which will play no role in our future -- Oracle is one of them," Bernd Leukert, ‎member of the executive board of SAP SE, products & innovation, told journalists in a briefing on Tuesday. Also on Wednesday, SAP Ariba announced a partnership with IBM Watson that will see the pair combining to bring intelligence from procurement data together with predictive insights from unstructured data, in a bid to aid customers with enterprise-wide procurement. read more SAP plots more integrations with Google Cloud Platform SAP's Cloud Platform adds multi-cloud support, business semantics ​SAP sends Leonardo digital innovation system into full swing SAP Q1: Solid profit, accelerated S/4HANA cloud adoption SAP's platform strategy doubles down on cloud, IoT, AI, and user experience SAP and Google Cloud: They actually need each other Disclosure: Asha McLean travelled to Sapphire Now as a guest of SAP. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Enterprise Software Salesforce satisfies Q1 targets, ups outlook Enterprise Software Jaded by Java? Android now supports Kotlin programming language Microsoft Windows 10 preview: Now Android owners can handle calls from their PC Enterprise Software Pivotal touts agile development as way to keep APAC systems secure × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Share Tweet Comparison: Does the 2017 iPad offer enough to beat the high-end Samsung... Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This fb tw am yt rss Hot Topics New iPad 2017 review Best free Mac games iPhone tips iPhone 8 rumours Latest Apple Deals » Home Reviews iPad iPad 2017 vs Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 iPad 2017 vs Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Is Apple’s £339 iPad good enough to compete with the likes of the £599 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3? We find out. by Lewis Painter | 18 May 17 Apple A9 processor 2GB RAM 32GB / 128GB onboard storage iOS 10 IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen 2048 x 1536 pixels 9.7 inches 264 ppi pixel density Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac dual-band Wi-Fi hotspot Bluetooth 4.2 8Mp 1.2Mp cameras 240mm x 169.5mm x 7.5mm 469g (478g for 4G version) Price RRP: £339 (32GB, Wi-Fi only); £429 (128GB, Wi-Fi only); £469 (32GB, Wi-Fi + cellular); £559 (128GB, Wi-Fi + cellular), USUS$329 (32GB, Wi-Fi only); USUS$429 (128GB, Wi-Fi only); USUS$459 (32GB, Wi-Fi + cellular); USUS$559 (128GB, Wi-Fi + cellular) Best prices today Retailer Price Delivery   Price comparision from , and manufacturers iPad 2017 vs Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Is Apple’s £339 iPad good enough to compete with the likes of the £599 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3? While the Galaxy Tab S3 has had a warm welcome in the UK with its Super AMOLED display and 6mm thick body, Apple’s iPad has a couple of tricks up its sleeve. Here, we breakdown the differences between the 2017 iPad and Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 to help you decide which is best. Interested in buying an iPad, but not sure which is right for you? Take a look at our iPad buying guide. UK pricing and availability Apple’s new iPad, the successor to the iPad Air 2, was announced and released in March 2017. Before we go any further, this year’s iPad isn’t related to the ‘Pro’ iPad series that Apple launched back in 2016, and the pricing reflects this. In terms of Wi-Fi only models, interested users can pick up a 32GB iPad for £339, or can splash out £429 for the 128GB variant – both are available from the Apple Store. What about Samsung’s Galaxy Tab S3, you ask? It’s safe to say that it’s the more expensive option, setting potential users back £599 from the likes of Currys PC World following a March 2017 reveal. That’s enough to buy the iPad with 128GB of storage and still have change left over. Is it worth the extra £140? We’ll let you decide once we break down the specs of the two 2017 tablets. Design and build The design of Apple’s iPad has remained largely unchanged for years, offering the same aluminium unibody with curved edges for improved ergonomics and a bright, high-resolution 9.7in display. It measures in at a 240 x 169.5 x 7.5 mm and weighs 469g, making it thicker and heavier than not only the ultra-sleek Galaxy Tab S3 but also its predecessor, the iPad Air 2. Samsung’s Galaxy Tab S3 is inspired by the company’s smartphone design and much like this year’s Samsung Galaxy S8, the Tab S3 features an all-glass back. It’s sleek and stylish if not a bit of a fingerprint magnet, and manages to be smaller, thinner and lighter than Apple’s iPad at 237.3 x 169 x 6 mm and 429g. Both the iPad and Galaxy Tab S3 feature physical Home buttons on the front of the devices, and each feature a fingerprint scanner for security-related purposes. While the iPad only has a single Home button, the Galaxy Tab S3 features two additional touch capacitive buttons, allowing Android users to go back a single step or quickly access the multitasking window. You can also access the multitasking menu on the iPad by double-clicking the Home button. That’s not the only similarity between the two 9.7in tablets either: both the iPad and Galaxy Tab S3 feature four stereo speakers, two at the top and two at the bottom of the display. Both should provide clear, crisp stereo sound, although Samsung has a trick up its sleeve. While Apple’s speakers were developed in-house, Samsung’s Galaxy Tab S3 speakers were tuned by HARMAN. Oh, and on the colour option front, the 2017 iPad is available in Silver, Gold or Space Gray while Samsung’s Galaxy Tab S3 is available in Black or White. Read next: Special edition (Product) RED iPhone 7 Plus in pictures Features and spec It’s when you look beyond the design of the two flagship 2017 tablets that the differences start to appear. Display For starters, the display technology is different: while both the iPad and Galaxy Tab S3 offer the same 1536 x 2048 resolution, equating to around 264ppi, Apple opted for the cheaper IPS LED display while Samsung decided to offer a Super AMOLED display. The use of Super AMOLED technology means that Samsung’s display can offer more vivid colours and deeper blacks than Apple’s iPad, although the iPad display isn’t to be sniffed at. Processors However, in terms of performance, it’s a different story. Apple’s 2017 iPad doesn’t feature the same high-end A9X chipset as the iPad Pro, or the A10 Fusion chipset featured in the iPhone 7. Instead, the iPad features the dual-core A9 chip that was first introduced back in 2015 as part of Apple’s then flagship iPhone 6s, along with 2GB of RAM. The Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 features a quad-core Snapdragon 820 with double the amount of RAM, at 4GB. While the Snapdragon 820 is slightly newer and the Tab S3 features double the amount of RAM at 4GB, benchmark tests suggest that the iPad is the more powerful tablet of the two. In Geekbench 4 benchmark tests, the iPad scored 2359 in single-core mode and 4340 in multi-core mode compared to 1731 and 3961 of Samsung’s Galaxy Tab S3. With that being said, both the iPad and Galaxy Tab S3 should offer more than enough power to run intensive apps and offer the ability to use two apps side-by-side at the same time. Storage Storage is another important area to consider, with Apple and Samsung taking two different approaches. Apple offers the 2017 iPad in two storage options: 32GB and 128GB, allowing users to opt for the cheaper option if they don’t require a lot of storage. However, as the company offers two storage solutions, Apple didn’t feel the need to offer a microSD card slot to expand storage if required (this is nothing new though!). Samsung, on the other hand, offers the Galaxy Tab S3 in only a single storage option: 32GB. While it might seem expensive (especially considering the 128GB iPad is cheaper than the 32GB Tab S3), Samsung’s tablet features a built-in microSD card slot that can expand storage on the device by up to 256GB if required. So, while Apple may win in terms of base storage, the Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 can offer more overall storage – as long you’re happy to pay extra for it. Stylus support Samsung also offers a free S Pen along with all orders of the Galaxy Tab S3, offering pressure-sensitive stylus interaction. That makes it easy to draw and shade using the stylus, along with writing and annotating in a more natural fashion. The one drawback? Unlike with Samsung’s Note series, the S Pen isn’t built into the tablet and it offers nowhere to keep it safe. While it’s an inconvenience, at least Samsung users have the option of using a pressure-sensitive stylus, which is more than can be said for Apple users. Why? Despite offering support for both models of iPad Pro, the Apple Pencil is incompatible with the 2017 iPad. Cameras While the features of the two tablets are similar in most respects, the camera department is one area where that isn’t true. Apple’s 2017 iPad offers a rear-facing 8Mp camera with an aperture of f/2.4 and 1.12µm pixels that produce decent quality photos, and a front-facing 1.2Mp camera that’ll suffice for FaceTime and Skype, but not much else. In terms of video, the iPad can capture [email protected] and [email protected] on the rear-facing camera, but only [email protected] on the front-facing camera. It can’t quite compete with the Galaxy Tab S3, which features a 13Mp rear facing camera with improved aperture (f/1.9) for better low-light photography and an LED flash for when that isn’t enough. It also features a higher quality 5Mp front-facing camera with f/2.2 aperture and is also capable of recording at [email protected] , while the rear-facing camera can offer [email protected]     Connectivity Both tablets offer similar options in terms of connectivity, featuring Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth 4.2 and GPS. The only real difference is in terms of the physical ports as Apple’s iPad uses the company’s Lightning port while Samsung decided to follow suit of other Android manufacturers and offer USB-C on the Galaxy Tab S3. The Tab S3 also offers a magnetic connector similar to that of the iPad Pro for use with Tab S3-compatible keyboards that don’t rely on Bluetooth technology. Apple’s iPad, on the other hand, doesn’t feature the ‘Smart Connector’ and relies on wireless technology for communication with iPad accessories. Read next: Best wireless headphones of 2017 Software You shouldn’t be too surprised to learn that Macworld UK is staffed mainly by iOS users, and we do prefer it to Android, but it doesn’t mean that we can’t appreciate Google’s rival operating system. The 2017 iPad comes running Apple’s latest version of iOS, iOS 10.3, while the Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 features Android 7.0 Nougat. Apple is set to release iOS 11 in September 2017 and will definitely offer support for the 2017 iPad, while the same can’t be said for Android O on the Tab S3, which was recently announced at Google I/O. Android is infamously fragmented, and it’s difficult to say at this early stage whether a tablet released in early 2017 will get an update. If you want to learn more about the differences between iOS and Android, the two mobile operating systems go head to head here: iOS vs Android. OUR VERDICT It’s a tough decision, and one that should be influenced mainly by what you’ll use the tablet for. If, for example, you’ll be using it to watch movies or take photos, you may want to go for the Tab S3 with its Super AMOLED display and 13Mp rear-facing camera. However, for those that want a high-performing tablet that runs iOS with access to Siri and iCloud without spending over £500, the iPad is a great option. Tags: iPad Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Find the best price Best prices today Retailer Price Delivery   Price comparision from , and manufacturers Comments Advertisement What is ransomware and how do I protect my PC from WannaCry? The UK’s best grad shows 2017: Dates & locations WWDC 2017 news: What to expect, how to watch, when it is & how to get tickets Apple News Apple Reviews Apple How To Macworld Magazine Apple Deals Mac Forums Tech Advisor France - Tests complets, conseils Tech Advisor France - Tests Apple Mac iPhone Reviews iPad Reviews Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
report this ad / Cory Doctorow / 6:17 am Thu May 18, 2017 Apple, CTA and Big Car are working in secret to kill New York's Right to Repair legislation From the Boing Boing Shop See all deals Follow Us Twitter / Facebook / RSS Here's the list of companies that are quietly lobbying to kill New York State's Right to Repair legislation (previously), which would force companies to halt anticompetitive practices that prevent small businesses from offering repair services to their communities: "Apple, Verizon, Toyota, Lexmark, Caterpillar, Asurion, Medtronic" and the Consumer Technology Association "which represents thousands of electronics manufacturers." report this ad The companies are especially opposed to rules that ban using DRM to prevent the use of third-party parts and spares -- it's become common practice to embed just enough software handshaking in replacement parts to invoke section 1201 of the DMCA, which makes it a felony to bypass "effective means of access control" for copyrighted works. A manufacturer who designs their device to use (copyrighted) software to validate spare parts -- something John Deere has become notorious for -- can then invoke the DMCA to make it a felony, punishable by a five-year prison sentence and a $500,000 fine, to make compatible components. Every company lobbying against competitors making compatible products has benefited greatly from their own competitive compatibility products: for example, Apple ran a high-profile, extremely successful marketing campaign (the Switch campaign) that advised potential customers on how to use Apple products to access files created with Microsoft products. It's ironic that many of the Apple customers who cheered on the "Switch" campaign are likely gearing up to hand-wave away the hypocrisy of lobbying to make it literally illegal to switch away from Apple-supplied products, invoking the absurd claim that Apple critics are bitter hipsters who merely resent the company's success. Remember: "the tactic of pointing to other companies that have done bad things when your favorite company is caught in its own misdeeds is the 'But her emails!' of technology fanboyism." Apple and its lobbyists would not discuss their concerns with the bill with Motherboard's Jason Koebler. However, Apple has lobbied against similar legislation in other states, several times, and told a Nebraska law-maker that passing Right to Repair legislation would turn the state into a "Mecca for bad actors." The records show that companies and organizations lobbying against right to repair legislation spent $366,634 to retain lobbyists in the state between January and April of this year. Thus far, the Digital Right to Repair Coalition—which is generally made up of independent repair shops with several employees—is the only organization publicly lobbying for the legislation. It has spent $5,042 on the effort, according to the records. A retainer agreement between Apple and lobbying firm the Roffe Group notes that the law firm will "lobby Apple's corporate issues, including but not limited to areas of environment, tax, and retail." According to the contract, Apple pays Roffe Group $9,000 per month for its services. According to the records, fair repair (New York Senate bill 618A) is one of just three bills Apple lobbied on in March and April. The records—which as far as I can tell have not been published on a news site before—also show that Apple lobbied against similar legislation in 2016 and 2015. Apple Is Lobbying Against Your Right to Repair iPhones, New York State Records Confirm [Jason Koebler/Motherboard] (Image: Silveryhat, CC-BY-SA) SHARE / TWEET / 26 COMMENTS 1201 / apollo / appl / apple / dmca / right to repair / switch / transparency / war on general purpose computing report this ad GET THE BOING BOING NEWSLETTER When Theresa May called snap elections, she killed tax-haven reform One of the consistently underreported elements of Brexit and all that’s come after it is that leaving the EU will also let the UK — the world’s most prolific launderer of filthy criminal money — escape the tightening noose of European anti-money-laundering measures. READ THE REST In 1965, CIA agents were fired for staging a "free for all" food-fight in the cafeteria The wording of the memo, dated 15 Sept 1965, suggests that this wasn’t the first time it had happened and not even the first time the CIA had to fire agents for food-fighting. READ THE REST Leaked Inspector General's report reveals millions lost to incompetence and waste at the US Copyright Office A leaked report from the Inspector General reveals that the US Copyright Office blew $11.6m trying to buy a computer system that should have cost $1.1m (they ended up canceling the project after spending the money and no computers were purchased in the end), then lied to Congress and the Library of Congress to cover […] READ THE REST Save some water, the Guzzle Buddy attaches right to your bottle of wine It’s not weird to drink milk or orange juice straight from the carton. (Right?) But for some reason, sipping wine right from the bottle is usually met with disapproving glowers. Whether they’re worried about germs, or wanton displays of low-class behavior, you can make those who aren’t attuned to your relative brand of etiquette a […] READ THE REST Learn how to manage large-scale system infrastructure If you are an aspiring developer who wants to learn how services are deployed and maintained in production environments, this collection of online courses will help you get a grip on the fundamentals of systems administration. Over the 95 hours of included content, you’ll learn how to manage Windows and Linux servers, explore powerful new software deployment […] READ THE REST Trim back the wire clutter on your desk with a charge and sync dock Keep your desktop clean and free of excess cables with a Charge & Sync dock, available now in the Boing Boing Store. This unassuming design features an s-shaped profile for maximum stability, non-slip feet, and a sturdy mounting point for your phone. With this dock, you can keep an eye on notifications while preventing damage […] READ THE REST report this ad Read the rules you agree to by using this website in our Terms of Service. Boing Boing uses cookies and analytics trackers, and is supported by advertising, merchandise sales and affiliate links. Read about what we do with the data we gather in our Privacy Policy. Who will be eaten first? Our forum rules are detailed in the Community Guidelines. Boing Boing is published under a Creative Commons license except where otherwise noted. Mark Frauenfelder Cory Doctorow David Pescovitz Xeni Jardin Rob Beschizza Jason Weisberger Publisher Ken Snider Sysadmin About Us Contact Us Advertise Forums Shop Shop Support
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials BLink Portfolio National Science Sports World Variety Education Real Estate Cities4Climate Karnataka welcomes iPhone SE manufacturing in Bengaluru Anil Urs comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Bengaluru, May 18:   California-based based Apple begins to manufacture its iPhone SE models in Bengaluru. Commenting on the development, Karnataka infrastructure development Minister R V Deshpande said “I am delighted to know that one of the most valuable technology companies in the world Apple has decided to manufacture its iPhone SE models in Bengaluru. I congratulate the Apple team for their decision and making the project a reality.” The iPhone SE model is very popular and in high demand globally. Deshpande said “It is a matter of great pride that in future these phones will be available globally with a ‘Made in India’ seal. State government has assured full support for Apple's manufacturing facility in Bangalore.” There was stiff competition among states to get this project. The fact that Apple chose Karnataka has yet again affirmed Karnataka's investment attractiveness and business friendly environment. “We expect that this investment from Apple will boost job creation and enrich innovation and technology ecosystem in the State,” said Deshpande. (This article was published on May 18, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS India | Karnataka | company information | new project | computing and information technology | telecommunication equipment | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Actress Reema Lagoo passes away in Mumbai I-T Department publishes names of Delhi defaulters owing over Rs 10 cr in taxes ICJ stays Kulbhushan Jadhav's execution till final verdict Cornered by Centre, AAP offers olive branch to foes Metro opens 4th wholesale store in Hyderabad AP to float tenders for two pilot battery-backed solar power projects Karnataka welcomes iPhone SE manufacturing in Bengaluru Two ultra-light Howitzer guns land in India, a first in three decades Anil Dave’s last wish: Plant trees, conserve rivers Govt modifying ‘2011 vintage’ national manufacturing policy Top Gainers / Top Losers LATEST NEWS State Bank of India Q4 net profit more than doubles 1 min. ago Sensex down 43 points on heavy selling in consumer durables, auto stocks 8 min. ago FMCG stocks rally as govt finalises GST rates 18 min. ago Dealmakers aplenty, SoftBank's Son looks for wonks 21 min. ago Crude oil futures climb to Rs 3,227 per barrel 26 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in National PM to inaugurate Annual Meetings of African Development Bank Prime Minister Narendra Modi will inaugurate the Annual Meetings of the African Development Bank (AfDB) on May 23.This is the... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | BLink | Portfolio | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Latest News Dow 20,663 +56.09 +0.27% Nasdaq 6,055 +43.89 +0.73% S&P 500 2,366 +8.69 +0.37% 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% higher at 12,604.34 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.2% higher at 5,298.37 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.3% higher at 7,459.30 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 389.42 2:57 A.M. ET Malaysia GDP growth beats view with 5.6% rise 2:56 A.M. ET German producer prices rise 3.4% on year 2:56 A.M. ET Johnston Press digital ad revenue grows 2:55 A.M. ET Hikma cuts revenue guidance for 2017 2:54 A.M. ET Legal & General Solvency II position surplus rises 2:46 A.M. ET Updated The overlooked upside for oil in Iran’s election 2:39 A.M. ET Updated Veteran investors on trading in the time of Trump — how to cut through the uncertainty 2:21 A.M. ET Bank of Mexico hikes rates for 6th time in a row 2:21 A.M. ET Singapore Airlines to phase out 4 Airbus A380s 2:20 A.M. ET Greek parliament approves new austerity measures 2:19 A.M. ET Moss Bros sales rise; confident on meeting views 1:14 A.M. ET Updated Optimism ahead of OPEC meeting drives further gains for oil 12:30 A.M. ET Can this blob help people fight debt collectors? 12:22 A.M. ET American women are having babies later — and are still conflicted about it 5/18 Mike Flynn’s ties with Turkish businessman under FBI scrutiny 5/18 Vistra Energy reportedly making takeover bid for Dynegy Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release SPYR Looking to Carve Out Niche in Fast-Growing eSports Space By Published: May 18, 2017 9:03 a.m. ET Share May 18, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- BONITA, CA--(Marketwired - May 18, 2017) - The headline "Global MMO Games Market to grow with a CAGR of 10.2% by 2025" was blazoned across a digital report about the current online gaming industry. As readers of financial news know, a 10.2% compound annual growth rate is indeed impressive, but the acronym MMO is what tells the real story: Massively Multiplayer Online games or MMOs are growing at a rate that far surpasses the industry's projected 10.2% CAGR. And SPYR, Inc. (otcqb:SPYR) is paving its way with its flagship MMO game Pocket Starships. To understand the future of gaming it is important to appreciate its history. Not long after Pong made its debut on TV screens across America, students in Stanford University's Artificial Intelligence Lab began playing a game called SpaceWar, and competed in the Intergalactic SpaceWar Olympics for a chance to win a year's subscription to Rolling Stone Magazine. The year was 1972. The 1980s saw Atari's Space Invaders Championships and the creation of The US National Video Game Team, but it was in 1997 when the concept of eSports, or electronic sports, became viable, drawing participation from over 2,000 players to the Red Annihilation tournament for the first person shooter game Quake. Shortly after that, the Cyberathlete Professional League was founded, and in 1999 the league began offering prize money. Mobile gaming (think GameBoy and Tetris) took the industry -- quite literally -- to new places, and allowed players to interact on pocket-size devices. The introduction of each new game and each new gaming platform expanded the gaming universe exponentially, and paved the way for MMO interactive games like SPYR's Pocket Starships. Since that time multiplayer games like League of Legends, Counter Strike, Halo, and even Minecraft, have dominated not only gaming devices, but also the attention of investors in the gaming and eSports markets. In 2016, the total prize money awarded across all eSports games was $93.3 million. In early 2017, universities in the US began adding eSports to both the academic as well as the athletic curriculum, with one women's college in Missouri offering scholarships to eSports student athletes. The Olympic Council of Asia recently announced that it will include eSports in the 2018 Asian Games and make it a medal sport in 2022. What this means for gamers and investors is a brighter spotlight on both game development as well as technology enhancements. As the gaming industry has grown, so too has the technology. Gamers are no longer limited to TV screens, consoles or static boxes, but can now play on a variety of mobile devices as well. But frequently, gaming interactions are limited to playing against those on similar devices. What SPYR has with its game Pocket Starships is a unique and true cross-platform game that can be played in real time on a variety of devices. So whether you are playing on your Apple or Android phone, laptop, desktop, iPad or Kindle, all gamers can play together and against one another in the same game universe. This platform will allow SPYR to effectively position and market their games to a wider gaming audience, and reach both recreational as well as competitive players. Furthermore, it cultivates interest (and potential customers) from across a wide demographic band. Women have historically been less active in MMO games, generally preferring single player app games. But with access to MMOs like Pocket Starships through social media portals such as Facebook and VK.com, the European network, more and more women and baby boomers are entering the MMO arena. Where the investment return lies is in the game itself. Mobile games with a high level of interactivity and constant updates are the games that keep gamers enthralled and playing. Within one month of releasing a game update, SPYR reported a 23% increase in the average revenue from each paying user, and a 7.8% increase in the average spend on each in-app purchase. In 2016, Apple Inc. reported that over 76% of app revenues were generated by games. Game developers and producers have a vast frontier ahead of them. With data indicating that more people watched the League of Legends World Championship Finals than watched LeBron James' compelling performance in the 2016 NBA Championships, and estimates showing an increase in market revenues from just over $100 billion to almost $130 billion by 2020, massive is indeed the operative word in MMO games. About SmallCap Network The SmallCap Network is one of the web's leading small cap stock trading communities. While large caps tend to receive the majority of media attention, small and micro cap stocks as well as penny stocks can often offer the most potential for investment gains. The SmallCap Network website and free newsletter offer in-depth fundamental research and technical trading recommendations on select small cap stocks, micro cap stocks, bulletin board stocks, and actively traded penny stocks, serving as an investor resource to better tap the full potential offered by such companies. SEC Rule 17b Disclosure The SmallCap Network is committed to providing our readers with useful information on publicly traded companies. The SmallCap Network sometimes contracts with third parties or publicly traded companies and receives compensation from them in the form of cash and sometimes restricted securities as payment for publishing information and opinions about the company and the trading market for their securities. Principals of the SmallCap Network may also purchase or sell securities of the companies in the open market from time to time. The positions that the SmallCap Network or its principals maintain in securities of the companies are disclosed within and should be considered when making an investment decision regarding companies mentioned on SmallCap Network. SmallCap Network may be deemed to have a conflict of interest between its open market activity and positions in these securities and the timing of and opinions expressed in its publications concerning these companies. The publications should not be considered to be independent publications concerning the company. SmallCap Network has been paid $10,000 and 200,000 restricted shares by Spyr, Inc. for market awareness and other advertising services on SPYR. Many statements and opinions expressed herein are those of the editors and staff of SmallCap Network and are subject to change without notice. The site and its newsletter maintain editorial control over its publications and the companies profiled therein do not have any editorial rights concerning the information published about them. No information contained in our website, e-mail communications or our publications should be considered as a solicitation to purchase or sell any of the securities mentioned. SmallCap Network, its principals or employees are not registered investment advisors or a registered securities broker dealer. We do not undertake or represent to make investment recommendations or to give advice pertaining to the purchase or sale of the securities mentioned in our web site, e-mail communications or publications. While we believe all sources of information provided by us and contained in our publication to be accurate and reliable, we cannot and do not guarantee the accuracy of information we received from third parties. Furthermore, SmallCap Network has not independently verified such information provided within our publication. SmallCap Network also employs contributors to help us manage and moderate our growing community. Their primary purpose is to keep our forum running smoothly and informatively for the benefit of its Members. They perform a variety of tasks, including acting as virtual liaisons and publishing information and opinions on select public companies or on behalf of certain third parties who have hired SmallCap Network for various market awareness services. These contributors also contribute to the various discussions throughout our community. They are free to contribute, or not contribute, as they see fit. Some SmallCap Network Contributors may have investments in the stocks they discuss. All SmallCap Network employees and contractors -- are required to publicly disclose their current individual stock holdings at the end of an article they've written and in the appropriate area when referencing or discussing a stock they own. It is also important to note, the SmallCap Network is not registered as a securities broker-dealer or an investment adviser either with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or with any state securities regulatory authority. All statements and opinions expressed herein are those of the editors and contributors of SmallCap Network and are subject to change without notice. The SmallCap Network maintains editorial control over its publications and the companies profiled therein do not have any editorial rights concerning the information published about them. A profile, description, or other mention of a company at SmallCap Network is neither an offer nor solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any securities mentioned. While we believe all sources of information provided by us and contained in our publication to be accurate and reliable, we cannot and do not guarantee the accuracy of information we received from third parties. Furthermore, SmallCap Network has not independently verified such information provided within our publication. READERS ARE ENCOURAGED TO DO THEIR OWN DUE DILIGENCE BEFORE INVESTING IN ANY SECURITIES MENTIONED AT SMALLCAPNETWORK OR WITHIN ANY OF ITS PUBLICATIONS. INVESTING IN SECURITIES IS SPECULATIVE AND CARRIES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. We encourage our readers to invest carefully and read the investor information available at the web sites of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") at http://www.sec.gov and/or the National Association of Securities Dealers ("NASD") at http://www.finra.org. We also recommend that you read the SEC advisory to investors concerning Internet Stock Fraud, which can be found at: https://www.sec.gov/reportspubs/investor-publications/investorpubscyberfraudhtm.html. Readers can review all public filings by companies at the SEC's EDGAR page. The SEC has published information on how to https://www.sec.gov/investor/pubs/tenthingstoconsider.htm at its web site. The information found at SmallCap Network is protected by the copyright laws of the United States and may not be copied, or reproduced in any way without the expressed, written consent of The SmallCap Network. For more information: www.smallcapnetwork.com Contact: SmallCap Network customerservice@smallcapnetwork.com © 2017 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. From MarketWatch More Coverage Treasury yields bounce off 4-week low on upbeat economic data ‘SNL can claim first scalp’: Sean Spicer seen losing his spot in front of the camera Ask Arora: How investors can avoid losing their shirt in the age of Trump Most Popular Here’s one thing parents should know before buying a fidget spinner Man who called Dow 20,000 says stock market could see 1,000-point surge if Trump resigns ‘SNL can claim first scalp’: Sean Spicer seen losing his spot in front of the camera ‘Roseanne’ is coming back to TV — how American families have changed since 1988 You Ain't Got Nothing on Me, Amazon MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Practically Any Vehicle Can Be a Smartphone Accessory with Pioneer's New 2017 NEX In-Dash Multimedia Receivers Packed with Smartphone and Entertainment Features Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Pioneer AVH-3300NEX Multimedia Car Receiver (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 18, 2017 09:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time LONG BEACH, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Pioneer Electronics (USA) Inc. today expands its popular NEX platform with five new NEX in-dash multimedia receivers for 2017. The double-DIN 7” LCD AVH-2330NEX and AVH-2300NEX and double-DIN 6.2”LCD AVH-1330NEX and AVH-1300NEX models are designed to complement the smartphone lifestyle of today’s consumer with continuous connectivity and access to a variety of entertainment options. The AVH-3300NEX expands the NEX line-up into the smaller, more universal single-DIN in-dash receiver size, providing for the first time, a smartphone connectivity solution that easily fits into many older and collectible cars coveted by automotive enthusiasts. The units feature a redesigned, simple-to-use interface and compatibility with popular automotive specific smartphone interfaces and apps such as Apple CarPlay®, Android Auto™1 and Waze®, plus entertainment options such as Bluetooth® music streaming and hands-free calling, Spotify® and Pandora®. For 2017, the new NEX models have been engineered with an optimized PCB layout for audio signal integrity and a number of audiophile-grade components to deliver a premium audio listening experience. “With Pioneer’s new line of 2017 NEX receivers, we’re making in-vehicle connectivity and great entertainment even more accessible by continuing to offer popular smartphone and music services, but at a more consumer-friendly price point,” said Ted Cardenas, vice president of marketing at Pioneer Electronics (USA) Inc. “Plus, the introduction of the AVH-3300NEX single-DIN option significantly increases the number of compatible vehicles, specifically meeting the demand for the latest smartphone connectivity in a form factor that can be installed into many of the unique, exotic, or simply older vehicles that car lovers drive.” EASY SMARTPHONE CONNECTIVITY AND CONVENIENCE Bluetooth Wireless Connectivity – All models feature built-in Bluetooth2 wireless connectivity for convenient hands-free calling and music streaming with compatible Bluetooth enabled devices. Users are able to pre-register up to five smartphones with the receivers, enabling hands-free calling and/or music to be streamed from any of the five previously paired phones, eliminating the need to pair and unpair devices. Additionally, the response time between switching pre-registered devices is faster, as is access to music and contacts stored on the connected device. To maximize the connectivity options and call quality for hands-free communication and wireless audio streaming, each NEX receiver features Bluetooth AVRCP 1.6 to provide browsing capability of a user’s media library, and HFP 1.6 with wideband speech for clearer overall sound quality, making it easier to recognize and understand voices during calls. Android Auto (AVH-3300NEX, AVH-2330NEX, AVH-2300NEX) Three of the five models feature Android Auto integration, allowing consumers to quickly connect their compatible smartphones to extend the Android platform into the car in a way that is purpose-built for driving. Designed with safety in mind, Android Auto utilizes a simple and intuitive interface to provide navigation, communication, music and more, combined with powerful new voice actions for minimized distraction, so users stay focused on the road. Smartphones running Android 5.0 (Lollipop) or newer operating systems offer Android Auto and will work with the three Pioneer models. Apple CarPlay (all models) Pioneer’s CarPlay-compatible NEX in-dash receivers offer consumers the ability to upgrade the vehicles they already own with the latest iPhone® technology specifically designed for the car. Consumers with the latest version of iOS on their iPhone 5 or newer, including iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone 6s, can use Siri® voice control to make and receive calls, compose and respond to text messages, access Apple Maps for navigation, and listen to their music, podcasts, or iTunes® Radio. EXPANDED ENTERTAINMENT OPTIONS (All Models) Spotify – Control content from the Spotify app for iPhone and Android devices as a dedicated source on the receivers. Listeners can now play, pause and skip tracks using the Pioneer controls, and with a few taps, it is just as easy to browse playlists, albums and radio stations on the go. Premium3 users enjoy ad-free, high quality music and can download music and listen offline with no internet connection. Pandora Station Creation and Station Presets – The Pandora station creation4 feature enables users to create new Pandora stations while the app is in use with an iPhone device or compatible Android smartphone. Users can simply press and hold a button on the new receivers to create a new Pandora station dynamically from the currently playing song or artist. Pandora enables listeners to store their personalized stations on six presets for easy access on the receiver. USB Connectivity – When connected to an iPhone, iPod, portable USB drive or compatible Android device via the USB port, users can use basic controls (Play/Pause/FF/Rev/Random/Repeat) and display track, artist and album information. Android devices must run OS 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich) or newer with Android Media Transfer Protocol. SiriusXM Radio Connectivity – The 2017 NEX models are SiriusXM® compatible with the addition of a SXV300 SiriusXM Vehicle Connect Tuner (sold separately, SiriusXM subscription required). The receivers are also compatible with the Tune Start™, Tune Scan™, Tune Mix and Sports Flash features of SiriusXM. HD Radio® Technology – For high quality audio broadcasts, the AVH-2330NEX and AVH-1330NEX feature a built-in HD Radio tuner, providing clear digital reception of HD Radio and additional multi-casting programming on HD1, HD2 and HD3 broadcasts from participating radio stations across the country. ENHANCED LOOK AND FUNCTIONALITY (all models) Sleek Visual User Interface – Each display in the NEX receiver lineup is built with a clear resistive touchscreen and 24-bit true color LCD panel, making it more responsive than traditional resistive touchscreens, with increased color depth for brighter colors and more vibrant images. The five models also feature a redesigned UI with large source and system settings icons for easy accessibility and operation. Simple Smartphone Connection – When a driver plugs in his or her smartphone to the receiver, the unit is able to detect whether the connected phone is an iPhone or Android device, and automatically brings up the corresponding service on the screen, CarPlay or Android Auto respectively.5 Waze Accessibility – Waze is the world's largest community-based traffic and navigation application. The new NEX units bring the highly popular Waze functionality into the dash of the vehicle on a larger touchscreen display, making it easier to view maps and directions.6 To use the Waze app on one of the five new NEX models, the driver connects a smartphone to the receiver via the smartphone’s corresponding interface cable (sold separately) and opens the application using Pioneer’s AppRadio Mode+, a feature that gives users access and control of popular in-vehicle apps directly from the receiver’s screen.7 SUPERIOR AUDIO PERFORMANCE (all models) Optimized PCB layout for superior audio signal integrity and audiophile-grade capacitors and other components tuned to produce truly premium audio 13 band Graphic Equalizer with touch panel swipe setting and built-in high/low pass crossover with expanded adjustable crossover points and slopes Built-in Auto EQ and Auto Time Alignment provide customized audio adjustments for the driver8 Advanced Sound Retriever® Ability for users to play back full HD videos stored on a USB and NTFS files stored on a compatible external HDD9 Receivers offer playback of files encoded as high-res FLAC up to 192kHz/24 bit and provide playback output at CD-quality (44kHz/16bit) ADDITIONAL FEATURES The AVH-3300NEX single-DIN model features a motorized 7-inch touchscreen display and detachable face for security All models are backup camera ready – compatible with many original equipment (OE) and most universal rear-view cameras, including Pioneer’s ND-BC8 rear-view camera (sold separately) Width and distance parking reference lines are displayed on the NEX touchscreen to further assist the driver The AVH-3300NEX, AVH-2330NEX and AVH-1330NEX also come with: A remote control to conveniently adjust volume, audio source and more Dual camera inputs to help consumers enhance the rear visibility of their existing vehicles, beyond what can be seen in the rearview mirror iDatalink® Maestro™ support available on the AVH-2330NEX, AVH-2300NEX, AVH-1330NEX and AVH-1300NEX Compatibility with Pioneer’s AVIC-U280 outboard navigation system (sold separately) USB Quick Charge (all models) – charges 1.5 amp Android devices High power MOSFET 50W x 4 For more information on the new line, visit http://www.pioneerelectronics.com/PUSA/Car/NEX. Pioneer’s NEX receivers will be available in July with suggested retail prices of: $600 (AVH-3300NEX), $500 (AVH-2330NEX and AVH-2300NEX), and $400 (AVH-1330NEX and AVH-1300NEX). For more information follow us on: Twitter at twitter.com/PioneerUSA Facebook at facebook.com/PioneerNorthAmerica YouTube at youtube.com/pioneerelectronics Instagram at instagram.com/pioneercaraudio Pioneer Electronics (USA) Inc., headquartered in Long Beach, Calif., is a preeminent manufacturer of leading-edge technology solutions for the mobile electronics aftermarket. Its affiliate Pioneer Automotive Technologies, Inc. (PAT) is a key supplier for Tier 1 automotive entertainment systems and components to vehicle manufactures. Pioneer is focused on creating the ultimate in-car entertainment experience with high performance audio and video components, as well as connectivity with today’s smart devices. Building off of more than 75 years of electronics experience, Pioneer has expanded into the cycle sports industry, designing world-class power meters and cycle computers for professional athletes and cycling enthusiasts. Read all safety instructions in the product documentation before use. Distracted driving can result in serious injury, or death. Only use a function when it is safe and legal in your location, pay attention to the road and your surroundings, and obey all traffic rules. 1Android Auto compatible with AVH-3300NEX, AVH-2330NEX and AVH-2300NEX only. 2Bluetooth functionality requires a compatible Bluetooth-enabled mobile phone. Certain Bluetooth features may not be supported by all compatible Bluetooth-enabled devices, and/or the functionality of such features may be limited in certain devices or by certain wireless carriers. 3Spotify Premium requires a monthly paid subscription. 4Feature requires compatible receiver and metadata must be available on desired track or artist from which user wants to create station. 5CarPlay is accessible via the user’s iPhone cable or Pioneer’s optional CD-IU52 cable, and Android Auto is accessible via the user’s compatible Android device cable or Pioneer’s optional CD-MU200 cable. USB Type-C devices may require additional Google certified adapters or cables. 6An active data connection is required to use the Waze application. Functionality is limited when driving to reduce driver distraction. The parking brake must be engaged to access the keyboard and enter location destinations. 7When using AppRadio Mode+, Pioneer’s AppRadio App is required. Not all Android devices work with AppRadio Mode+, check the website for smartphone compatibility http://www.pioneerelectronics.com/PUSA/Car/NEX 8To use Auto EQ or Auto Time Alignment, Pioneer’s CD-MC20 microphone is required. The CD-MC20 is sold separately from the receiver. 9For the full list of compatible format types, visit the product page- http://www.pioneerelectronics.com/PUSA/Car/NEX. Video playback is enabled only when the vehicle is in park and the parking brake engaged. The receiver will down-res the video to the resolution format of the receiver (800x480 for AVH-1300NEX/AVH-1330NEX and 840x480 for AVH-2300NEX/AVH-23300NEX/AVH-3300NEX). Pioneer and Advanced Sound Retriever are registered trademarks of Pioneer Corporation. Apple, CarPlay, iPhone, Siri, and iTunes are registered trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Android Auto and Waze are trademarks of Google Inc. Bluetooth is a registered trademark of Bluetooth SIG. Spotify is a registered trademark of Spotify AB. Pandora is a registered trademark of Pandora Media, Inc. HD Radio and Artist Experience are proprietary trademarks of iBiquity Digital Corporation. Sirius, XM, SiriusXM and all related marks and logos are trademarks of Sirius XM Radio Inc. and its subsidiaries. iDatalink and Maestro are trademarks or registered trademarks of Automotive Data Solutions Inc. Contacts Pioneer Electronics (USA) Inc. Katherine Harbeston, 310-952-2388 katherine.harbeston@pioneer-usa.com or Liz Villafan, 310-496-4454 Liz@allisonpr.com Release Summary Pioneer today expands its popular NEX platform with five new NEX in-dash multimedia receivers for 2017. The AVH-3300NEX is the first single-DIN unit with Apple CarPlay and Android Auto. #Hashtags #pioneer #pioneerNEX #upgradeyourcar Contacts Pioneer Electronics (USA) Inc. Katherine Harbeston, 310-952-2388 katherine.harbeston@pioneer-usa.com or Liz Villafan, 310-496-4454 Liz@allisonpr.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Google Assistant is now Available for iOS and Google Home will be Offering Free Phone Calls within the U.S. and Canada | Main | Samsung Tablets Overtake the iPad in Western Europe in Q1, While the iPad Captures 50% of Tablets over $750 » May 18, 2017 Apple reveals all-new Apple Watch Design with a Display covering the Face and Band & Also Points to a TV   Today the US Patent & Trademark Office published a patent application from Apple that delivers quite the punch. The inventions in the filing cover a new Apple Watch Design and a possible HDTV. Back in 2012 Patently Apple reported on the Corning's new highly flexible and strong 'Willow Glass as noted in our cover graphic' Apple notes in today's patent filing that "one exemplary flexible glass substrate is manufactured under the trade name WILLOW glass by Corning Incorporated located in Corning, N.Y." Kind of timely considering we just posted a report titled "Apple Awards Corning First Investment from their Advanced Manufacturing Fund as Promised." The mention of an HDTV is kind of timely as well considering that Foxconn is likely to announce a large panel display plant in the U.S. later this year, an idea that was first presented to President-Elect Trump back in early January.   Possible New Apple Watch Design   Apple notes that their patent covers exemplary system applications including wearable, rollable, and foldable displays. Starting with Apple's patent FIG 11 noted below we're able to see an all-new watch design that includes a single continuous flexible display covering both the face and the band. It's an idea that Apple has been working on since 2015.   Apple further notes that in one embodiment, the wearable electronic device is a smartwatch including a watch face, band and clasp. A flexible display panel #215, #315 (noted above) may be integrated into the smartwatch so that it spans both the watch face and band. In accordance with embodiments of the invention, a bezel width surrounding the display panels can be minimized, for example below 4-5 mm or even less than 1 mm, less than 0.5 mm, or eliminated.   A module within the watch includes a processor and memory for managing the wearable electronic device and executing or interpreting instructions and commands for the wearable electronic devices.   The module may also include a communication module. In one embodiment the communication module can further include wireless transceivers for Bluetooth, or WLAN connectivity, and can additionally include one or more WWAN transceivers to communicate with a wide area network including a cellular data network.   In an embodiment, the operations further include receiving a configuration of the flexible display panel of the watch face and band, receiving a design from the derived data, (e.g. type of watch design including a watch face and watch band), and updating the flexible display panel spanning the watch face and watch band of the smartwatch with the received design.   Apple's patent FIG. 5A is a schematic front view illustration of a display substrate including an array of LEDs #214 and microchips #216 in a display.     Apple HDTV   According to Apple, patent FIG. 17 noted below "illustrates a system diagram #1700 for an embodiment of a display system (e.g. a television) including a flexible display panel #1710."   Whatever kind of "television" Apple is contemplating, it may not be conventional. For one thing, it'll contain a flexible battery. Apple specifically notes that "The system also includes a power module 1780 (e.g., flexible batteries, wired or wireless charging circuits, etc.), a peripheral interface 1708, and one or more external ports 1790 (e.g., Universal Serial Bus (USB), HDMI, Display Port, and/or others).   Secondly, Apple notes that "In one embodiment, the display system includes a communication module #1712 configured to interface with the one or more external ports. For example, the communication module can include one or more transceivers functioning in accordance with IEEE standards, 3GPP standards, or other communication standards, and configured to receive and transmit data via the one or more external ports.   Apple illustrates a television early on in the patent, but its reference is in context to what Apple wants to improve and not necessarily the design of their possible future TV. But it's clear that the invention covers a TV as they noted in the patent.   For the record, the vast majority of the patent filing covers a smartwatch, with the TV only covering about 5% of the patent. So it's definitely not the priority of this invention.   And one more thing, Patently Apple posted a report last month titled "Korea's Deep Paranoia is Setting in as Apple Considers a Supply Shift to China and Apple Watch 3 Shifts to Micro-LED." Today's patent filing covers Micro-LED as follows: "In one aspect, embodiments of the invention describe display panels and display module packaging configurations in which micro LED devices and/or microchips are transferred and bonded to a wiring using an electrostatic transfer head assembly."   Apple's invention is noted as being filed in January 2017.   It should be noted that this is not a design patent, so a possible new Apple Watch design doesn't have to look like the one illustrated in the patent filing. Utility patents only provide us with an overview concept and not the actual design. Apple has many design ideas for the Apple Watch as noted in our archives here.   The concept displayed in today's published patent is just one of many, though extending a display through to the band is one of Apple's themes. Additionally, Apple acquired LuxVue regarding their Micro-LED technologies and ideas of how to implement this future display market.   Earlier this month Patently Apple posted a report titled "Back in Samsung Seeks to Join the Micro-LED Display Race along with Apple, Sony and Oculus" In that report we noted that the Korea Herald had reported that "Samsung is seeking to acquire Taiwan's PlayNitide, a micro-LED maker for an estimated $150 million. The report notes that "Apple is reportedly considering using the display for its new devices, including Apple Watch, and ultimately for the iPhone." By their report, it's clear that the industry believes Apple is going to surprise them one day with a Micro-LED based Apple Watch or other products like a head mounted display.   If Apple is to consider using Micro-LED displays for a future watch, then it would have to rely on LuxVue's expertise and technology as noted in today's published patent report. Apple knew this was a future trend and they acquired LuxVue in 2014.   One of the key engineers from LuxVue is currently Apple's Director, Engineering and Product Development. Obviously Micro-LED's will play a future role in Apple's product line and with LuxVue's top engineer working on future products, we can safely assume that Apple Watch could be where it could first surface.   Patently Apple presents a detailed summary of patent applications with associated graphics for journalistic news purposes as each such patent application is revealed by the U.S. Patent & Trade Office. Readers are cautioned that the full text of any patent application should be read in its entirety for full and accurate details. About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on May 18, 2017 at 07:13 AM in 1. Patent Applications, Apple Watch, AppleTV | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Samsung Tablets Overtake the iPad in Western Europe in Q1, While the iPad Captures 50% of Tablets over $750 Apple reveals all-new Apple Watch Design with a Display covering the Face and Band & Also Points to a TV Google Assistant is now Available for iOS and Google Home will be Offering Free Phone Calls within the U.S. and Canada Two Great Interviews Surface today with Apple's Angela Ahrendts and Jimmy Iovine Two-Faced Samsung Magically Claims Global Sales of their S8 Hit 10 Million Today while Claiming 5 Million Yesterday New Court Filing Details Qualcomm Suing Apple's iPhone Suppliers for withholding Royalty Payments Apple Engineers Invented a Different Kind of Pizza Container AMD Set to Thrill Pros and Gamers alike with a new High-End CPU called 'Threadripper' with 16 Cores and 32 Threads TheStreet Launches a Free New Financial App that's Available at the App Store Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: SPYR, Inc. May 18, 2017 09:00 ET SPYR Looking to Carve Out Niche in Fast-Growing eSports Space BONITA, CA--(Marketwired - May 18, 2017) - The headline "Global MMO Games Market to grow with a CAGR of 10.2% by 2025" was blazoned across a digital report about the current online gaming industry. As readers of financial news know, a 10.2% compound annual growth rate is indeed impressive, but the acronym MMO is what tells the real story: Massively Multiplayer Online games or MMOs are growing at a rate that far surpasses the industry's projected 10.2% CAGR. And SPYR, Inc. (OTCQB: SPYR) is paving its way with its flagship MMO game Pocket Starships. To understand the future of gaming it is important to appreciate its history. Not long after Pong made its debut on TV screens across America, students in Stanford University's Artificial Intelligence Lab began playing a game called SpaceWar, and competed in the Intergalactic SpaceWar Olympics for a chance to win a year's subscription to Rolling Stone Magazine. The year was 1972. The 1980s saw Atari's Space Invaders Championships and the creation of The US National Video Game Team, but it was in 1997 when the concept of eSports, or electronic sports, became viable, drawing participation from over 2,000 players to the Red Annihilation tournament for the first person shooter game Quake. Shortly after that, the Cyberathlete Professional League was founded, and in 1999 the league began offering prize money. Mobile gaming (think GameBoy and Tetris) took the industry -- quite literally -- to new places, and allowed players to interact on pocket-size devices. The introduction of each new game and each new gaming platform expanded the gaming universe exponentially, and paved the way for MMO interactive games like SPYR's Pocket Starships. Since that time multiplayer games like League of Legends, Counter Strike, Halo, and even Minecraft, have dominated not only gaming devices, but also the attention of investors in the gaming and eSports markets. In 2016, the total prize money awarded across all eSports games was $93.3 million. In early 2017, universities in the US began adding eSports to both the academic as well as the athletic curriculum, with one women's college in Missouri offering scholarships to eSports student athletes. The Olympic Council of Asia recently announced that it will include eSports in the 2018 Asian Games and make it a medal sport in 2022. What this means for gamers and investors is a brighter spotlight on both game development as well as technology enhancements. As the gaming industry has grown, so too has the technology. Gamers are no longer limited to TV screens, consoles or static boxes, but can now play on a variety of mobile devices as well. But frequently, gaming interactions are limited to playing against those on similar devices. What SPYR has with its game Pocket Starships is a unique and true cross-platform game that can be played in real time on a variety of devices. So whether you are playing on your Apple or Android phone, laptop, desktop, iPad or Kindle, all gamers can play together and against one another in the same game universe. This platform will allow SPYR to effectively position and market their games to a wider gaming audience, and reach both recreational as well as competitive players. Furthermore, it cultivates interest (and potential customers) from across a wide demographic band. Women have historically been less active in MMO games, generally preferring single player app games. But with access to MMOs like Pocket Starships through social media portals such as Facebook and VK.com, the European network, more and more women and baby boomers are entering the MMO arena. Where the investment return lies is in the game itself. Mobile games with a high level of interactivity and constant updates are the games that keep gamers enthralled and playing. Within one month of releasing a game update, SPYR reported a 23% increase in the average revenue from each paying user, and a 7.8% increase in the average spend on each in-app purchase. In 2016, Apple Inc. reported that over 76% of app revenues were generated by games. Game developers and producers have a vast frontier ahead of them. With data indicating that more people watched the League of Legends World Championship Finals than watched LeBron James' compelling performance in the 2016 NBA Championships, and estimates showing an increase in market revenues from just over $100 billion to almost $130 billion by 2020, massive is indeed the operative word in MMO games. About SmallCap Network The SmallCap Network is one of the web's leading small cap stock trading communities. While large caps tend to receive the majority of media attention, small and micro cap stocks as well as penny stocks can often offer the most potential for investment gains. The SmallCap Network website and free newsletter offer in-depth fundamental research and technical trading recommendations on select small cap stocks, micro cap stocks, bulletin board stocks, and actively traded penny stocks, serving as an investor resource to better tap the full potential offered by such companies. SEC Rule 17b Disclosure The SmallCap Network is committed to providing our readers with useful information on publicly traded companies. The SmallCap Network sometimes contracts with third parties or publicly traded companies and receives compensation from them in the form of cash and sometimes restricted securities as payment for publishing information and opinions about the company and the trading market for their securities. Principals of the SmallCap Network may also purchase or sell securities of the companies in the open market from time to time. The positions that the SmallCap Network or its principals maintain in securities of the companies are disclosed within and should be considered when making an investment decision regarding companies mentioned on SmallCap Network. SmallCap Network may be deemed to have a conflict of interest between its open market activity and positions in these securities and the timing of and opinions expressed in its publications concerning these companies. The publications should not be considered to be independent publications concerning the company. SmallCap Network has been paid $10,000 and 200,000 restricted shares by Spyr, Inc. for market awareness and other advertising services on SPYR. Many statements and opinions expressed herein are those of the editors and staff of SmallCap Network and are subject to change without notice. The site and its newsletter maintain editorial control over its publications and the companies profiled therein do not have any editorial rights concerning the information published about them. No information contained in our website, e-mail communications or our publications should be considered as a solicitation to purchase or sell any of the securities mentioned. SmallCap Network, its principals or employees are not registered investment advisors or a registered securities broker dealer. We do not undertake or represent to make investment recommendations or to give advice pertaining to the purchase or sale of the securities mentioned in our web site, e-mail communications or publications. While we believe all sources of information provided by us and contained in our publication to be accurate and reliable, we cannot and do not guarantee the accuracy of information we received from third parties. Furthermore, SmallCap Network has not independently verified such information provided within our publication. SmallCap Network also employs contributors to help us manage and moderate our growing community. Their primary purpose is to keep our forum running smoothly and informatively for the benefit of its Members. They perform a variety of tasks, including acting as virtual liaisons and publishing information and opinions on select public companies or on behalf of certain third parties who have hired SmallCap Network for various market awareness services. These contributors also contribute to the various discussions throughout our community. They are free to contribute, or not contribute, as they see fit. Some SmallCap Network Contributors may have investments in the stocks they discuss. All SmallCap Network employees and contractors -- are required to publicly disclose their current individual stock holdings at the end of an article they've written and in the appropriate area when referencing or discussing a stock they own. It is also important to note, the SmallCap Network is not registered as a securities broker-dealer or an investment adviser either with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or with any state securities regulatory authority. All statements and opinions expressed herein are those of the editors and contributors of SmallCap Network and are subject to change without notice. The SmallCap Network maintains editorial control over its publications and the companies profiled therein do not have any editorial rights concerning the information published about them. A profile, description, or other mention of a company at SmallCap Network is neither an offer nor solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any securities mentioned. While we believe all sources of information provided by us and contained in our publication to be accurate and reliable, we cannot and do not guarantee the accuracy of information we received from third parties. Furthermore, SmallCap Network has not independently verified such information provided within our publication. READERS ARE ENCOURAGED TO DO THEIR OWN DUE DILIGENCE BEFORE INVESTING IN ANY SECURITIES MENTIONED AT SMALLCAPNETWORK OR WITHIN ANY OF ITS PUBLICATIONS. INVESTING IN SECURITIES IS SPECULATIVE AND CARRIES A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK. We encourage our readers to invest carefully and read the investor information available at the web sites of the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") at http://www.sec.gov and/or the National Association of Securities Dealers ("NASD") at http://www.finra.org. We also recommend that you read the SEC advisory to investors concerning Internet Stock Fraud, which can be found at: https://www.sec.gov/reportspubs/investor-publications/investorpubscyberfraudhtm.html. Readers can review all public filings by companies at the SEC's EDGAR page. The SEC has published information on how to https://www.sec.gov/investor/pubs/tenthingstoconsider.htm at its web site. The information found at SmallCap Network is protected by the copyright laws of the United States and may not be copied, or reproduced in any way without the expressed, written consent of The SmallCap Network. For more information: www.smallcapnetwork.com Contact Information Contact: SmallCap Network customerservice@smallcapnetwork.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company SPYR, Inc. From this industry Computers and Software Lifestyle and Leisure Media and Entertainment Retail Sports Telecom From this sub-industry Internet Family Recreation Video games Consumer Electronics Consumer Interest E-Commerce Competitions and Venues Individuals and Teams Wireless/Mobile See all RSS Newsfeeds   Additional Links and Tags Website: http://www.spyr.com   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Tim Cook talks assistive technologies with Accessibility evangelists Christian Zibreg on May 18, 2017 0 Apple CEO Tim Cook sat down with three YouTubers who are Accessibility evangelists to discuss the importance of the assistive technologies built into the company’s iOS, macOS, tvOS and watchOS platforms. James Rath, a legally blind filmmaker; Tatiana Lee, a model, actress and lifestyle blogger; and Rikki Poynter, a North Carolina-based writer and deaf awareness activist, all published their video interviews with Apple’s chief on their respective YouTube channels on Wednesday. James Rath interview Rikki Poynter interview Cook explained to Poyter what Apple is all about when it comes to Accessibility: Apple is founded on giving people power to create things, to do things that they couldn’t do without those tools. And we’ve always viewed accessibility as a human right. And so just like human rights are for everyone, we want our products to be accessible for everyone. He added that accessibility should be a basic human right: It’s a basic core value of Apple. We don’t make products for a particular group of people. We make products for everybody. We feel very strongly that everyone deserves an equal opportunity and equal access. So we don’t look at this thing from a return on investment point of view—I’ve been asked that before. The answer is no, I’ve never looked at that. We don’t care about that. A lot of these Accessibility features, everyone can use. With HomeKit, I use HomeKit every day and control my house with my voice. “It’s a basic core value of Apple,” said Cook. Tatiana Lee interview Lee’s whole video was shot with her iPhone 7 and edited using Apple’s new app Clips. Cook did the interviews to honor Global Accessibility Awareness Day, an initiative that promotes inclusion when it comes to creating products, content and experiences for everyone. The company is currently highlighting apps on App Store that implement Accessibility features. Lastly, Apple posted seven inspiring videos showcasing how people with disabilities are using assistive technologies built into iPhone, iPad and Mac. For the full overview of the extensive assistive features built into Apple products, check out its dedicated Accessibility webpage. Tagged: Accessibility Apple Interview iOS iPad iPhone iPod Touch Mac macOS News MORE FROM iDB Fourth betas of iOS 10.3.2, macOS Sierra 10.12.5, watchOS 3.2.2 & tvOS 10.2.1 now available Apple posts third betas of iOS 10.3.2, macOS Sierra 10.12.5, watchOS 3.2.2 and tvOS 10.2.1 Seventh betas of iOS 10.3 and macOS Sierra 10.12.4 now available Featured Latest Daily Deals: $25 off Xbox Live, $80 off Logitech gaming headset, and more Choose any 12 out of these premium apps for only $19.99 Deadpool, Prometheus, and other iTunes movies on sale right now Wallpapers of the week: yellow inspiration Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCVertically, MusicMoreColumns, WAStatusVolume, & more… Jailbreak Guide: Can I jailbreak? Daily Deals: $25 off Xbox Live, $80 off Logitech gaming headset, and more Tim Cook is testing Apple’s glucose tracker prototype on his body Apple’s free app of the week: Eggggg – The Platform Puker Windows 10 is getting fully customizable Control Center Things 3 is out with overhauled interface and multiple new features Jailbreak News Customize the look and behavior of Notification Center with Lace IconCert lets you know when your Yalu certificate expires NCWallCustomizer enables custom wallpapers in Notification Center Add the Dock to the Today view with this handy tweak This tweak masks your iPhone’s Personal Hotspot password Apps Apple’s free app of the week: Eggggg – The Platform Puker Things 3 is out with overhauled interface and multiple new features Futurama: Worlds of Tomorrow coming to iOS, will contain some entirely new episodes Add the Dock to the Today view with this handy tweak Google Photos launching automatically curated albums, photo books & sharing suggestions Accessories Showdown: who has the best suction car mount? Spigen, iOttie, or Tackform? BGR: Next Apple Watch to use smart bands for game-changing diabetes treatment tech Philips expands Hue smart lighting with new bulbs, fixtures and table lamps Satechi’s new hub gives your MacBook Pro ports for USB, 4K HDMI, SD/microSD & more Bloomberg: Apple employees are testing rumored Siri smart speaker at home Deals Cybersecurity Certification Mega Bundle for $69 RA4W VPN: Lifetime Subscription for $19 XXL Shower Speaker for $19 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Practically Any Vehicle Can Be a Smartphone Accessory with Pioneer's New 2017 NEX In-Dash Multimedia Receivers Packed with Smartphone and Entertainment Features Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Pioneer AVH-3300NEX Multimedia Car Receiver (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 18, 2017 09:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time LONG BEACH, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Pioneer Electronics (USA) Inc. today expands its popular NEX platform with five new NEX in-dash multimedia receivers for 2017. The double-DIN 7” LCD AVH-2330NEX and AVH-2300NEX and double-DIN 6.2”LCD AVH-1330NEX and AVH-1300NEX models are designed to complement the smartphone lifestyle of today’s consumer with continuous connectivity and access to a variety of entertainment options. The AVH-3300NEX expands the NEX line-up into the smaller, more universal single-DIN in-dash receiver size, providing for the first time, a smartphone connectivity solution that easily fits into many older and collectible cars coveted by automotive enthusiasts. The units feature a redesigned, simple-to-use interface and compatibility with popular automotive specific smartphone interfaces and apps such as Apple CarPlay®, Android Auto™1 and Waze®, plus entertainment options such as Bluetooth® music streaming and hands-free calling, Spotify® and Pandora®. For 2017, the new NEX models have been engineered with an optimized PCB layout for audio signal integrity and a number of audiophile-grade components to deliver a premium audio listening experience. “With Pioneer’s new line of 2017 NEX receivers, we’re making in-vehicle connectivity and great entertainment even more accessible by continuing to offer popular smartphone and music services, but at a more consumer-friendly price point,” said Ted Cardenas, vice president of marketing at Pioneer Electronics (USA) Inc. “Plus, the introduction of the AVH-3300NEX single-DIN option significantly increases the number of compatible vehicles, specifically meeting the demand for the latest smartphone connectivity in a form factor that can be installed into many of the unique, exotic, or simply older vehicles that car lovers drive.” EASY SMARTPHONE CONNECTIVITY AND CONVENIENCE Bluetooth Wireless Connectivity – All models feature built-in Bluetooth2 wireless connectivity for convenient hands-free calling and music streaming with compatible Bluetooth enabled devices. Users are able to pre-register up to five smartphones with the receivers, enabling hands-free calling and/or music to be streamed from any of the five previously paired phones, eliminating the need to pair and unpair devices. Additionally, the response time between switching pre-registered devices is faster, as is access to music and contacts stored on the connected device. To maximize the connectivity options and call quality for hands-free communication and wireless audio streaming, each NEX receiver features Bluetooth AVRCP 1.6 to provide browsing capability of a user’s media library, and HFP 1.6 with wideband speech for clearer overall sound quality, making it easier to recognize and understand voices during calls. Android Auto (AVH-3300NEX, AVH-2330NEX, AVH-2300NEX) Three of the five models feature Android Auto integration, allowing consumers to quickly connect their compatible smartphones to extend the Android platform into the car in a way that is purpose-built for driving. Designed with safety in mind, Android Auto utilizes a simple and intuitive interface to provide navigation, communication, music and more, combined with powerful new voice actions for minimized distraction, so users stay focused on the road. Smartphones running Android 5.0 (Lollipop) or newer operating systems offer Android Auto and will work with the three Pioneer models. Apple CarPlay (all models) Pioneer’s CarPlay-compatible NEX in-dash receivers offer consumers the ability to upgrade the vehicles they already own with the latest iPhone® technology specifically designed for the car. Consumers with the latest version of iOS on their iPhone 5 or newer, including iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone 6s, can use Siri® voice control to make and receive calls, compose and respond to text messages, access Apple Maps for navigation, and listen to their music, podcasts, or iTunes® Radio. EXPANDED ENTERTAINMENT OPTIONS (All Models) Spotify – Control content from the Spotify app for iPhone and Android devices as a dedicated source on the receivers. Listeners can now play, pause and skip tracks using the Pioneer controls, and with a few taps, it is just as easy to browse playlists, albums and radio stations on the go. Premium3 users enjoy ad-free, high quality music and can download music and listen offline with no internet connection. Pandora Station Creation and Station Presets – The Pandora station creation4 feature enables users to create new Pandora stations while the app is in use with an iPhone device or compatible Android smartphone. Users can simply press and hold a button on the new receivers to create a new Pandora station dynamically from the currently playing song or artist. Pandora enables listeners to store their personalized stations on six presets for easy access on the receiver. USB Connectivity – When connected to an iPhone, iPod, portable USB drive or compatible Android device via the USB port, users can use basic controls (Play/Pause/FF/Rev/Random/Repeat) and display track, artist and album information. Android devices must run OS 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich) or newer with Android Media Transfer Protocol. SiriusXM Radio Connectivity – The 2017 NEX models are SiriusXM® compatible with the addition of a SXV300 SiriusXM Vehicle Connect Tuner (sold separately, SiriusXM subscription required). The receivers are also compatible with the Tune Start™, Tune Scan™, Tune Mix and Sports Flash features of SiriusXM. HD Radio® Technology – For high quality audio broadcasts, the AVH-2330NEX and AVH-1330NEX feature a built-in HD Radio tuner, providing clear digital reception of HD Radio and additional multi-casting programming on HD1, HD2 and HD3 broadcasts from participating radio stations across the country. ENHANCED LOOK AND FUNCTIONALITY (all models) Sleek Visual User Interface – Each display in the NEX receiver lineup is built with a clear resistive touchscreen and 24-bit true color LCD panel, making it more responsive than traditional resistive touchscreens, with increased color depth for brighter colors and more vibrant images. The five models also feature a redesigned UI with large source and system settings icons for easy accessibility and operation. Simple Smartphone Connection – When a driver plugs in his or her smartphone to the receiver, the unit is able to detect whether the connected phone is an iPhone or Android device, and automatically brings up the corresponding service on the screen, CarPlay or Android Auto respectively.5 Waze Accessibility – Waze is the world's largest community-based traffic and navigation application. The new NEX units bring the highly popular Waze functionality into the dash of the vehicle on a larger touchscreen display, making it easier to view maps and directions.6 To use the Waze app on one of the five new NEX models, the driver connects a smartphone to the receiver via the smartphone’s corresponding interface cable (sold separately) and opens the application using Pioneer’s AppRadio Mode+, a feature that gives users access and control of popular in-vehicle apps directly from the receiver’s screen.7 SUPERIOR AUDIO PERFORMANCE (all models) Optimized PCB layout for superior audio signal integrity and audiophile-grade capacitors and other components tuned to produce truly premium audio 13 band Graphic Equalizer with touch panel swipe setting and built-in high/low pass crossover with expanded adjustable crossover points and slopes Built-in Auto EQ and Auto Time Alignment provide customized audio adjustments for the driver8 Advanced Sound Retriever® Ability for users to play back full HD videos stored on a USB and NTFS files stored on a compatible external HDD9 Receivers offer playback of files encoded as high-res FLAC up to 192kHz/24 bit and provide playback output at CD-quality (44kHz/16bit) ADDITIONAL FEATURES The AVH-3300NEX single-DIN model features a motorized 7-inch touchscreen display and detachable face for security All models are backup camera ready – compatible with many original equipment (OE) and most universal rear-view cameras, including Pioneer’s ND-BC8 rear-view camera (sold separately) Width and distance parking reference lines are displayed on the NEX touchscreen to further assist the driver The AVH-3300NEX, AVH-2330NEX and AVH-1330NEX also come with: A remote control to conveniently adjust volume, audio source and more Dual camera inputs to help consumers enhance the rear visibility of their existing vehicles, beyond what can be seen in the rearview mirror iDatalink® Maestro™ support available on the AVH-2330NEX, AVH-2300NEX, AVH-1330NEX and AVH-1300NEX Compatibility with Pioneer’s AVIC-U280 outboard navigation system (sold separately) USB Quick Charge (all models) – charges 1.5 amp Android devices High power MOSFET 50W x 4 For more information on the new line, visit http://www.pioneerelectronics.com/PUSA/Car/NEX. Pioneer’s NEX receivers will be available in July with suggested retail prices of: $600 (AVH-3300NEX), $500 (AVH-2330NEX and AVH-2300NEX), and $400 (AVH-1330NEX and AVH-1300NEX). For more information follow us on: Twitter at twitter.com/PioneerUSA Facebook at facebook.com/PioneerNorthAmerica YouTube at youtube.com/pioneerelectronics Instagram at instagram.com/pioneercaraudio Pioneer Electronics (USA) Inc., headquartered in Long Beach, Calif., is a preeminent manufacturer of leading-edge technology solutions for the mobile electronics aftermarket. Its affiliate Pioneer Automotive Technologies, Inc. (PAT) is a key supplier for Tier 1 automotive entertainment systems and components to vehicle manufactures. Pioneer is focused on creating the ultimate in-car entertainment experience with high performance audio and video components, as well as connectivity with today’s smart devices. Building off of more than 75 years of electronics experience, Pioneer has expanded into the cycle sports industry, designing world-class power meters and cycle computers for professional athletes and cycling enthusiasts. Read all safety instructions in the product documentation before use. Distracted driving can result in serious injury, or death. Only use a function when it is safe and legal in your location, pay attention to the road and your surroundings, and obey all traffic rules. 1Android Auto compatible with AVH-3300NEX, AVH-2330NEX and AVH-2300NEX only. 2Bluetooth functionality requires a compatible Bluetooth-enabled mobile phone. Certain Bluetooth features may not be supported by all compatible Bluetooth-enabled devices, and/or the functionality of such features may be limited in certain devices or by certain wireless carriers. 3Spotify Premium requires a monthly paid subscription. 4Feature requires compatible receiver and metadata must be available on desired track or artist from which user wants to create station. 5CarPlay is accessible via the user’s iPhone cable or Pioneer’s optional CD-IU52 cable, and Android Auto is accessible via the user’s compatible Android device cable or Pioneer’s optional CD-MU200 cable. USB Type-C devices may require additional Google certified adapters or cables. 6An active data connection is required to use the Waze application. Functionality is limited when driving to reduce driver distraction. The parking brake must be engaged to access the keyboard and enter location destinations. 7When using AppRadio Mode+, Pioneer’s AppRadio App is required. Not all Android devices work with AppRadio Mode+, check the website for smartphone compatibility http://www.pioneerelectronics.com/PUSA/Car/NEX 8To use Auto EQ or Auto Time Alignment, Pioneer’s CD-MC20 microphone is required. The CD-MC20 is sold separately from the receiver. 9For the full list of compatible format types, visit the product page- http://www.pioneerelectronics.com/PUSA/Car/NEX. Video playback is enabled only when the vehicle is in park and the parking brake engaged. The receiver will down-res the video to the resolution format of the receiver (800x480 for AVH-1300NEX/AVH-1330NEX and 840x480 for AVH-2300NEX/AVH-23300NEX/AVH-3300NEX). Pioneer and Advanced Sound Retriever are registered trademarks of Pioneer Corporation. Apple, CarPlay, iPhone, Siri, and iTunes are registered trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Android Auto and Waze are trademarks of Google Inc. Bluetooth is a registered trademark of Bluetooth SIG. Spotify is a registered trademark of Spotify AB. Pandora is a registered trademark of Pandora Media, Inc. HD Radio and Artist Experience are proprietary trademarks of iBiquity Digital Corporation. Sirius, XM, SiriusXM and all related marks and logos are trademarks of Sirius XM Radio Inc. and its subsidiaries. iDatalink and Maestro are trademarks or registered trademarks of Automotive Data Solutions Inc. Contacts Pioneer Electronics (USA) Inc. Katherine Harbeston, 310-952-2388 katherine.harbeston@pioneer-usa.com or Liz Villafan, 310-496-4454 Liz@allisonpr.com Release Summary Pioneer today expands its popular NEX platform with five new NEX in-dash multimedia receivers for 2017. The AVH-3300NEX is the first single-DIN unit with Apple CarPlay and Android Auto. #Hashtags #pioneer #pioneerNEX #upgradeyourcar Contacts Pioneer Electronics (USA) Inc. Katherine Harbeston, 310-952-2388 katherine.harbeston@pioneer-usa.com or Liz Villafan, 310-496-4454 Liz@allisonpr.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Apps & Software Image Source: Google So long, Siri: Google Assistant for iPhone is available for download Zach Epstein @zacharye May 18th, 2017 at 8:51 AM Share Tweet Sorry, Siri, but it looks like your days may be numbered. Apple’s virtual personal assistant software started a revolution and every one of Apple’s rivals now offers a voice-controlled AI product of some sort. Interestingly, we’ve seen something of a role reversal in this important space. Apple typically waits until it comes as close as possible to perfecting a new technology, and then launches it after other companies have already dipped their toes. There are plenty of exceptions, but that’s generally Apple’s M.O. With Siri, Apple was first out of the gate, having launched the product in beta back in 2011. Countless users would argue that Siri is still in beta, however, because they constantly encounter problems while trying to use it. If you count yourself among the iOS users who can’t stand Siri, you’re in luck: Google Assistant has officially arrived on the iPhone, and is available right now as a free download. Don't Miss: The 12 biggest announcements from Google I/O 2017 With Google Assistant, Google pulled an Apple. The company entered the voice-powered assistant space long after Apple did, but it released what many people believe to be a vastly superior product. In fact, events unfolded much the same way as they did in the smartwatch market, but reversed: Android watches came out first, but they were (and still are?) awful. Then the Apple Watch came along and showed people how impressive a smartwatch could be. Visit an Apple-focused subreddit or just about any Apple fan forum on the planet, and you’ll see endless complaints focused on Siri. Meanwhile, Google Assistant is praised almost universally by its users. If you’re an iPhone owner in the United States and you want to see what all the fuss is about, you finally can without having to buy a Google Home. The brand new Google Assistant app for iOS is available for download right now in the US App Store, and you’ll find a download link below. The Google Assistant Meet your Google Assistant. Ask it questions. Tell it to do things. It’s your own personal Google, always ready to help. Whether you need a reminder to pick up milk, help finding your travel photos or need to make a dinner reservation, your Assistant is ready to help. To get started, press the mic icon or start typing. Some things your Assistant can help with: – Make quick phone calls (e.g. “Call Mom.”) – Send text messages (e.g. “Text my bestie.”) – Send emails (e.g. “Email your boss the latest TPS report.”) – Set reminders (e.g. “Remind me to buy a birthday gift for Sarah.”) – Set calendar events (e.g. “Set a calendar event for dinner with Charlie tomorrow from 7-9.”) – Play music (e.g. “Play Jazz music on Youtube.”) – Navigate to places (e.g. “Get me directions home.”) – Ask it anything (e.g. “Will I need an umbrella today?”) Download The Google Assistant Tags: Apple, google, iPhone View Comments Trending 1 Tech Apple’s iPhone 8 will basically bring back the headphone jack 2 Tech Exclusive: The world’s first look at Apple’s final iPhone 8 design in real life 3 Science Russian spaceflight director thinks Elon Musk is out of his mind 4 Tech The OnePlus 5 might ‘steal’ an iconic iPhone feature 5 Deals Get Amazon Prime free for 6 months, then 50% off forever if your .edu email still works Picked For You The OnePlus 5 might ‘steal’ an iconic iPhone feature By Chris Smith 11 hours ago Humans speak dog, according to science By Mike Wehner 1 day ago A new Pokemon mobile game just made its way to the App Store By Jacob Siegal 1 day ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] How to Go Back to iOS 9 from iOS 9.1 Beta Josh Smith09/15/2015 You can go back to iOS 9 from the iOS 9.1 beta that Apple offers to the public and to developers with a specific process and a small amount of time set aside. Overall the process of downgrading from iOS 9.1  to iOS 9 is very similar to restoring your iPhone to like new condition, but there is one special step you need to take. This guide will show you how you can go back to iOS 9, or whatever the current version is, from the iOS 9.1 beta that Apple currently allows users to try. You may want to go back to iOS 9 to avoid beta issues like buggy behavior, sluggishness or app compatibility, which are all things we see with the first several releases of a major upgrade. Here’s what you need to go back to iOS 9 from iOS 9.1. iOS 9.1 to iOS 9 Downgrade Prep You’ll need a few things to make this work and you’ll want to set aside an hour of time. This process may go faster, but it’s best not to be rushed when you are doing this. What you need to go back to iOS 9 from the iOS 9.1 beta. Hopefully you made a local backup of your iPhone to iTunes on the same computer you want to downgrade on. You cannot restore a iOS 9.1 backup on a device running iOS 9, so you’ll need that older backup. Here’s what you need; Computer with Recent Version of iTunes Internet Connection Lightning Cable When you go back to iOS 9, you will erase the device — so a backup is very important unless you want to start from scratch. You don’t need to find an iOS 9 download to make this work, as long as you are doing this downgrade after September 16th you will end up with iOS 9 or whatever the current version is by default. How to Go Back to iOS 9 from iOS 9.1 Beta As long as you plan to go back to the current version of iOS 9 that Apple offers to the public this is a pretty easy process to follow. You just need to make sure that you press the right buttons for the right amount of time. In the iOS 9.1 to iOS 9 downgrade directions we use iPhone, but these directions work with the iPad or iPod touch as well. 1. Turn off Find My iPhone before we get started. Go to Settings -> iCloud -> Find My iPhone -> Off. Unless you turn this off you cannot reset the phone. 2. Plug your iPhone into your computer and wait for it to show up in iTunes. 3. Press and hold the home button and power button for 10 seconds. You will see this message when your iPhone is ready to downgrade from iOS 9.1 to iOS 9. 4. After 10 seconds let go of the power button, but keep your finger pressed on the home button. This is known as putting the iPhone into DFU or recovery mode. It allows iTunes to erase the device and install the current version of iOS. 5. iTunes will show a pop up saying your iPhone is in Recover Mode. Click OK. Restore the iPhone or iPad to factory settings to go back to iOS 9. 6. Go to the iTunes page that shows your iPhone and Click on Restore iPhone. After the restore completes the iPhone will walk you through a very short setup and ask if you want to restore from backup. You can choose to restore from iCloud or from an iTunes backup. In most cases you will want to choose restore from the iTunes backup you made before you installed the iOS 9.1 beta. If you have problems using this method to go back to iOS 9, you might need to locate the iOS 9 download for your device manually. This is a ipsw file that you can find from several websites. After you download it you will need to repeat the directions but instead of a normal click on Restore iPhone, you will option click on Mac or shift click on Windows and then choose the iOS 9 file you downloaded. [ubergrid id=286376] 12 Responses 09/16/2015 Nathan Spears Reply DFU mode is only intended for if the device will not restore or be recognized by the computer. The safer way is to do a forced recovery mode by powering the phone off completely. Once off just hold down the home button only and plug into the computer and you will get the same recovery mode message and be able to restore. 09/16/2015 Daniel Reply iTunes 12 may have an even quicker work around than described above [From the screen shots, looks like y’all be using an older iTunes simply as a descriptor on how to accomplish the process]. Instead of completely restoring from DFU mode, it also gave me to the option to simply “Update” my phone ‘back’ to 9.0. Didn’t have to spend all that time restoring. 09/16/2015 Danny Reply Please do not downgrade from 9.1 to 9 because there is noway you can’t backup your data. BE AWARE !!!! 09/25/2015 Cerebud Reply YES! This is horrible!! Thanks gottabemobile, you guys caused me to lose almost a year’s worth of photos!!! 09/16/2015 Abdulrahman Reply If I wait and skip updating my public beta until it become official release, would that be a good idea to do downgrade? For example, right now I have iOS 9.1 public beta and apple realeased iOS 9.0 and to do the trick I will keep backing my iOS 9.1 up and make sure not updating it to the future release. When iOS 9.1 become official release that time I do the basic restore and restore backup .. I hope you got the idea .. 09/21/2015 prem Reply its fack i try lot of 2 factory reset my i phone 10/15/2015 Iphone Eggspert Reply You should know if you downgrade you will lose photos, music etc. You try this at YOUR OWN RISK!!!! do not blame others if you do this. If you lose your most precious selfies!! thats on you!! even though their not worth saving anyway. 10/18/2015 Brandon Reply DO NOT DO THIS! BACKING UP WILL NOT GET YOUR STUFF BACK! 10/18/2015 Brandon Reply HERE IS HOW TO GET YOUR STUFF BACK: -It will tell you your restore is out dated, so: -Set up as new iPhone (no, your stuff won’t be there yet) -Go back to the Beta Software Program website -Sign up again -After downloading the profile and doing everything again, download Beta 5 -After it is COMPLETELY downloaded, go back to iTunes -Go to Restore Backup, and your backup should be there/ Yes, you won’t be able to go back to iOS 9.0.2, but do you want your stuff back or a new iPhone? 10/18/2015 Brandon Reply Gottabemobile, test something before you post about it. 05/18/2017 door Antony Reply What a talent Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
Apple Is Lobbying Against Your Right to Repair iPhones, New York State Records Confirm Behind the scenes, Apple is trying to kill legislation that would make it easier for normal people to fix iPhones. Lobbying records in New York state show that Apple, Verizon, and the tech industry's largest trade organizations are opposing a bill that would make it easier for consumers and independent companies to repair your electronics. The bill, called the "Fair Repair Act," would require electronics companies to sell replacement parts and tools to the general public, would prohibit "software locks" that restrict repairs, and in many cases would require companies to make repair guides available to the public. Apple and other tech giants have been suspected of opposing the legislation in many of the 11 states where similar bills have been introduced, but New York's robust lobbying disclosure laws have made information about which companies are hiring lobbyists and what bills they're spending money on public record. According to New York State's Joint Commission on Public Ethics, Apple, Verizon, Toyota, the printer company Lexmark, heavy machinery company Caterpillar, phone insurance company Asurion, and medical device company Medtronic have spent money lobbying against the Fair Repair Act this year. The Consumer Technology Association, which represents thousands of electronics manufacturers, is also lobbying against the bill. Companies lobbying for or against right to repair legislation. To be clear, each of the companies and trade organizations listed in this article—including Apple—lobbies on a variety of bills each year, and not all or even a majority of that money has been spent on right to repair legislation. But the records show a huge discrepancy between the political clout of large corporations lobbying against this legislation and that of their customers, who stand to benefit greatly from the bill. Fair repair is one of just three bills Apple lobbied on in March and April The records show that companies and organizations lobbying against right to repair legislation spent $366,634 to retain lobbyists in the state between January and April of this year. Thus far, the Digital Right to Repair Coalition—which is generally made up of independent repair shops with several employees—is the only organization publicly lobbying for the legislation. It has spent $5,042 on the effort, according to the records. A retainer agreement between Apple and lobbying firm the Roffe Group notes that the law firm will "lobby Apple's corporate issues, including but not limited to areas of environment, tax, and retail." According to the contract, Apple pays Roffe Group $9,000 per month for its services. According to the records, fair repair (New York Senate bill 618A) is one of just three bills Apple lobbied on in March and April. The records—which as far as I can tell have not been published on a news site before—also show that Apple lobbied against similar legislation in 2016 and 2015. "Compensation" is the money Apple paid Roffe Group in March and April. "Lobbying expenses" are for things such as cabs, food, etc. As I mentioned, it's no huge secret that Apple is lobbying against right to repair. In Nebraska, for instance, the sponsor of a right to repair bill said she was visited by Apple lobbyists who told her the state would turn into a "Mecca for bad actors" if the legislation passed. But with New York's state records, we have proof that Apple's fighting against repair around the country. The important thing to keep in mind is that supporters of the bill have been very open about why they support the legislation. Meanwhile, the companies that are lobbying against it do not ever speak publicly about why they oppose fair repair laws. Both Apple and Roffe Group did not respond to my request for more information about the company's specific position on right to repair legislation.
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Health Computing Applications Data Management Hardware Chips Personal Computers Servers Operating Systems Internet Internet of Things Online Entertainment Search Tech Social Networking Web Apps IT Developers IT Leadership Network Management Mobile Tech Mobile Apps Smartphones Tablets Wearable Tech Wireless Networking Reviews Security Cybersecurity Hacking Malware Privacy Technology Audio/Video Emerging Tech Virtual Reality Gaming Home Tech How-To Photography Science Health Space Tech Buzz Tech Law Transportation Tech Blog  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map May 19, 2017 12:08:43 AM PDT TechNewsWorld > Technology > Science > Health | Next Article in Health Wearable Tech Can Detect Life-Threatening Heart Problems Print Email By Richard Adhikari May 18, 2017 5:00 AM PT Cardiogram last week announced that it has developed a preliminary algorithm to use with the Apple Watch and Android Wear devices to detect atrial fibrillation with higher accuracy than previously validated detection methods. Atrial fibrillation, or AF, affects about 2.7 million Americans, and increases the risk of stroke by five times. Overall, it causes about 15 percent of strokes. Cardiogram trained a deep neural network using heart rate readings taken from Apple Watches. The company sent 200 AliveCor mobile electrocardiogram devices to people diagnosed with AF. The test subjects recorded 6,338 mobile ECGs, each associated with a positive or negative atrial fibrillation label generated by the devices. Cardiogram applied 139 million heart rate measurements to retrain its neural network to predict the average variation in heart rate readings over various time windows. To validate its architectural model, Cardiogram obtained gold standards from cardioversions -- that is, incidents of returning a patient experiencing AF to a normal sinus rhythm through chemical or electrical treatments. Cardiogram has been working with medical researchers from UCSF's Health eHeart Study, and a total of 51 patients at UCSF Cardiology wore an Apple Watch during their cardioversions. Heart rate samples were taken during AF and after cardioversion. Cardiogram's algorithm was able to detect atrial fibrillation with 98.04 percent sensitivity and 90.2 percent specificity. This Apple Watch reading shows a user experiencing atrial fibrillation. More work needs to be done, Cardiogram said. Eventually, it plans to pair early warnings from wearables with prompts to set up an appointment for treatment. Healthcare Moves Toward Wearables "The convenience and personalization that wearables provide can increase the appeal and drive participation for consumers," said Amy Simpson, industry principal for healthcare at Pegasystems. Fitness devices "are most likely to be effective consumer engagement tools for health and wellness programs, particularly when combined with incentives," she told TechNewsWorld. Apple's WatchOS and Google's Android Wear recently have pivoted toward fitness and health applications because that use case is the only one with any stickiness for wearables, according to IDC's Q4 Worldwide Quarterly Wearable Device Tracker report. The patient monitoring wearable market will grow from 8 million shipments in 2016 to 33 million in 2021, according to ABI Research. Smart clothing manufacturer Nanowear last year received U.S. Food and Drug Administration clearance for a proposed line of cardiac-monitoring clothing. "In addition to the near real-time response that wearables may trigger, an unprecedented set of data would be gathered," Pegasystems' Simpson noted. "Massive amounts of objective data regarding individuals' activity and health conditions will be available for insights." The possibility of improved healthcare "creates an appealing market for wearable health monitoring," Simpson said, "with a mindful eye on the providers upon whom decision-making accountability lies, on developing an evidence base, and on regulatory adherence." Easier Said Than Done "Most industry sources, including Frost, are projecting growth," noted Victor Camlek, transformation health principal analyst at Frost & Sullivan. However, certain areas -- precision, liability, the potential for hacking -- need to be resolved, Camlek pointed out. Further, "detecting the symptoms is one thing, but getting treatment is another," he said. Another potential obstacle is that there is no single standard for reimbursements from insurance companies, Camlek said. "So there's great potential for wearables to make a difference, but it's not a slam-dunk." Richard Adhikari has been an ECT News Network reporter since 2008. His areas of focus include cybersecurity, mobile technologies, CRM, databases, software development, mainframe and mid-range computing, and application development. He has written and edited for numerous publications, including Information Week and Computerworld. He is the author of two books on client/server technology. Email Richard. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by Richard Adhikari Reader Comments Be the first to comment! Related Stories Federal First Responder Project Presents Juicy Telecom Opportunity May 16, 2017 Looking Ahead to CES: This Will Be a Big One Jan 2, 2017 Fitbit Pulls Pebble From Rock, Hard Place Dec 9, 2016 News Alerts Apple Watch Activate Alert | Search Archives Android Activate Alert | Search Archives Healthcare Activate Alert | Search Archives Google Activate Alert | Search Archives Frost & Sullivan Activate Alert | Search Archives Create Your Own News Alerts More in Health Salesforce, QuintilesIMS Team to Push New Therapies to Market Healthgrades' CareChats Aims to Tear Down Doctor-Patient Wall Facebook's Latest Moon Shot: I Think, Therefore I Type Apple May Transform Diabetes Care and Treatment: Report Why Are Health Records So Valuable to Cybercriminals? Elon Musk Plans to Build a Human-AI Interface Free Newsletters from ECT News Network Don't Miss a Story. Get the Latest Headlines Delivered to Your Inbox. Tech News Flash Daily - View Sample E-Commerce Minute Daily - View Sample ECT News Network Weekly Newsletter - View Sample Editor's Pick - View Sample View All More by Richard Adhikari SugarCRM Trots Out Sugar 7.9 With Quotes HPE Unveils Huge Single-Memory Computer Prototype Veeva Offers Cross-Stack Customer Insights Raspberry Pi Fans Can Build Their Own AI Voice Assistant Google Neutralizes Docs Phishing Scam Salesforce Rejiggers Enterprise Apps Partner Plan Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts How worried are you about a global cyberwar? Extremely -- it could cost as many lives as conventional warfare. Very -- We're already engaged, and we're losing. Somewhat -- but I have confidence that the U.S. ultimately would prevail. Not very -- it could cause mass confusion but it wouldn't last long. Not at all -- if it helps us to avoid nuclear warfare, I'd welcome it. Vote to See Results E-Commerce Times Intertwining Artificial Intelligence With Blockchain Massive Ransomware Attack Reaps Meager Profits Federal First Responder Project Presents Juicy Telecom Opportunity Microsoft Bashes NSA Following Massive Ransomware Attacks Charter's Wireless Play British Hospitals, FedEx Among Thousands Hit by Ransomware Consumer WiFi Use: No Letup in Sight John Oliver's Viewers Flood FCC Site With Net Neutrality Concerns CRM Buyer SugarCRM Trots Out Sugar 7.9 With Quotes E-Commerce Gets the Einstein Treatment 3 Ways Your Sales Organization Should Prepare for AI Veeva Offers Cross-Stack Customer Insights Big Accounting Deal Nutshell CTO Andy Fowler: Good CRM Tools Stay Out of the Way Ecosystem Two-Dot-Oh Salesforce Rejiggers Enterprise Apps Partner Plan LinuxInsider Feren OS: A Linux Desktop Game-Changer Crate.io Packs New Features, Services Into DB Upgrade Google's New Mobile OS Will Have a Distinctly Non-Linux Hue The IoT's Scramble to Combat Botnets What Internet-Connected War Might Look Like Raspberry Pi Fans Can Build Their Own AI Voice Assistant A Taste of Linux From a Sample Disk Platter Ultimate Edition Linux: Rough Road to a Nice Destination TechNewsWorld Headlines TechNewsWorld Google Pushes AI, Machine Learning to the Front HPE Unveils Huge Single-Memory Computer Prototype Nintendo Readies Mario for E3 Spotlight Dell's 'Alice' Will Guide Women Through VC Wonderland Nvidia Embraces Deep Neural Nets With Volta Microsoft Debuts Smarter Cloud at Build Gadget Ogling: Amazon Gives Fashion Advice, Snacks Get Musical, and Coffee Tables Get Smart Amazon Adds Show to Echo's Tell Inside TechNewsWorld Applications Reinventing Online Marketplaces in the Cloud Report: Commercial Software Riddled With Open Source Code Flaws Kingsoft Adds Cloud Support to WPS Office Computing BlackBerry KEYone's Success Hinges on Physical Keyboard Longing Nintendo Drops New Portable on Market as Switch Sales Take Hold Linux's Big Bang: One Kernel, Countless Distros Data Management Federal Agencies Turn to Software-Defined Data Storage Blockchain: CRM's Next Frontier Dun & Bradstreet Marketing Database Exposed Emerging Tech AI Is Still in Its Formative Years Reasoning in CRM Our Sci-Fi Future: Silly vs. Terrifying Exclusives CloudCraze EVP Andrew Witherspoon: For Successful B2B, Set Aside Expectations EquiSeq CEO Lexi Palmer: Act Like You're Not Scared and Go at It Outreach CEO Manny Medina: Selling Success Hardware Flaw in Intel Chips Could Open Door to Botnet Armies Qualcomm May Seek iPhone Ban to Retaliate Against Apple Microsoft Aims to School Google With Education Onslaught Internet of Things Then and Now New Strain of Linux Malware Could Get Serious Next Downturn Could Have Silver Lining for IoT IT Leadership Clinton Issues Clarion Call to Boost Tech in the US Google's 'Area 120' Incubator Aims to Keep Innovation In-House A Dramatic 16 Years for 4 Tech Titans Mobile Tech Google Neutralizes Docs Phishing Scam Mobile Ubuntu Gamble to Fizzle Out in June Millions May Have Picked Up FalseGuide Malware at Google Play Store Science Salesforce, QuintilesIMS Team to Push New Therapies to Market Healthgrades' CareChats Aims to Tear Down Doctor-Patient Wall Facebook's Latest Moon Shot: I Think, Therefore I Type Spotlight Features The Grim Upward Trajectory of Mobile Fraud Risks Traversing the Social Media Minefield China's Business-Unfriendly Cybersecurity Stance Tech Buzz The Massive Unintended Consequences of Self-Driving Cars Apple May Be Prepping Siri for Smart Home Duty What People Don't Get About Tesla Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2017 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
x This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Continue if you are OK with this or read more in our privacy policy.  Home About Contact Subscribe Login Home News Discipline Copyright Trademarks Patents Jurisdiction Reports Directory Events Magazines 2017 Magazines IP Pages 2017 2017 Leaders 2016 Magazines Annual archive Leaders Subscribe Qualcomm sues four iPhone suppliers in Apple brawl 18-05-2017 AngiePhotos / iStockphoto.com Other related China to enhance IP cooperation, releases five-year plan 19-01-2017 Federal Circuit vacates PTAB decision on Apple touchscreen patent 04-01-2017 Apple loses data patent suit at Federal Circuit 15-02-2017 In the latest development of the Apple v Qualcomm royalties battle, semiconductor company Qualcomm has sued four Taiwan-based iPhone suppliers.  Filed at the US District Court for the Southern District of California yesterday, the suit alleged that the four companies, including Foxconn, an electronics contract manufacturer, had not paid royalties. The battle began in January this year, when Apple claimed Qualcomm had abused its monopoly in the mobile device market to gain unfair royalties from Apple’s inventions.  Apple alleged that it had been overcharged billions of dollars by Qualcomm. In order for Apple to purchase Qualcomm chips or obtain access to patents linked to a cellular standard, Qualcomm is allegedly demanding that third parties pay Qualcomm a royalty which is greater than the value of Qualcomm’s contribution. Qualcomm counterclaimed in April, arguing that Apple has attempted to force the semiconductor company to accept “less than fair value” for its IP.  In its latest complaint against the Taiwan-based suppliers, Qualcomm said that the defendants had a long-term licence agreement, which included royalty payments.  “Since the start of 2017, however, Apple has interfered with defendants’ long-standing payment obligations to Qualcomm,” said the claim. It alleged that Apple has withheld substantial payments from the defendants that it owes for Qualcomm royalties.  Qualcomm also alleged that Apple had directed Foxconn and the other suppliers not to make royalty payments to Qualcomm.  “Defendants have admitted that Apple is directing their breach, and Apple has admitted that it will continue to withhold Qualcomm royalties for the indefinite future,” said the suit.  Qualcomm is seeking an order that the defendants comply with the licence agreement, compensatory and consequential damages, and attorneys’ fees.  Did you enjoy reading this story? Sign up to our free daily newsletters and get stories like this sent straight to your inbox Qualcomm, Apple, royalties, iPhone, patent, monopoly, FTC, Editor's Picks Most read From forum-shopping to the UPC: 10 IP issues to watch in 2017 SCOTUS cheerleading decision brings sigh of relief for fashion innovators Impression v Lexmark: SCOTUS questions patent exhaustion rules Procter & Gamble sues oral goods business for patent infringement USITC investigates LG over graphics patent claim Nestlé loses TM battle with Cadbury over KitKat, again Jimi Hendrix’s brother looks to dismiss IP suit KitKat TM loss may be beginning of EU and UK divergence Miss Universe beauty pageant sues crown maker Jaguar Land Rover pounces on Puma trademark Sign up for the newsletter Newsletter Your email * Links Home News Directory About Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use Terms of Subscription WIPR Newton Media Ltd Kingfisher House 21-23 Elmfield Road Bromley BR1 1LT United Kingdom Email: info@newtonmedia.co.uk Follow @WorldIPReview Tweets by @WorldIPReview
msn back to msn home news web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines India Science & Tech Crime World Offbeat Photos Video President Trump Hot In News Specials Local My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health Food Travel Autos Video News Sections India World Science & Tech Photos My Topics Local First Apple iPhone SE with 'Made in India' tag may be available in May; WSJ sees $100 price cut The Financial Express FE Online 18 hours ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Three of a family beaten up, stabbed in case of road rage Chinese jets intercept US plane © image An Apple spokesperson told the Indian Express that, ''We are beginning initial production of a small number of iPhone SE. iPhone SE is the most powerful and popular smartphone with a 4-inch display in the world and Apple will start shipping to Indian customers in this month.'' Indian Express had earlier reported that Apple wanted to start iPhone's production run with the iPhone SE. In January Indian Express reported that an inter-ministerial committee panel had discussed if iPhone kits and consumables should be made duty free. Replay Video SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO (Video provided by Times of India) The first 'Made in India' Apple iPhones could be on display soon at a shop near you. Tech giant Apple has started manufacturing iPhone SEs in India at its unit in Bengaluru, according to an Indian Express report. It has been reported that the Wistron Corp has started manufacturing the first batch of trial smartphones, which will be built in limited quantities. The Wall Street Journal has reported that Karnataka Government officials have confirmed that iPhone manufacturer Wistron Corp has begun production of iPhone SE variant in Bengaluru. An Apple spokesperson told the Indian Express that, ''We are beginning initial production of a small number of iPhone SE. iPhone SE is the most powerful and popular smartphone with a 4-inch display in the world and Apple will start shipping to Indian customers in this month.? ALSO SEE: 40 billionaires giving away fortunes to save the world 40 billionaires giving away fortunes to save the world Indian Express had earlier reported that Apple wanted to start iPhone's production run with the iPhone SE. In January Indian Express reported that an inter-ministerial committee panel had discussed if iPhone kits and consumables should be made duty free. What needs to be seen is whether Apple will lower the price of the iPhone, as the 'Made in India' iPhones won't be subject to import duties levied on phones imported into India. The Wall Street Journal reported that the 'Made in India' smartphones may cost $100 less. The Indian Express report says, Wistron Corp, one of Apple?s manufacturing partners applied for permission to expand its Bengaluru plant and requested that its application be fast-tracked. The Karnataka Government had issued a press release confirming Apple?s plans of initial manufacturing operations in the state. ALSO SEE: The 30 companies with the best reputations The 30 companies with the best reputations Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment More From The Financial Express Layoffs: Gates' advice to techies The Financial Express Services set to get costlier after GST; here's how much it may cost The Financial Express Kaif, Sehwag's epic Twitter comeback over ICJ verdict on Jadhav The Financial Express The Financial Express More from Financial Express Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Terms of use About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Take MSN survey Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I am already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I am having problems with Top Destinations I am having issues with searching I am having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help and Support If you have any questions about MSN India, please contact our Grievance Officer at indiaGOMSN@microsoft.com | +91-11-46502222
Fast Company Newsletter Subscribe Technology Leadership Entertainment Ideas Video News fast company homepage technology leadership entertainment ideas video news co.Design homepage cities graphics innovation by design interactive product spaces collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly nfluential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Innovation Agents Profiles of the high-level business leaders behind progressive, creative, and innovative organizations Tech Forecast A roundup of breaking tech news, products, and services featuring the most important takeaways.Current Issue Current Issue SUBSCRIBE Follow us: advertisement advertisement 05.18.17 hit the ground running Diary Of An Ex-Microsoft Intern From design-challenge interview questions to creating a product that’s ready to ship in four months, this is what it’s like to intern for Microsoft. [Photo: jejim/iStock] By Michael Grothaus8 minute Read If there was one company that dominated computing in the latter part of the 20th century it was Microsoft. While Apple may have been first on several fronts, by the mid-90s a PC running Windows could be found in virtually every home and business in the country. But with Apple’s renaissance in the new millennium and other companies like Google and Facebook innovating on the internet and services front, Microsoft soon seemed to take a back seat to other “hot” companies of the day–especially when it came to recruiting talented developers. advertisement Yet in the past five years, that’s changed. Microsoft is increasingly being seen as an innovator again with products like its HoloLens, its Surface line of computers, and even Windows 10. This renaissance in Redmond has made the company a top choice to intern for, according to many students I spoke with.  Will Lawrence, currently a junior in International Economics at the University of British Columbia, told me what his internship at Microsoft (that just ended last month) was like. On His Internship Role At Microsoft My internship took place during the winter term of 2017, between January 7th – April 28th. I was 20 and a junior at the time. I was a User Experience (UX) Design Intern in the Microsoft Garage Internship program. The unique format of this internship creates teams of six interns–five developers and one UX Designer–to work on an experimental project for a Microsoft sponsor, like Azure, HoloLens, or Cortana. Over the course of the four-month internship, we were responsible for scoping our project, building it from scratch, and working with Microsoft stakeholders along the way. My role consisted of building the user experience for a conversational, artificial-intelligence project for our sponsor, Microsoft Teams. This included mapping user flows, writing dialogue, and a considerable amount of user testing. On How He Found The Opportunity A friend who completed a summer internship at Microsoft referred me in July. I took a few weeks to assemble my portfolio–a necessity for all aspiring designers. I spent long hours developing the stories behind each of my projects, paying special attention to the design process I executed for each one. After completing my portfolio, my friend submitted my details into the Microsoft referral program for a general UX design internship. By the middle of October, I got an email from a recruiter asking if I was available for either a winter (January-April) or summer (May-August) internship for the Vancouver Garage internship. I didn’t know anything about the Garage, but I told her I was available. On The Interview Process With Microsoft The interview consisted of two stages: the phone screening and the on-site interviews. The phone screen was 30 minutes long and nearly the entire interview was walking the recruiter through my design process on a single portfolio item. By the end of the call, she indicated that she would be interested in moving me forward to the on-site interview taking place a week later. This on-site portion consisted of one 15-minute portfolio presentation as well as four interviews. For the presentation portion, I discussed my unique story as a designer, a high-level overview of my portfolio, and an in-depth walk-through of two specific UX projects. Next was the four 45-minute interviews, each of which consisted of a design challenge like, “How would you design a phone for deaf people?” and a general design question, like “What is a design trend you like and why do you like it?” The interviewers were employees from various degrees of seniority across Microsoft, all of whom were very knowledgeable in the field. advertisement On The Qualities That Helped Him Score A Microsoft Internship I was really fortunate to get the internship, and there were three qualities that I think made me successful in the interview process. The first was that I had experience working closely with developers. This is a critical feature for this role given that your entire internship would be working with five developers to hit weekly milestones. The second quality was my background in project management. Having managed projects in two tech startups prior to this internship, I had demonstrated the ability to set agile development goals, prioritizing features, and working with a Scrum board–tasks that we ended up doing every day of the internship. Finally, I demonstrated communication skills, which are essential for the Garage program. As I soon found out, communicating through presentations and meetings became a major part of our internship, and that was a skill I brought to the table. On The Average Workday Of A Microsoft Intern My typical day could be broken down into four parts: team meetings, stakeholder meetings, design tasks, and hanging out with interns. We would start every day with a “standup” team meeting where we would talk about our progress the previous day and what we intended to work on today. At a separate team meeting, we would set weekly milestones for ourselves called “sprints.” After each of these sprints, we would have a “sprint retrospective,” where our team touched based on our progress and reflected on our mistakes. Next, we had one or two stakeholder meetings a day with either our project sponsor, program manager, or coaches. All of these people were very invested in our project and wanted us to succeed, so they offered their help wherever possible. I personally enjoyed these meetings because they allowed us to demonstrate progress and get feedback from people who were experienced with the product development cycle. Then came the actual work of designing my project. This was easily the best part, as I had complete creative freedom and great resources to get the job done. I organized my days into tackling one large task, like designing a logo, making a conversation dialogue tree, or user testing, because it let me maximize the amount of time I spent in a productive flow state. The type of tasks was constantly changing as the project continued to move along the product development cycle. This kept things interesting throughout the internship, as it forced me to work on tasks that were new and challenging. Finally, a large part of my internship was spending time with the 23 other interns in the Garage. I spent my fair share of time playing chess, foosball, or ping-pong during our breaks and going to new restaurants in downtown Vancouver for lunch. One of the best parts of the internship was that our office had a maker space stocked with 3D printers, laser cutters, drones, and all the latest tech. I found myself coming in on weekends to work on side projects or just play with the toys. On Some Of His Best Experiences As A Microsoft Intern We took a trip to Microsoft HQ in Redmond to demo our products to our entire sponsor division, including the corporate vice president, the leadership team, and about 300 full-time employees. At the end of the internship, we were able to have an internal release for our project. This was a big milestone for me because it was the first time that I had the ability to ship a legitimate product (i.e., not a hackathon project) to a real audience (i.e., not my mother). We also organized a ton of awesome weekend trips around British Columbia, including winter surfing in Tofino, snowboarding in Whistler, and a road trip through the Canadian Rockies in Banff National Park. On Whether Microsoft Could Improve Its Internship Experience The Garage internship is unique and is therefore not well suited for everyone. There are many talented developers or designers who may not succeed in this internship because it has a heavy focus on teamwork, project management, and independent decision-making. With that said, I think Microsoft needs to promote this internship more because I think it is a great learning experience for students who are interested in entrepreneurship and project management. advertisement On The Lasting Benefits Of A Microsoft Internship This internship has opened many doors for me, both inside and outside Microsoft. Interning at a company like Microsoft signals to others that you pass a certain bar of hard skills and aptitude, so people are generally more receptive to speaking with you when they know you’ve had the experience at a company like Microsoft. People were a lot more receptive to my cold emails and, as any student can tell you, this is a huge advantage when securing future jobs. Moreover, being exposed to how Microsoft operates is a huge asset when looking for future roles. Microsoft has high standards for their product development cycle, and I was, fortunately, able to learn more about these processes, which I feel makes me a better designer moving forward. For example, when releasing a product through the Microsoft Garage, products must go through compliance processes around Accessibility, Security, Privacy, and Global Readiness. Going through this procedure and understanding what is necessary to release a product at scale is very attractive to future employers. On What Others Could Do To Land An Internship At Microsoft Work on projects: Your academic work is close to irrelevant in the hiring process; I’m the perfect example of that–I’m studying International Economics, but got hired as a UX Designer. Microsoft only cares about the projects that you’ve worked on that demonstrate your abilities. Speaking specifically to design, build out your portfolio by going to hackathons, redesigning websites for companies you like, or reimagining the onboarding process for your favorite apps. Understand your value proposition: Understand your unique value proposition and play to it in your interviews. For example, I knew that my communication and project management skills were some of my strengths, so I continually referred to them throughout my interview. This will allow you to steer the conversation toward your strong suits and reinforce your key offerings. Practice behavioral interview questions: When people think of the recruiting process for tech firms, they focus almost exclusively on practicing for the technical portion of the interview. While this section is important, what separates mediocre candidates from great candidates is their ability to answer questions like “Tell me about yourself,” “Why Microsoft?” and “Tell me about a time you needed to work on a team.” The key when answering these questions is to be memorable–that means avoiding clichés and being honest. About the author Michael Grothaus is a novelist, freelance journalist, and former screenwriter represented worldwide by The Hanbury Literary Agency. His debut novel EPIPHANY JONES is out now from Orenda Books. More Fast Company Daily NewsletterSign Up Receive special Fast Company offersSee All Newsletters advertisement Related Stories Leadership Want To Live And Work Overseas? Take This Two-Week Trip First Leadership The Five Types Of Impostor Syndrome And How To Beat Them Leadership LinkedIn Data Reveals The Hottest Companies To Work For Right Now advertisement Video "Veep" And "House Of Cards" Are Both Becoming Scarily Real How The VP of Global Marketing At Facebook Got Her Start Serving Sandwiches At A Theater How WNYC Continues to Innovate and Create Social Change How This Novel Suitcase Makes You a Smarter (and Less Frustrated) Traveler Why the Upright Citizens Brigade Is Bringing Improv to the Workplace How School Of Doodle Is Paving The Way For Gen Z Women How The Product Designer For Facebook Stays Productive What's Your Creative Habit? How Tasty Became A Viral Facebook Sensation Why Tech Startups Shouldn't Rush To Go Public Why Bristol-Myers Squibb Has Cancer Patients and Survivors Talk To Staff This Suitcase Will Follow You Around In The Airport--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Jeff Garlin Had A Lot Of Odd Jobs That He Mostly Got Fired From Meet The Brooklyn-Based Company Making Women's Wear More "Dapper" Why "Groundhog Day" Unexpectedly Works As A Musical Ideas Ideas This Giant Smog Vacuum Cleaner In China Actually Works Ideas Solar Innovations Mean We Can Bring Power To The 1 Billion Who Still Live Without It Ideas Has This Silicon Valley Startup Finally Nailed The Indoor Farming Model? Entertainment Entertainment From Gawker to “Master”: How One Writer Made It to Aziz Ansari’s Show Entertainment Why That Epic Opening Scene In “Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2” Was the Toughest To Create Entertainment Use These 10 Creative Photography Hacks To Crush It On Instagram Co.Design Product The 9,000-Year-Old History Of Booze, In Photos Product This 3D-Knit Chair Is Made From A Single Piece Of Technical Fabric Interactive The Coolest New UI Features In Android O Fast Company Technology Google’s AI Chief On Teaching Computers To Learn–And The Challenges Ahead Ideas This Giant Smog Vacuum Cleaner In China Actually Works Technology Google’s WorldSense Will Free VR From The PC And Smartphone This Year Advertise Privacy Policy Terms Contact About Us Site Map Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC </noscript></body></html>
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Tech ‘First Billionaire In Hip Hop’ Dr. Dre Celebrates Beats Headphones Sale To Apple [VIDEO] Giuseppe Macri Tech Editor Giuseppe Macri12:20 PM 05/09/2014      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP After news broke late Thursday that Apple is working on a $3.2 billion deal to buy Beats Electronics, the developer behind the popular headphones of the same name, company co-founder and hip hop producer Dr. Dre, appeared in a video online and declared himself “the first billionaire in hip hop.” Actor Tyrese Gibson was apparently celebrating with Dre in the producer’s studio following the reports, and posted the video to his Facebook page. “They need to update the Forbes list,” Gibson said in the video referencing the magazine’s list of the world’s richest people, and described Dre as having joined the “billionaire boys club.” “In a big way — understand that,” Dre followed up. “The first billionaire in hip hop.” Though the expletive-rich video appears to show Dre celebrating the deal, he doesn’t explicitly reference or confirm the news. The post has since been taken down, but initially included the caption: “How did I end up in the studio with Dr Dre ON THE night his deal went public that he did with Apple 3.2 BILLION!!!!! The BEATS HEADPHONES JUST CHANGED HIP HOP!!!!!!” WATCH: The New York Times, Wall Street Journal and Financial Times reported the story Thursday citing sources briefed on the talks. Beats by Dre headphones‘ annual sales revenues have reportedly gone up to $1.5 billion since the company was founded with music executive Jimmy Iovine began selling headphones in 2008. The deal would include the new Beats Music streaming service, which Apple is likely acquiring to compete with streaming services like Pandora and Spotify after the company’s iTunes Radio failed to impress the industry. Apple’s revenue growth has declined sharply in recent years, and the company only entered the broadly popular streaming market last year — late because of former CEO Steve Jobs’ reported unfavorable opinion of music subscription services. The company continues to be the largest seller of music downloads, but is losing market share to companies like Amazon. Purchasing Beats would mark Apple’s largest acquisition ever. The headphones retail between about $169.95 to $449.95, depending on model and features, and despite many music and sound industry experts describing their quality as “extraordinarily bad,” the brand has become enormously popular as a fashion item among a younger consumer base, and the popular alternative to standard earbuds models. Beats’ success is due in large part to its wide profit margins – despite the steep prices of the popular bass-heavy headphone models, each individual unit reportedly only costs around $14 to produce. Private equity firm Carlyle Group invested $500 million in Beats last year, and valued the company at more than $1 billion. Neither Apple nor Beats would comment on the deal in the original reports, and the briefed sources said they were still in the negotiation stage. Though the companies have yet to consummate the agreement, and it could still fall through, if things go as planned the official announcement could be made as early as next week. Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook. Tags: Apple, Beats, Dr. Dre Hide Comments   Show 1466 comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Welcome to Rappler, please select your default country:   Philippines   Indonesia Go! PhilippinesIndonesia Coupons   Rappler Shop Login to Rappler Login to Rappler using your social account: Already have a Rappler Account? Login or Register to create one. Home News Philippines #PHvote 2016 World #BalikBayan Science & Nature Video Newscast Shows Reports Documentary Specials Business Economy Brighter Life Industries Money Features Specials Newsbreak Investigative In-depth Rappler IQ Inside Track Flashback Rich Media MovePH Issues #Agos #BudgetWatch #HungerProject Community IMHO Views Thought Leaders iSpeak Rappler Blogs #AnimatED Life & Style Food Career Travel Specials #PugadBaboy Entertainment Entertainment News Movies Music Special Coverage Sports Boxing Basketball Football Other Sports University Sports Tech News Features Reviews Hands on Social Media BrandRap Finance & Industries Health & Self Lifestyle Tech & Innovation Advertise X Jobs Coupons Rappler Shop News Philippines #PHvote 2016 World #BalikBayan Science & Nature Video Newscast Shows Reports Documentary Specials Business Economy Brighter Life Industries Money Features Specials Newsbreak Investigative In-depth Rappler IQ Inside Track Flashback Rich Media MovePH Issues #Agos #BudgetWatch #HungerProject Community IMHO Views Thought Leaders iSpeak Rappler Blogs #AnimatED Life & Style Food Career Travel Specials #PugadBaboy Entertainment Entertainment News Movies Music Special Coverage Sports Boxing Basketball Football Other Sports University Sports Tech News Features Reviews Hands on Social Media BrandRap Finance & Industries Health & Self Lifestyle Tech & Innovation Advertise X ABOUT RAPPLER Welcome to Rappler, a social news network where stories inspire community engagement and digitally fuelled actions for social change. Rappler comes from the root words "rap" (to discuss) + "ripple" (to make waves). Read more Rappler's 2013 Board Privacy Statement Contact Us Rappler's Founding Board Terms of Use Advertise With Us Rappler Team Rappler Indonesia Team Comment Moderation Policy Archives Job Openings OTHER CONTENT #PHVote 2016 • Philippine News • Weather Forecast Philippines • Pugad Baboy • Typhoon Haiyan (Yolanda) • Pork Barrel Scam • Disaster Preparedness • Disaster Response • Disaster Recovery • Manny Pacquiao • The Hunger Project • Travel Philippines • UAAP • FOI bill • Charter Change • Indonesia News • Gilas Pilipinas • Jejomar Binay • Makati City • #ProjectAgos • Typhoon Ruby (Hagupit) • AirAsia flight QZ8501 • Pope Francis Quotes • Miss Universe• Facebook down • Travel in the Philippines • Places to visit in the Philippines • Philippine holidays • Join the #PHVote Challenge! Go! LATEST NEWS PH defense officials turn to fables in Balikatan closing Inside Track WATCH: Pahiyas Festival 2017 PH Travel Which countries have the best healthcare? Life & Health Berita hari ini: Jumat, 19 Mei 2017 The wRap Shabu lab found in Chinese-owned mining site in Cagayan Philippines Smoking ban, Ano, Trump | Midday wRap Editor's Pick China's Xi calls for South Korea ties to get back on track Asia Pacific Going on a Pampanga food trip? Try these potato dishes Travel, Food and Lifestyle WATCH: Rappler's 24-minute gameplay session with 'Destiny 2' Tech Features "Contekan" Ezra Walian demi menghapal Indonesia Raya Olahraga View more stories Tech News In battle of digital assistants, Google heads to Apple turf From mobile-first, Google shifts to an AI-first approach, looking to rethink all their products and apply machine learning to solve problems Agence France-Presse @afp Published 11:39 AM, May 18, 2017 Updated 11:40 AM, May 18, 2017 ASSISTANT ON APPLE. Google's voice-enabled AI helper heads to iPhones. Pictured is an artist's rendition and not the actual appearance of the software on the iPhone. CALIFORNIA, US – Google announced Wednesday, May 17, US time, it was bringing its digital assistant to Apple iPhones as part of its effort to win the battle with tech rivals on artificial intelligence. At its annual developers conference at an outdoor concert-venue near its main campus in Mountain View, California, Google unveiled its vision for computing centered around artificial intelligence. "We are now witnessing a new shift in computing: the move from a mobile-first to an AI-first world," Google chief executive Sundar Pichai said during an opening presentation. "It is forcing us to reimagine our products for a world that allows a more natural, seamless way of interacting with technology." Those interactions, for Google, include using artificial intelligence to let people engage computers conversationally, have software anticipate needs, and let smartphone cameras "recognize" what they see. "In an AI-first world, we are rethinking all of our products and applying machine learning to solve problems," Pichai said. Google Assistant, the center of its AI efforts, is in a fierce battle with rivals such as Amazon's Alexa, Microsoft Cortana and Apple's Siri to be the top choice for use in smartphones as well as connected homes, cars and a range of other devices. Artificial intelligence is being woven into Google's free Gmail service, used by more than a billion people, for features such as suggesting responses to messages. For example, opening an email containing an invitation to dinner might trigger a prompt to reply "I'm in." Smartphones get eyes Google machine vision capabilities are being used to enable services such as recognizing who is in pictures and what they are doing as well as translate languages in signs viewed through smartphone cameras, demonstrations showed. Advanced "Lens" features are being added first to the Google Photo application, which is available free. Aiming a smartphone camera at a flower will prompt it to be identified; while aiming it at a complex password and hotspot name on a router will let it automatically log into the wireless connection, demonstrations showed. Google also unveiled a second-generation computer chip it designed specifically to improve cloud computing capabilities in data centers. "We want Google Cloud to be the best cloud for machine learning," Pichai said. He described the internet giant's core search service and its Google Assistant as the company's most important AI products. Google Assistant, introduced last year, is now on more than 100 million devices, according to the team's vice president of engineering Scott Huffman. "We are really starting to crack the hard computer challenge of conversationality," Huffman said. "Soon, with Google Lens, your assistant will be able to have a conversation about what you see." Google used the conference to announce a software kit that will let developers build Assistant capabilities into robots, applications, and other computerized creations. Google also announced enhancements to its Home personal assistant, adding abilities such as hands free telephone calls and acting as speakers for wireless audio. Android gets lean Developers cheered when talk turned to Google-backed mobile operating system Android. Google announced that more than two billion devices powered by Android software are used monthly in a freshly passed milestone. The coming version of Android, referred to simply as "O" for the time being, will also have boosted artificial intelligence features along with enhanced security, executives showed. Google is also crafting a lighter version of Android, referred to as "Go," designed for maximum performance on low-cost, entry-level smartphones in developing countries where internet bandwidth is lean or expensive. Google said that while it is happy with the momentum of its Daydream virtual reality platform based on using smartphone as screens in headsets, it is working with partners on stand-alone virtual reality gear. Partners in the endeavor include Vive-maker HTC and Lenovo, according to Google virtual reality team vice president Clay Bavor. Videos of the presentations and speeches from Google's I/O conference can be watched here. – Rappler.com Filed under:Android Go•Android O•Google•Google Android•Google Assistant•Sundar Pichai•tech summits•Google I/O HOW DOES THIS STORY MAKE YOU FEEL? Happy Sad Angry Don't Care Inspired Afraid Amused Annoyed Back These stories made other people Check them out! × Would you like to share your vote? ABOUT RAPPLER Welcome to Rappler, a social news network where stories inspire community engagement and digitally fuelled actions for social change. Rappler comes from the root words "rap" (to discuss) + "ripple" (to make waves). Read more Rappler's Founding Board Rappler's 2014-2016 Board Rappler Team Rappler Indonesia Team Job Openings Archives X Join The #PHVote Challenge! Privacy statement Terms of Use Comment moderation Policy Advertise With Us Contact Us SECTIONS #PHvote 2016 News Video Business Newsbreak MovePH Views Life & Style Entertainment Sports Tech Live BrandRap Weather in the Philippines Disasters Travel destinations Coupons Jobs COMMUNITY Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Storify Flickr Instagram Android iOS Windows × Log In with your Rappler Account Email: Password: Cancel Submit × Register for a RAPPLER Account Fields with * are required. Thank You. View your profile page here OR Click close to continue. Email: Password: First Name: Last Name: Birthday: (YYYY-MM-DD) City/Municipality: Province: Gender: Select gender Male Female Contact Number: School/Work: Subscriptions I want to subscribe to the Rappler daily wRap I want to be a Project Agos volunteer Terms & Conditions I agree to the Rappler terms and conditions below: Privacy Statement Site Use Policy Comment Moderation Policy Cancel Submit × Update your information Fields with * are required. Thank You. You have successfully updated your account. First Name: Last Name: Email: Birthday: (YYYY-MM-DD) City/Municipality: Province: Gender: Select gender Male Female Contact Number: School/Work: Cancel Submit
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter tech US world science US politics business more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › tech home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Windows Phone Ask Jack Is it still worth buying a Windows phone? Mike is a happy Windows smartphone user and wants to upgrade to the latest operating system. Is this wise, or is the phone going the way of the BlackBerry? ‘I’m happy with Windows phones, but what’s happening with them? Will they go the way of BlackBerry?’ Photograph: Morris MacMatzen/Reuters Windows Phone Ask Jack Is it still worth buying a Windows phone? Mike is a happy Windows smartphone user and wants to upgrade to the latest operating system. Is this wise, or is the phone going the way of the BlackBerry? Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Jack Schofield Thursday 18 May 2017 07.31 EDT Last modified on Thursday 18 May 2017 07.32 EDT I’ve been using a Microsoft Lumia 640 for the past couple of years and like it a lot. It works well with OneDrive and other Microsoft stuff, and was excellent value too! Looking to upgrade to Windows 10 Mobile, I see there is no longer much choice of phones. I fancy the Lumia 650 and could splash out on a 950, but is this wise? I had an Android phone before that, which gradually ground to a halt, and my daughter uses iPhones, but they aren’t for me. I’m happy with Windows phones, but what’s happening with them? Will they go the way of BlackBerry? Mike Microsoft hasn’t launched a new Windows smartphone model for more than a year. However, it hasn’t given up on its smartphone operating system, so there may still be smartphones from other manufacturers. In fact, the best Windows 10 smartphone you can buy today, the HP Elite X3, is a third-party device. Fortunately, you don’t have to buy a new phone to run Windows 10. Your Lumia 640 shipped with Windows 8.1 v2 (aka Denim), but it should run Windows 10 reasonably well, and Microsoft provides a free upgrade online. The free upgrade also works with the Lumia 1520, 930, 830, 735, 640XL, 635, 535 and 435 smartphones. In fact, you could go one step further and enrol in the Windows Insider test program. This offers Windows 10 free on a wider range of hardware, including the Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL, Xiaomi Mi4 and several BLU Win smartphones. Ideally, installing and updating Windows 10 should enable you to keep using your current phone until we see what happens with Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 835 towards the end of this year and in early 2018. The future is Snapdragon In December, Microsoft said it was going to release a full version of Windows 10 for the fast eight-core Snapdragon 835 processor. Unlike earlier Windows phones and Windows RT tablets, this will run traditional Windows software, such as Adobe Photoshop, as well as Windows Store apps. Traditional Windows software is written for Intel x86 processors, not for the ARM chips used in most smartphones. However, new devices based on the Snapdragon 835 will “transpile” binary Intel code into ARM code on the fly via a sort of emulation layer. This approach is similar to the FX!32 that Digital Equipment Corporation used to run Windows programs on its Alpha processor in 1996. It’s also like Transitive’s QuickTransit program, which Apple licensed to run old Mac software when it switched from IBM PowerPC to Intel processors. (Apple called it Rosetta.) Like other Snapdragon chips, the 835 is designed for mobile phones such as Sony’s Xperia XZ, so it includes LTE and Bluetooth communications. Microsoft aims to enable PC manufacturers to create connected Windows 10 laptops with all-day battery life, but the 835 could power Windows 10 smartphones and Microsoft HoloLens headsets as well. Microsoft already has Continuum, which enables a Windows 10 smartphone to provide a PC-like interface on a large screen display, but that only works with apps. I’d buy a full Windows 10 smartphone just to get the same operating system on all my devices: desktop, laptop, tablet and smartphone. Ecosystem wars Facebook Twitter Pinterest Nokia Lumia 640 Windows phone. Photograph: Microsoft You say that your Lumia 640 “works well with OneDrive and other Microsoft stuff”. Microsoft wants Apple iPhone and Android users to say exactly the same thing. Last week, Microsoft announced plans for the next major version of Windows 10, the Fall Creators Update, at its developers’ conference in Seattle. This includes new features to enable “Windows experiences [to] move with you across Windows, iOS, and Android”. In particular, Microsoft is integrating Cortana, its intelligent assistant, into these operating systems to help users to work seamlessly on documents when they switch between devices. As I’ve been saying for a couple of years, the “platform wars” (between Windows, Mac, Linux etc) are over. The current battle is between the three major ecosystems backed by Apple, Google and Microsoft. In an earlier answer, I wrote that: “Apple’s approach is mostly ‘Apple only’ (apart from iTunes), while Google’s is mostly ‘cloud only’ (apart from Chrome). Both support only a very limited range of devices. By contrast, Microsoft is building an ecosystem that supports both on-premise and cloud operation, and that runs across all three ecosystems: it has dozens of apps for Android and Apple’s iOS, and is increasing its support for Linux in Windows 10 and Azure. Windows runs on everything from USB sticks, games consoles and smartphones to giant server farms, and there’s an internet of things version for the Raspberry Pi and other devices.” Either way, Microsoft’s long-term strategy is to make money from Azure cloud services such as Office 365 and Dynamics 365. It must cater for billions of iOS and Android users, not just Windows users. Phone choices As you have noticed, there are not many Windows smartphones available. That problem could be solved by third-party manufacturers such as HP, Acer, HTC and BLU Win, but I don’t have much confidence in that happening, unless the Snapdragon 835 restarts the hardware business. As it is, the Lumia 650, 950 and 950XL are your best choices, and the 650 is good value at £140-£150. It was launched in the UK on 18 February last year, so it’s only seven months older than the iPhone 7. Unfortunately, the 650 isn’t more powerful than your 640. The main differences are that it has 16GB of storage instead of 8GB, and that it has a nicer OLED screen. The 950 and 950XL are improvements, but cost more than twice as much. Worse, I don’t know of any other good Windows smartphones on the way. There’s the long-rumoured Microsoft Surface Phone, of course, but if it exists, it will be expensive and aimed more at business users – something like the HP Elite X3, perhaps. In fact, the next phone to arrive in Microsoft’s US stores will be the Samsung Galaxy S8 Microsoft Edition. This Android phone will be customised with Microsoft apps when you take it online. You could just buy an Android phone and do this yourself. Either way, if you like using a Windows smartphone, there’s no reason to change unless you have to. I consulted fellow journalist Mary Branscombe, who is another happy user. She said: “It’s not the thing Microsoft is putting the most effort into, but it’s not going away, and if it’s what you like, it’s fine to stick with it. I am!” Have you got a question? Email it to Ask.Jack@theguardian.com Topics Windows Phone Ask Jack Microsoft Computing Mobile phones Smartphones Telecoms features Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Technology › Windows Phone back to top tech US world science US politics business more become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs Mac Desktops MacBooks Displays Networking Storage iPhone/iPad OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses Mac Desktops MacBooks Displays Networking Storage Home Macs The Macalope By The Macalope, Macworld | May 18, 2017 4:00 AM PT Opinion That special sauce: Future Apple products are always bad news Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. More like this Tested: The truth behind the MacBook Pro's 'terrible' battery life For exaggerated effect: Surveys don’t change sales Which Mac should you buy? Video MacBook Pro review: The Touch Bar bridges the gap between iPad and Mac Apple is expected to announce new things at WWDC next month so, quick, to the “Why you will hate Apple’s WWDC announcements” machine! Writing for the Forbes contributor network and large animal husbandry research center, Curtis Silver has read Bloomberg’s report on Apple’s supposed plans for laptop announcements for you! So convenient! “Apple May Announce Immediately Outdated MacBooks Next Month At WWDC.” (Tip o’ the antlers to Philip Speicher.) Why read Bloomberg when you can read Forbes and… uh… and… uhhhh… ummm… Uh, the Macalope has really nothing there. He started typing that sentence thinking he’d surely think of something by the end of it but, nope. Seems like the kind of thing you’d edit out, right? And, yet, here’s the Macalope still typing and just leaving it sitting up there. Very strange. Any-way… The universe always finds a way to balance itself out. You ever, like… just look at your hand, dude? Not to be left out of the computing conversation this year, it appears Apple… They were so close to being left out. …will finally be updating its laptop lineup next month at WWDC. Apple is most likely looking to compete with that soft, luxurious Surface Laptop from Microsoft… [Microsoft presenter steeples his fingers, pauses for dramatic effect] “What if your laptop… was stainable?” I would say that Apple is also making sure to stay competitive with Google, but Chromebooks are just paperweights you can watch porn on. Wait, that’s why they’re so popular in education?! What is going on in our schools?! According to a Bloomberg report, Apple is planning three new laptops. The MacBook Pro, which hasn't been updated in a few years… Well, yes. Except for seven months ago when it got a huge update, it has not been updated in a few years. Correct. Please continue. "Look at me," says one area MacBook user. "I'm the moron who bought a $3,000 MacBook Pro in December and it's already getting an update six months later." “Pro Users Angry At Apple’s Weak MacBook Pro Offering.” [Apple updates MacBook Pro] “Pro Users Angry Apple Has Improved MacBook Pro.” Hey, the Macalope bought a new MacBook Pro in December, too. Sure, it can be annoying, but sometimes that’s the way it goes. And, despite what people seem to think, releasing an updated device does not immediately turn the one you bought into a useless piece of garbage. Sure, that touch bar on the MacBook Pro is pretty cute, but when $400 Microsoft 10 S laptops are coming out in November with Core i9 processors (I'm wildly speculating on release dates for the i9)… Well, as long as you’re speculating in such a way that it benefits Microsoft! …will it really matter? That scenario seems wildly optimistic in more ways than one (most laptops that cheap currently run an i5 at best), but do $400 laptops with a hamstrung operating system compete with the MacBook Pro? No, they don’t. While there are a multitude of reasons these things don't sync up, it seems that if Apple was content on waiting this long to upgrade its hardware, it could have waited a little bit longer to actually have the top of the line processor in its fancy little machines. We don’t know for sure that Apple is doing this, we don’t know for sure when the i9 is coming, Apple has been widely criticized for being slow to satisfy pro users, but let’s just hope this bouillabaisse of predicted fail drowns out the taste of all these assumptions. The secret is in the sauce. To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Macs Macalope Apple MacBook Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacOS Sierra You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 19, 2:48 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple Music Might Soon Cut Down On Delivering Exclusives By Ken Manbert Salcedo On 05/18/17 AT 7:12 AM Close Apple Music executive and co-founder of Beats Jimmy Iovine recently sat down for an interview revealing some of the tech giants plans for its music business. Iovine defended Apple Music’s paid-only model, while also saying that they will soon be moving away from providing exclusive albums. “The fact is that 'free' in music streaming is so technically good and ubiquitous that it's stunting the growth of paid streaming,” Iovine told Music Business Worldwide. “It blew my mind that the day after I walked out on stage [to announce Apple Music at WWDC 2015], YouTube mobile was licensed.” The Apple Music executive also said that because of streaming services offering its “freemium” model, a lot of musicians now feel that there’s very little money in recording music. He also says that some musicians now use their music simply for promotion to get exposure, sell tickets and make money from their other merchandise. “If Apple Music has a free tier we would have 400m people on it. That would make my job real easy, Iovine remarked. “But we believe artists should get paid. That’s why I went to Apple.” “Artists are getting screwed. Period. I don’t see how anybody stands behind it. It’s all of our responsibility to change it.” Spotify remains the top music streaming service with over 50 million paying customers. Apple Music is trying to catch up, but the last reported number of paying users it has was only over 20 million as of February 2017. This is also why Iovine decided to work with Apple’s Eddy Cue, Tim Cook and Steve Jobs, because they all follow the same philosophy. He also said that he believes that paying subscribers should be “advantaged.” This one of the reasons why Apple Music is now focusing on delivering original video content as well, according to Apple Insider. “Two things have to happen: free has to become more difficult or restricted, and the paid services have to get better." The Apple Music executive was also asked about exclusives, and it looks like the company is slowly moving away from that. “We tried it. We’ll still do some stuff with the occasional artist. The labels don’t seem to like it and ultimately it’s their content,” Iovine said. Right now, Apple is now focusing on its exclusive video content, and Iovine says that they’re putting a lot of money into that. Apple Music’s initial strategy was to deliver exclusive albums from the likes of Drake, Frank Ocean and Chance the Rapper. The problem with exclusives is that record labels, artists and fans can’t seem to agree on whether the practice is good for everyone. With Iovine’s recent statements, it seems like Apple has been pressured by music labels to cutdown on delivering exclusives. The Wall Street Journal reported back in 2016 that labels weren’t so optimistic about albums being streamed exclusively on some services. The record labels felt that it could hurt the total streaming numbers of an album. This could then result in lost revenue for labels, according to The Verge. Apple Music might cut down on delivering exclusive albums. Photo: REUTERS/Regis Duvignau Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories SoundCloud Users Can Now Build Their Own Music Discovery Playlists Tidal Co-Owner Jay Z Takes Down His Albums From Apple Music and Spotify Recommended Business Uber Wanted To Partner With Tesla, But Musk Said No Travis Kalanick, CEO of the ride-hailing company, called Tesla CEO Elon Musk to propose a self-driving partnership between the two companies, a new book says. Technology Google Assistant To Be Installed On 1 Billion Devices By 2021: Report AI-based voice assistants will be installed on 7.5 billion devices by 2021, the report says. World Third Largest Dwarf Planet Also Has A Moon The largest unnamed body in the solar system provisionally called 2007 OR10, is one of the nine known dwarf planets, and is located in the Kuiper Belt beyond Neptune. National Kushner Called Lockheed CEO To Cut THAAD Cost For Saudi Arabia Jared Kushner’s call to the Lockheed CEO was a part of his effort to secure an arms deal worth about $110 billion with Saudi Arabia ahead of the president’s official trip to the kingdom Friday. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Bingo Sun Gifts £9.50 Hols Superdays News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz News Living Money Motors Travel Tech Sun Bets Sun Bingo All Tech All Tech Science Phones & Gadgets Gaming BIG PHONE-Y Have images of the Apple iPhone 8 been leaked? Snaps that ‘reveal smartphone’s final design’ divide fans Leakster claims to have seen the top secret iPhone... but is this really the final design? By Margi Murphy 18th May 2017, 11:23 am Updated: 18th May 2017, 2:47 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments APPLE fans went into meltdown when “new pictures” of the iPhone design were leaked online yesterday evening. But it’s been claimed the latest pictures claiming to be the iPhone 8 (which you can see in the tweets below) show a previous mock-up released just weeks ago. The very first actual images of the iPhone 8 (prototype) via @BGR pic.twitter.com/LIIpS3ChPX — Safwan Ahmedmia (@SuperSaf) May 17, 2017 Yesterday, technology website BGR claimed to reveal “the world’s first look at Apple’s final iPhone 8 design in real life”. But it was later claimed the images were the work of a graphic designer Benjamin Geskin, who claimed to have been handed pictures from Apple manufacturer Foxconn, which showed what the iPhone might look. Geskin took to Twitter to claim the pics showed the same “dummy model” he showed off one month ago. "The very first real life pictures of #iPhone8 " What?! This is the same dummy model I showed one month ago! https://t.co/Q0aY8j8hU1 — Benjamin Geskin (@VenyaGeskin1) May 17, 2017 iPhone 8 Dummy (This is CNC model according to Foxconn) Back is 2.5D Glass.#iPhone8 #iPhoneX #iPhoneEdition pic.twitter.com/Z8mH7b7z4r — Benjamin Geskin (@VenyaGeskin1) April 23, 2017 MOST READ IN TECH AND SCIENCE SOLAR SHIELD Nasa thinks a man-made 'bubble' of energy surrounding Earth could protect us from solar storms PATCHING THINGS UP After the global WannaCry cyber attack here's how you can protect your PC from ransomware WORLD'S DEADLIEST WEATHER Tornadoes, lightning and HUGE hailstones... scientists reveal the most devastating weather disasters in history VIRTY WEEKEND Virtual reality porn could be available in thousands of European hotels room within six months ready to update Android reveals the brand new features that will be available on its updated software 'WE'D LIKE TO HELP' Instagram issues warning about Blue Whale suicide game - but lets users see self harm pics anyway TECH IT OUT! From free AirPods for every buyer and rumours of 'leaked photos', these are the latest details for the iPhone 8 EYES IN THE SKY Formula 1 bosses fear ISIS will attack crowds with bomber drones - but have 'massive nets' to nab them Are aliens real? These unsolved space mysteries could PROVE extraterrestrials are out there somewhere HYPERLOOP FOR THE UK? Britain may be first in Europe to get 500mph Hyperloop One train which would take 30 mins from London to Edinburgh CRY ME A RIVER Attackers behind 'wake-up call' WannaCry attack send new chilling message to its victims 'THEY COME IN PEACE' Former Nasa astronaut 'claims the Pope knows aliens exist and want to help humans, Wikileaks reveals' HACKING BACK Another major cyber-attack is already underway and it could dwarf last week's hacks, experts claim ROBOT ROMPS After the launch of the realistic Harmony sex robot... all you need to know about sex dolls GIZMOGEDDON? Could the Apple iPad Pro FINALLY make one of the most annoying bits of technology redundant? LIGHTNING POD Britain may be the first in Europe to get 500mph train - here's the lowdown on the Hyperloop One MYSTERY ARTEFACT Google Doodle celebrates 115th anniversary of the world's 'first computer' END OF THE WORLD Mystery planet Nibiru will smash into the Earth in OCTOBER ending human life, claims conspiracy theorist PERVERT-UAL REALITY Would you wear a virtual reality helmet during SEX? Porn firm says tech can spice up romps It’s not clear whether the pictures are legitimate or not, or if Apple has even decided on its final design. But the new photos reflect the current speculation about what’s to come with the next Apple release. Gossips have previously claimed the iPhone 8 will be a huge update which will feature a cool OLED infinity screen. Rumours are still swirling over new features like a 3D camera, an infinity screen to rival the Samsung S8 and free AirPods for every buyer. BENJAMIN GESKIN/IDROPNEWS 2 Graphic designer Geskin created concept images of the iPhone 8 BENJAMIN GESKIN/IDROPNEWS 2 iDropNews created the concept designs that include the rumoured infinity screen Geskin has created several concepts of what might be in store. predict that the virtual home button will feature a fingerprint sensor and accept and decline buttons for when someone calls. His designs predict that the virtual home button will feature a fingerprint sensor and accept and decline buttons for when someone calls. Where the menu bar once was will be a virtual function area where you can toggle music and apps. The hidden feature that lets you swipe backwards on an iPhone calculator We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368   The Sun Topics iPhone 8 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Popular Latest ROCK LEGEND DEAD Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell committed suicide by hanging himself in his hotel room, officials say News Exclusive anth in her pants Telly veteran Anthea Turner, 56, says she still 'gets her t**s out' and 'loves a s**g' as she urges older women to open up about sex TV & Showbiz VERY HOT YOGA Saucy TV host Jenny Scordamaglia strips completely NAKED to show off her yoga skills News FAMILY UNIT Singer Chris Cornell paid tribute to wife of 13 years Vicky Karayiannis just days before his death Living Exclusive LIAM OPENS HIS HEART 1D star Liam Payne reveals moment he feared Cheryl was going to DUMP him - and how he had a crush on her at just 14 TV & Showbiz A TO Z FOR YOUR V From BLOW DRYING it to vagina workouts, the 11 things you NEED to know about your lady bits Living HOL LOTTA STYLE Holly Willoughby swaps This Morning glamour for skintight jeans as she shows off amazing figure TV & Showbiz Warning 'YOU WERE MEANT TO KILL ME!' Drug-crazed US Navy veteran ploughs into pedestrians in Times Square killing girl, 18, and injuring 22 before being tackled by cops in murder-suicide bid News Revealed HOLY COW That red liquid that oozes out of your steak isn’t blood at all… here’s what it REALLY is Living Exclusive ONLY WAY IS EXES Pete Wicks confirms relationship with Megan McKenna is over after the 'worst Towie series ever' TV & Showbiz NOT THRONE IDLE Princess Eugenie denies she's lazy after claims that she took off HALF of her first 10 weeks in new job TV & Showbiz Pictured AND HE'S WON IT Ander Herrera bags player of the year award at Man United's lavish end of season bash hosted by Rachel Riley Football Exclusive 'NOT A COACH' Tony Adams: Arsene Wenger couldn't coach his way out of a paper bag... and Arsenal blocked me returning FOUR times Football PICTURE PERFECT The pictures that prove just how big a fan Kim Kardashian, Vicky Pattison and Ariel Winter are of the 'Airbrush Diet' TV & Showbiz AN OFFER HE CAN'T REFUSE Legendary WWE icon CM Punk offered staggering $1m to make a one-off return to the ring Sport Just Published SOLAR SHIELD Nasa thinks a man-made 'bubble' of energy surrounding Earth could protect us from solar storms Tech WORLD'S DEADLIEST WEATHER Tornadoes, lightning and HUGE hailstones... scientists reveal the most devastating weather disasters in history Tech LOOSE CLICKS SINK BRITS Scammers using fake BT email offering 'cure' for WannaCry virus to swindle innocent Brits Tech ready to update Android reveals the brand new features that will be available on its updated software Tech A LITTLE BIRD TOLD ME Take the 'secret' Twitter personality test to find out how much the social network knows about you Tech TECH IT OUT! From free AirPods for every buyer and rumours of 'leaked photos', these are the latest details for the iPhone 8 Tech CONTROL YOUR EMOJIS Google sounds death knell for rubbish blob emojis that nobody can understand - and will offer similar ones to Apple Tech VIRTY WEEKEND Virtual reality porn could be available in thousands of European hotels room within six months Tech Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Shop iPhone iOS 10.3 Jailbreak Is Still Possible but Release Uncertain By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on May 18, 2017 07:32 PM It has been more than two days since Apple released the latest version of iOS 10.3. And until now, the jailbreaking community is still waiting on the promise made by the Pangu team. A few weeks before the release, Pangu announced that it will release the iOS 10.3 jailbreak tool after Apple releases the latest iOS version. The new version of iOS has already come and gone but the jailbreak tool is still nowhere to be found. Although the hacking team has already showed the public that is has indeed succeeded in creating an iOS 10.3 jailbreak tool, it still insists on delaying its release. This led some to believe that Pangu never really had the tool in the first place and that it is now being controlled by Apple itself. This is, in fact, one of the latest conspiracy theory around the jailbreaking community. For some reasons, a few avid jailbreaking fans think that the most prominent team in the community is now being paid by Apple to further its plans. According to an article from 1 Red Drop, Pangu’s iOS 10.3 jailbreak tool announcement could be a plot to get users to upgrade to iOS 10.3. And once the upgrade is done, there is no way of going back. iPhone 7 (via apple.com) For those who are unaware, jailbreaking an iOS device relies heavily on the previous iteration of the OS as a fall back. Some jailbreaking tool will require users to upgrade or downgrade to a certain version of iOS before proceeding with the jailbreaking process. With the absence of an older version of the mobile OS, jailbreaking would be next to impossible. This is why Apple almost immediately stops signing older iOS versions once the new one gets released. Going back on the conspiracy theory, it claims that Apple is incentivizing the Pangu team to help the company secure users and get them to upgrade to iOS 10.3. Once done, it will be less likely for users to jailbreak their devices especially when it stops signing the older version of the OS. Furthermore, the plot is said to put an end to the jailbreaking community altogether. It also claimed that, like Luca Todesco, the team is also possibly included in Apple’s Bug Bounty program. Be that as it may, there will definitely a new comer that will spring out of nowhere. The only thing is, we may never know when exactly that will happen. As for fans of the Pangu jailbreaking tool, let us all put out fingers crossed and hope that it will still get release sometime in the future. For more updates on iOS 10.3 jailbreak, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also read: iPad Mini No More: Apple Reported to Discontinue iPad Mini in Favour of Redesigned iPad Pro iOS 10.3 Jailbreak Is Still Possible but Release Uncertain May 18th, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:featured, iOS 10.3 Jailbreak tool, release date, Rumors Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you LG Expected To Shift To OLED With LG V30; Releasing In Q3 2017 Samsung to Target Hardcore Fans with Galaxy Note FE Google Assistant Coming To iOS Soon; Details To Be Announced This Week Product Razer Blade Stealth ASTRO A50 Wireless Headset + Base Station NVidia GTX 1070 Gears of War 4 Ultimate Edition Samsung 850 EVO 500GB 2.5-Inch SATA III Internal SSD (MZ-75E500B/AM) Overwatch About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured Overwatch Anniversary Event Skins Revealed By Blizzard Outlander Season 4 Gets Cast, Production Update: Top 4 New Characters To Look Forward To Meeting In 2018 Premiere Stranger Things Season 2 Cast, Episode Release: Major Plot Twist For Eleven, The Boys & The Demogorgon Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Injustice 2 Bug: How To Fix Character Level Down Issues NetherRealm Studios’ Injustice 2 currently has a bug which automatically downgrades a player’s character... Pokemon GO Update: Hidden Changes In Adventure Week Patch The new Pokemon GO event, called Adventure Week, just started recently and players have... Overwatch Porn Searches Nearly As Popular As Hentai On Pornhub In less than a year, Blizzard’s Overwatch has easily become one of the most... Shenmue 3 News: Remastered Collection Is Real, Says Just Add Water Studio CEO While fans wait for Shenmue 3 news, it looks like the HD collection of... Marvel vs Capcom Infinite: What it Can Learn From Injustice 2 Injustice 2 is available now and it has set the bar high for other... POPULAR TAGS featured Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony mobile gaming Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook iOS PC pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Pokemon Go Update Capcom Overwatch Marvel Stephen Heller NBA 2k17 iPad Blizzard iPhone 7 Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Android Tightens Grip on its Dominant Position Over Apple in Smartphone Performance Battle Q1 2017 State of Mobile Device Performance & Health Report Finds Android Devices Have Significantly Lower Failure Rate (50 Percent) Than iOS Devices (68 Percent) ATLANTA and LONDON, May 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — It’s a mobile-first world and we’re all just living in it. The data certainly supports this: eMarketer predicts almost 2.4 billion people will use a smartphone in 2017 and more than one-third of the global population will use these handheld devices by the end of 2018. But when mobile devices don’t work properly, lag or stop working altogether, it’s more than just a problem for users. Smartphone operating systems and manufacturers suffer too, as revealed by the Q1 2017 State of Mobile Device Performance and Health report released today by Blancco Technology Group (LON: BLTG). One of the report’s key findings is that Android, as an operating system, continues to hold a strong grip and leadership position over Apple in the area of smartphone performance. According to the Blancco Mobile Diagnostics testing data, the overall failure rate of Android devices was significantly lower (50 percent) than iOS devices (68 percent) in the first quarter of 2017. This is a slight increase from the previous quarter (Q4 2016), when the Android failure rate was 47 percent. Despite this quarter-over-quarter increase, Android devices are still performing considerably better than their iOS counterparts. Meanwhile, the iOS failure rate has increased from 62 percent in Q4 2016 to 68 percent in Q1 2017. Key highlights from the Q1 2017 trend report include: The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are two of the worst performing iPhone models. The iPhone 7’s failure rate has increased from 3 percent in Q4 2016 to 10 percent and the iPhone 7 Plus’ failure rate has also increased from 3 percent in Q4 2016 to 11 percent in Q1 2017. Samsung, LGE and Motorola perform poorly amidst Android manufacturers, with Samsung Galaxy S7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge plagued by high failure rates. In Q1 2017, the Samsung Galaxy S7 ranked as the worst performing Android device with the highest failure rate (9 percent), followed by Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge (8 percent) and Samsung Galaxy S5 (5 percent). Apps crash almost three times more on iPhones than on Android devices. Apps crashed almost three times more on iPhones (50 percent) than they did on Android devices (18 percent). Camera malfunctions and weak signal strength frustrate Android users. Two common problems experienced by Android users were related to a weak carrier signal (6 percent) and camera malfunctions (3 percent). Overheating and trouble connecting to GPS are common issues for iPhone users. Temperature (3 percent) and connecting to GPS (0.5 percent) were two sources of frustration for iOS users worldwide. „While Samsung users in the past have complained about glitches with fingerprint scanning, devices freezing and overheating (who could forget last year’s malfunctions with the Galaxy Note 7), users of the iPhone have experienced different frustrations ranging from headset and microphone issues to software updates and app crashes,” said Russ Ernst, Vice President of Product Management, Blancco Technology Group. „From a hardware perspective, Apple was the first to market with its voice assistant, Siri. However, Android devices were first to capitalize on the bigger screen and OLED display panels. OLED offers brighter displays and better power efficiency over liquid crystal displays that are currently in use on Apple’s iPhones. This is one area that Apple may be looking to remedy, with recent reports that Apple has ordered 70 million OLED panels from its longtime rival, Samsung, so that the new iPhone 8 will feature a 5.2 inch OLED screen with curved edges.” About Blancco Technology Group Blancco Technology Group (AIM: BLTG) is the de facto standard in data erasure and mobile device diagnostics. The Blancco Data Eraser solutions provide thousands of organizations with an absolute line of defense against costly security breaches, as well as verification of regulatory compliance through a 100% tamper-proof audit trail. Our data erasure solutions have been tested, certified, approved and recommended by 18 governing bodies around the world. No other security firm can boast this level of compliance with the most rigorous requirements set by government agencies, legal authorities and independent testing laboratories. The Blancco Mobile Diagnostics solutions enable mobile network operators, retailers and insurers to easily, quickly and accurately identify and resolve performance issues on their customers’ mobile devices. As a result, mobile service providers can spend less time dealing with technical issues and, in turn, reduce the quantity of NTF returns, save on operational costs and increase customer satisfaction.   For more information, visit our website at www.blancco.com. Media Contacts: SHIFT Communications for Blancco Technology Group (US) David Heffernan, Account Manager T: (617) 779-1839 E: blancco@shiftcomm.com SAY Communications for Blancco Technology Group (Europe) Robert Hickling, Senior Account Manager T: 44 (0) 20 8971 6427 E: blancco@saycomms.co.uk Blancco Technology Group Ragini Bhalla, Senior Director of Global Communications E: ragini.bhalla@blancco.com Logo – http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/274522/blancco_Logo.jpg SOURCE Blancco Technology Group Related Links http://www.blancco.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Thin Film Deposition Trends, Key Issues, Market 2017: APCVD (SACVD), LPCVD, PECVD, HDPCVD, ALCVD, PVD, ALD – Research and Markets Next PostNext National Scooter Day 50 Scooter Giveaway by Micro Kickboard Search Recent Posts IFA Selects Daniel Mormino, Division Vice President of INFINITI HR, to the 2018 IFA Convention Committee Ritu Kumar Presents ‘Imperial Summer’ Children Living with Asthma Have Chance to Enjoy Fun Outdoor Activities in Safe Environment at Weeklong Camp Dronedarone Hydrochloride Tablets Industry Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2022 LinkedIn’s Workplace Learning Report uncovers LandD Challenges for 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Arts and Entertainment Sports Investigators New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos Report-It Recaps On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment News 8 Community Calendar Contests Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 69° F Clear Hi: 85° F Lo: 65° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Arts and Entertainment Sports Investigators New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: cruisin' connecticut News 8 is Working for Connecticut nyberg stretch your dollar Latest Headlines Senator Ted Kennedy Jr. reflects on JFK’s legacy as 100th birthday nears May 18, 2017 (WTNH)–The Connecticut Mental Health Center in New Haven is an important place for state Senator Ted Kennedy. Support facilities like it wer… Two hospitalized in car-motorcycle crash in Cheshire May 18, 2017 CHESHIRE, Conn. (WTNH)–Cheshire police are investigating an accident that sent two to the hospital with serious injuries. Police said a moto… West Haven parents concerned about asbestos from construction project May 18, 2017 Professor says Joe Lieberman would make excellent FBI director May 18, 2017 Fox News founder Roger Ailes died of complications from fall May 18, 2017 Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 69° F Clear Feels Like: 69° F Wind: SSW 6 Humidity: 78% Dewpoint: 62° F Sunrise: 5:30 AM Sunset: 8:06 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos Report-It Recaps On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment News 8 Community Calendar Contests Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 69° F Clear Hi: 85° F Lo: 65° F Google is still trying to kill the Echo and Siri By CNN Published: May 18, 2017, 6:45 am Updated: May 18, 2017, 7:17 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) FILE - This July 29, 2015, file photo shows Amazon's Echo speaker, which responds to voice commands, in New York. A prosecutor investigating the death of a man whose body was found in a hot tub wants to expand the probe to include a potential new kind of evidence: the suspect’s Amazon Echo smart speaker. Amazon has called the request “overbroad or otherwise inappropriate." (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) (CNN)– Google is desperately trying to catch up with the Amazon Echo. The company announced new features for its Google Home speaker, it’s Siri-like Assistant and photos tools at its annual developers conference on Wednesday. Google (GOOG) CEO Sundar Pichai and other executives took the stage at the Shoreline Amphitheater in Mountain View, California, to announce the company’s latest hardware and software news. Pichai came out to a roar of developer applause and someone screaming “I love you,” like a tech rock star. He started with a big of bragging. There are more than 2 billion active devices running Android, 1 billion kilometers navigated on Google Maps every day, 800 million people using Google Drive every day and 1.2 billion files uploaded to Google Photos daily. “This is all because of the growth of mobile and the smartphone, but computing is evolving again,” said Pichai. The future, said Pichai, is AI first. That means Google tools will use machine learning to predict and automate features, and get smarter over time. Google Assistant Google’s still nameless voice assistant is competing against Amazon’s (AMZN, Tech30) Alexa, Apple’s Siri and Microsoft’s (MSFT, Tech30) Cortana for the next generation of voice-controlled devices. It’s currently on 100 million devices and now it’s taking the fight to Apple’s home turf. Google Assistant is coming to Apple’s (AAPL, Tech30) iPhone and will be accessible inside Google’s mail iOS app. That still requires one more step to get to than Siri. It’s also coming to regular Android devices — it was only on the Pixel previously. Google is adding a way to type questions with a new keyboard option on all its apps. To further spread the Assistant’s reach, Google announced a software development kit which will let third parties like Sony and LG integrate the tool into their own gadgets. The assistant can now speak French, German, Japanese and Portuguese. Google Lens Google introduced Lens, so your smartphone camera can recognize objects and provide additional information. For instance, if you point your phone at a restaurant, Google will give you the rating for it. It can also recognize objects like flowers. It uses Google’s computer vision technology, taking the the artificial intelligence capabilities of Google Assistant, and puts it into visual search. Google demonstrated how Assistant becomes more powerful with visual capabilities — if you point your phone at a marquee with a concert date, Assistant will ask if you want to add it to your calendar or listen to the band. Lens features are rolling out to Android in the coming months. Auto replies in Gmail Last year Google announced auto replies in it’s Allo messaging app. Now its bringing the time saver to Gmail. It will scan your email threads and suggest appropriate replies based on your conversations. It saves time, but also the emotional energy needed to email your mom. Google Home Google’s Echo imitator added hands-free calling, just weeks after Amazon added the same feature. It’s adding Spotify and Soundcloud integration, and all existing Homes will get Bluetooth powers so you can stream from a smartphone. It’s also adding TV partnerships including support for HBONow so you can ask the Home to play “Game of Thrones” over your Chromecast. It’s also bringing over “proactive” suggestions from Google Now. That means your Home can nag you with notifications about what’s on your schedule or traffic alerts. Instead of just talking to you, it will flash its lights to let you know there’s a message. Ask it “What’s up?” to hear the messages. It’s not adding a screen to the Home like Amazon is doing with the Echo Show, but it’s doing something similar. The Home will be able to show responses on a TV or smartphone screen. Android O Google’s latest mobile operating system is available in beta starting Wednesday. Android O will include a number of new features, like autofill, redesigned settings and downloadable fonts. One of Android’s biggest problems is fragmentation. To help get older and slower devices on the newer version Android, Google is releasing Android Go, a new configuration just for entry-level phones. It uses scaled down versions of popular Google apps like the lightweight YouTube Go that includes offline viewing. Go tracks data costs, which is key for people not on unlimited plans. And it uses a Chrome tool to minimize data usage. Android Go will be available on all devices with 1 GB of memory or less, but in the future, all Android devices will be able to use the Go configuration. Virtual Reality Google is working with partners on a new type of virtual reality headset. The devices don’t exist just yet, but there should be examples from HTC and Lenovo later this year. Unlike the current Google Daydream headset, these will include everything you need to use VR. There’s no phone, cord or PC required. Augmented Reality Google is working on a visual positioning service, which is like Google Maps for the indoors. It mixes very precise locations with the smartphone camera to map out places like a museum or store. If you’re wandering around a Home Depot and can’t find the lug nuts, this tool could guide you with live overlays on the camera. Google said the technology was coming later this year but did not say in what app. It’s also adding an augmented reality mode to Google Expeditions, the educational VR program that uses Cardboard in classrooms. The new app uses the smartphone camera and overlays graphics. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Amazon launches new Echo with a touchscreen Amazon is worth almost twice as much as Walmart Amazon’s $200 Echo Look will judge your outfits Samsung’s Galaxy S8 phone aims to dispel the Note 7 debacle Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WTNH NEWS8 provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Also, you can now block any inappropriate user by simple selecting the drop down menu on the right of any comment and selection "Block User" from there. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 1998-2017 wtnh.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर�?स�?टपोस�?ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Biztech Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firstpost Shareworthy MP farmer gets Rs 2000 notes sans Mahatma Gandhi image BJP lauds PM Narendra Modi on Twitter, claims Dawood's properties seized after diplomatic masterstroke Before UP Elections 2017, films to catch up on, from Omkara to Masaan: Throwback Thursday Guru Gobind Singh's 350th birth anniversary: Narendra Modi to attend Prakash Parv in Patna Renowned sitar player Abdul Halim Jaffer Khan passed away at 88 more from #Apple Apple's plans to manufacture in India are critical as brands like Oppo and Vivo continue to dominate Qualcomm files complaint against Apple manufacturers Foxconn, Wistron, Compal and Pegatron Google I/O 2017: Google announces Android has 2 billion active monthly users Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Apple’s plans to manufacture in India are critical as brands like Oppo and Vivo continue to dominate By Sheldon Pinto /  18 May 2017 , 16:18 #Apple Getty Images While a recent report from The Economic Times points to a noticeable drop in prices for both the iPhone 5s and the iPhone SE models, there could be a well-planned reason for this. While the price drop has yet to take place, the idea behind it, as pointed out by the report, hints that Apple indeed wants a bigger slice of India’s smartphone market, one that is currently being dominated by Chinese brands like Oppo, Vivo and Korea’s Samsung. The rumour Today, there’s news coming straight from Apple in a statement sent to The Indo Asian News service that the Cuperatino giant has some concrete plans to set up manufacturing of iPhones in India. In particular Apple told the news network that it plans to manufacture the iPhone SE model in India. While the report pointed out that the same would be manufactured by Wistron, Apple’s Taiwanese manufacturing partner, a Wistron spokesperson told tech2 that it “did not comment on rumors about its business.” Wistron told Reuters that it plans to start manufacturing smartphones in India by mid-2017, but did not specify for whom. The iPhone SE Oddly, an unnamed source told Reuters that there is currently no agreement or memorandum of understanding that has been finalised with the Karnataka government. Going by the IANS report, the first iPhone models to be manufactured in India would be Apple’s iPhone SE, a device that is currently being offered as the “affordable iPhone” despite its mid-range Rs 25,000 price tag. With the iPhone SE production taking place locally, we can expect that price to drop down to the lower twenties (Rs 20,000) so indeed, the manufacturing at Bengaluru, despite being a trial run, will benefit Apple’s India operations in some way. The broader picture There is, however, a broader picture to this scenario. It is one that allows Apple some major benefits, ones that it has been craving for more than a year now. Apple has been hard at work for the past year trying get its way with tax and sourcing concessions. These would definitely help Apple bring down the price of its products in India, which in turn would also give it greater market share, which has seen a sea change of sorts this year. BBK Electronics owned Oppo and Vivo have been fiercely competitive with marketing and offline sales, leaving long-standing international brands like Samsung in the dust. Recent reports point to Oppo and Vivo increasing their market share from a mere 2 percent to a whopping 18 percent, which is a problem for Apple as well. Oddly this has Apple’s name all over it as the Cupertino giant has recently been struggling with sales in China. In what continues to be a downward trend, Apple slipped to fifth spot in China, according to market research firm International Data Corporation (IDC). According to the IDC’s Quarterly Mobile Phone Tracker report, Apple dropped from 58.4 million iPhones in 2015 to 44.9 million iPhones in 2016 while Xiaomi from 64 million Mi phones to 41.5 million, drops of 23 per cent and 36 per cent, respectively. In contrast, Oppo shipped 78.4 million phones — more than double the 35.4 million it shipped in 2015. Huawei came in at second, shipping 76 million phones, while Vivo managed to almost double its shipments, going from 35 million in 2015 to 69 million last year. Oppo is spending its monies like no other. According to IDC analyst Navkendar Singh, Oppo is using its money wisely, “The duty differential offered when mobile phones are manufactured in India versus imported offer savings which can and have been used by these China-based vendors, including Oppo, to invest in marketing, channel development and distribution.” “This is a fairly straight forward and obvious reason to set up and expand the manufacturing base in India” he added. Singh also said that India is an attractive place to manufacture, thanks to a lower labour cost ,even in comparison to China. What Apple loses out in China, it probably looks to regain from India, the next big market for smartphones. But with the Chinese invasion from brands like Oppo and Vivo spending big on advertising and manufacturing, is Apple a bit too late? Not exactly, says Singh “Given that China market is not expected to grow as rapidly as India in next few years, India presents itself as the next big fast growing market. Moreover, India offers a huge potential smartphone replacement users, along with Feature to Smartphone migrants in next few years.” Even right now, Singh claims that Apple’s manufacturing is critical if viewed from the aspect that this will give savings to Apple. “Apple can decide to pass it on to the consumer (unlikely as of now) but also increase its spends on expanding distribution, channel margins, retail marketing spends and ensure placement in smaller towns and cities, where the consumer is highly aspirational and strives for a premium brand like Apple.” Publish date: May 18, 2017 4:18 pm| Modified date: May 18, 2017 4:25 pm Tags: Apple, Apple China, Apple India, Apple iPhone SE, Apple manufacturing, Bengaluru, Oppo, Vivo, Wistron Also read Apple begins production of iPhone SE in India Qualcomm files complaint against Apple manufacturers Foxconn, Wistron, Compal and Pegatron X Recommended For You Qualcomm files complaint against Apple manufacturers Foxconn, Wistron, Compal and Pegatron Google I/O 2017: Google announces Android has 2 billion active monthly users Apple begins production of iPhone SE in India Google I/O 2017: Google Assistant comes to iPhone, shows Siri how it’s done Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #Aadhaar May 19, 2017 UIDAI has asked CIS to explain 13 crore Aadhaar numbers ‘leak’ claim #WannaCry May 19, 2017 Indian government claims that ransomware attacks contained as infection reports spike #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #Facebook May 19, 2017 Lawsuits alleging Facebook’s support for terrorist groups dismissed by US District Judge #PayPal May 19, 2017 PayPal launches third edition of ‘girls in tech’ #Google I/O 2017 May 19, 2017 Google I/O 2017: Machine learning-enabled jobs search service will first arrive in the US SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Finance Search Search FoodNew York City Food Chains Must Now Provide Calorie Counts on Prepared Items UberUber Threatens to Fire the Self-Driving Car Engineer at the Center of Its Trade Secrets Case BrazilBrazil’s Markets Plunge as Hush Money Scandal Threatens President Temer’s Reforms LGBTU.S. Judge Allows First Transgender Person to Sue Under the Disabilities Act Apple Why Apple Is One of the 5 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Jen Wieczner May 18, 2017 Rising interest rates usually hurt dividend-paying stocks, which appeal less to investors as bond yields get bigger. But there’s an exception to this rule: stocks of companies that consistently increase dividends, sending “a signal to the market of their own growth prospects,” says Anwiti Bahuguna, senior portfolio manager of global asset allocation for Columbia Threadneedle. Such companies tend to outperform over the long term—and to lose less during market corrections. A prime example is Apple. After reintroducing a dividend in 2012, Apple (aapl) has raised it annually and is on track to pay more over the next 12 months than any other company (edging past current champ Exxon Mobil (xom)). Given that its cash hoard now tops $250 billion, investors may see more of the same, especially if Congress enacts a tax cut or holiday for overseas cash. Still, Apple trades at a 15% discount to the S&P 500. “That doesn’t really compute for us,” says Ankur Crawford, manager of the $5.4 billion Alger Spectra Fund. “It’s cheap.” Nicolas Rapp  Nicolas Rapp  Matt Quinlan, comanager of the $83 billion Franklin Income Fund, favors Texas Instruments (txn), which has raised its dividend for 13 years straight. No. 1 in a lucrative niche of semiconductors called analog, TI makes chips used in biometric readers, 3D printers, and robotic equipment, giving it a stable revenue stream. Home Depot (hd) has grown its dividend 22% in the past five years, while buying back hundreds of millions of shares. With a strengthening economy and real estate market, “you have all of the stuff that makes a Home Depot work at this time in the cycle,” says Susan Hirsch of TIAA Investments. For more yield, Brian McMahon, who comanages the $15.8 billion Thornburg Investment Income Builder Fund, recommends going overseas, where tax codes often encourage high dividends. He likes energy giant Royal Dutch Shell (rds.a), whose U.S.-listed shares yield 6.7%, and Swiss bank UBS (ubs), which yields 3.6%. PICKS: Apple (aapl) Texas Instruments (txn) Home Depot (hd) Royal Dutch Shell (rds.a) UBS (ubs) This article is part of Fortune’s 2017 Midyear Investor’s Guide feature. For our picks in other sectors, click on the links below: Why Google and Amazon Top the List of the 6 Best Tech Stocks to Buy How to Invest In Bonds Even if Interest Rates Rise The 5 Best Stocks and ETFs to Invest in China and India Now The 3 Best Oil Stocks to Buy Right Now—Even if Energy Prices Fall The 3 Best Bank Stocks to Buy Now—Whether Tax Reform Happens or Not This article appears as part of the Midyear Investor's Guide package in the June 1, 2017 issue of Fortune. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Android Tightens Grip on its Dominant Position Over Apple in Smartphone Performance Battle Q1 2017 State of Mobile Device Performance & Health Report Finds Android Devices Have Significantly Lower Failure Rate (50 Percent) Than iOS Devices (68 Percent) ATLANTA and LONDON, May 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- It's a mobile-first world and we're all just living in it. The data certainly supports this: eMarketer predicts almost 2.4 billion people will use a smartphone in 2017 and more than one-third of the global population will use these handheld devices by the end of 2018. But when mobile devices don't work properly, lag or stop working altogether, it's more than just a problem for users. Smartphone operating systems and manufacturers suffer too, as revealed by the Q1 2017 State of Mobile Device Performance and Health report released today by Blancco Technology Group (LON: BLTG). One of the report's key findings is that Android, as an operating system, continues to hold a strong grip and leadership position over Apple in the area of smartphone performance. According to the Blancco Mobile Diagnostics testing data, the overall failure rate of Android devices was significantly lower (50 percent) than iOS devices (68 percent) in the first quarter of 2017. This is a slight increase from the previous quarter (Q4 2016), when the Android failure rate was 47 percent. Despite this quarter-over-quarter increase, Android devices are still performing considerably better than their iOS counterparts. Meanwhile, the iOS failure rate has increased from 62 percent in Q4 2016 to 68 percent in Q1 2017. Key highlights from the Q1 2017 trend report include: The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are two of the worst performing iPhone models. The iPhone 7's failure rate has increased from 3 percent in Q4 2016 to 10 percent and the iPhone 7 Plus' failure rate has also increased from 3 percent in Q4 2016 to 11 percent in Q1 2017. Samsung, LGE and Motorola perform poorly amidst Android manufacturers, with Samsung Galaxy S7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge plagued by high failure rates. In Q1 2017, the Samsung Galaxy S7 ranked as the worst performing Android device with the highest failure rate (9 percent), followed by Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge (8 percent) and Samsung Galaxy S5 (5 percent). Apps crash almost three times more on iPhones than on Android devices. Apps crashed almost three times more on iPhones (50 percent) than they did on Android devices (18 percent). Camera malfunctions and weak signal strength frustrate Android users. Two common problems experienced by Android users were related to a weak carrier signal (6 percent) and camera malfunctions (3 percent). Overheating and trouble connecting to GPS are common issues for iPhone users. Temperature (3 percent) and connecting to GPS (0.5 percent) were two sources of frustration for iOS users worldwide. "While Samsung users in the past have complained about glitches with fingerprint scanning, devices freezing and overheating (who could forget last year's malfunctions with the Galaxy Note 7), users of the iPhone have experienced different frustrations ranging from headset and microphone issues to software updates and app crashes," said Russ Ernst, Vice President of Product Management, Blancco Technology Group. "From a hardware perspective, Apple was the first to market with its voice assistant, Siri. However, Android devices were first to capitalize on the bigger screen and OLED display panels. OLED offers brighter displays and better power efficiency over liquid crystal displays that are currently in use on Apple's iPhones. This is one area that Apple may be looking to remedy, with recent reports that Apple has ordered 70 million OLED panels from its longtime rival, Samsung, so that the new iPhone 8 will feature a 5.2 inch OLED screen with curved edges." About Blancco Technology Group Blancco Technology Group (AIM: BLTG) is the de facto standard in data erasure and mobile device diagnostics. The Blancco Data Eraser solutions provide thousands of organizations with an absolute line of defense against costly security breaches, as well as verification of regulatory compliance through a 100% tamper-proof audit trail. Our data erasure solutions have been tested, certified, approved and recommended by 18 governing bodies around the world. No other security firm can boast this level of compliance with the most rigorous requirements set by government agencies, legal authorities and independent testing laboratories. The Blancco Mobile Diagnostics solutions enable mobile network operators, retailers and insurers to easily, quickly and accurately identify and resolve performance issues on their customers' mobile devices. As a result, mobile service providers can spend less time dealing with technical issues and, in turn, reduce the quantity of NTF returns, save on operational costs and increase customer satisfaction.   For more information, visit our website at www.blancco.com. Media Contacts: SHIFT Communications for Blancco Technology Group (US) David Heffernan, Account Manager T: (617) 779-1839 E: blancco@shiftcomm.com SAY Communications for Blancco Technology Group (Europe) Robert Hickling, Senior Account Manager T: 44 (0) 20 8971 6427 E: blancco@saycomms.co.uk Blancco Technology Group Ragini Bhalla, Senior Director of Global Communications E: ragini.bhalla@blancco.com SOURCE Blancco Technology Group CategoriesUncategorized TagsComputer/ Electronics, Mobile Entertainment, Surveys, Polls & Research, Telecommunications Industry Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Application for additional Block Listing Next PostNext Digital Stethoscopes Market Analysis and In-depth Research on Market Size, Trends, Emerging Growth Factors and Forecasts Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Android Tightens Grip on its Dominant Position Over Apple in Smartphone Performance Battle Q1 2017 State of Mobile Device Performance & Health Report Finds Android Devices Have Significantly Lower Failure Rate (50 Percent) Than iOS Devices (68 Percent) ATLANTA and LONDON, May 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- It's a mobile-first world and we're all just living in it. The data certainly supports this: eMarketer predicts almost 2.4 billion people will use a smartphone in 2017 and more than one-third of the global population will use these handheld devices by the end of 2018. But when mobile devices don't work properly, lag or stop working altogether, it's more than just a problem for users. Smartphone operating systems and manufacturers suffer too, as revealed by the Q1 2017 State of Mobile Device Performance and Health report released today by Blancco Technology Group (LON: BLTG). One of the report's key findings is that Android, as an operating system, continues to hold a strong grip and leadership position over Apple in the area of smartphone performance. According to the Blancco Mobile Diagnostics testing data, the overall failure rate of Android devices was significantly lower (50 percent) than iOS devices (68 percent) in the first quarter of 2017. This is a slight increase from the previous quarter (Q4 2016), when the Android failure rate was 47 percent. Despite this quarter-over-quarter increase, Android devices are still performing considerably better than their iOS counterparts. Meanwhile, the iOS failure rate has increased from 62 percent in Q4 2016 to 68 percent in Q1 2017. Key highlights from the Q1 2017 trend report include: The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are two of the worst performing iPhone models. The iPhone 7's failure rate has increased from 3 percent in Q4 2016 to 10 percent and the iPhone 7 Plus' failure rate has also increased from 3 percent in Q4 2016 to 11 percent in Q1 2017. Samsung, LGE and Motorola perform poorly amidst Android manufacturers, with Samsung Galaxy S7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge plagued by high failure rates. In Q1 2017, the Samsung Galaxy S7 ranked as the worst performing Android device with the highest failure rate (9 percent), followed by Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge (8 percent) and Samsung Galaxy S5 (5 percent). Apps crash almost three times more on iPhones than on Android devices. Apps crashed almost three times more on iPhones (50 percent) than they did on Android devices (18 percent). Camera malfunctions and weak signal strength frustrate Android users. Two common problems experienced by Android users were related to a weak carrier signal (6 percent) and camera malfunctions (3 percent). Overheating and trouble connecting to GPS are common issues for iPhone users. Temperature (3 percent) and connecting to GPS (0.5 percent) were two sources of frustration for iOS users worldwide. "While Samsung users in the past have complained about glitches with fingerprint scanning, devices freezing and overheating (who could forget last year's malfunctions with the Galaxy Note 7), users of the iPhone have experienced different frustrations ranging from headset and microphone issues to software updates and app crashes," said Russ Ernst, Vice President of Product Management, Blancco Technology Group. "From a hardware perspective, Apple was the first to market with its voice assistant, Siri. However, Android devices were first to capitalize on the bigger screen and OLED display panels. OLED offers brighter displays and better power efficiency over liquid crystal displays that are currently in use on Apple's iPhones. This is one area that Apple may be looking to remedy, with recent reports that Apple has ordered 70 million OLED panels from its longtime rival, Samsung, so that the new iPhone 8 will feature a 5.2 inch OLED screen with curved edges." About Blancco Technology Group Blancco Technology Group (AIM: BLTG) is the de facto standard in data erasure and mobile device diagnostics. The Blancco Data Eraser solutions provide thousands of organizations with an absolute line of defense against costly security breaches, as well as verification of regulatory compliance through a 100% tamper-proof audit trail. Our data erasure solutions have been tested, certified, approved and recommended by 18 governing bodies around the world. No other security firm can boast this level of compliance with the most rigorous requirements set by government agencies, legal authorities and independent testing laboratories. The Blancco Mobile Diagnostics solutions enable mobile network operators, retailers and insurers to easily, quickly and accurately identify and resolve performance issues on their customers' mobile devices. As a result, mobile service providers can spend less time dealing with technical issues and, in turn, reduce the quantity of NTF returns, save on operational costs and increase customer satisfaction.   For more information, visit our website at www.blancco.com. Media Contacts: SHIFT Communications for Blancco Technology Group (US) David Heffernan, Account Manager T: (617) 779-1839 E: blancco@shiftcomm.com SAY Communications for Blancco Technology Group (Europe) Robert Hickling, Senior Account Manager T: 44 (0) 20 8971 6427 E: blancco@saycomms.co.uk Blancco Technology Group Ragini Bhalla, Senior Director of Global Communications E: ragini.bhalla@blancco.com SOURCE Blancco Technology Group CategoriesUncategorized TagsComputer/ Electronics, Mobile Entertainment, Surveys, Polls & Research, Telecommunications Industry Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Application for additional Block Listing Next PostNext Digital Stethoscopes Market Analysis and In-depth Research on Market Size, Trends, Emerging Growth Factors and Forecasts Search Recent Posts Andrographis Paniculata Extract Sales Market: Recent Study including Growth Factors, Applications, Regional Analysis, Key Players and Forecasts Sorghum Seed Market: Expected Major Development to be Observed across the Globe by 2022 Protein Hydrolysate Ingredients Market to Grow at a CAGR of 6.2% by 2024 Indexable Tool Inserts Market Report 2017, Trends, Analysis, Share, Estimates and Forecasts to 2022. NAFTA and Europe Grignard Reagents Market Will Hit at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2016 to 2026 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Share Tweet Why Apple's Refurbished Store is best place to find a cheap Mac Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This fb tw am yt rss Hot Topics New iPad 2017 review Best free Mac games iPhone tips iPhone 8 rumours Latest Apple Deals » Home News Mac News How to buy a cheap Mac from the Apple Refurbished Store How to buy a cheap Mac from the Apple Refurbished Store There are some great Mac deals on the Apple Refurbished Store, but should you buy a new Mac? Our guide to buying a refurbished Mac has all the details you need to know. by Lucy Hattersley | 18 May 17 If you're considering buying a Mac, we would strongly recommend considering buying from the Apple Refurbished Store before you pay full price. Here, we explain what the Apple Refurbished Store is, what price you can expect to pay in the Apple Refurbished Store and other Refurbished Mac options to help you find a cheap Mac. Apple makes great computers, but they're not always the cheapest to buy: a brand-new Mac can be a quick way to empty your bank account. Many Mac buyers therefore look at secondhand options. You can get a great deal by buying a refurbished Apple Mac computer from the Apple Refurbished Store, or by picking up a second-hand computer from eBay or from your local Apple reseller. Which is, of course, if you even know the Apple Refurb Store exists. Buying a new Mac is always a joy, but many people aren't aware that it is also possible to pick up a price-reduced, refurbished Mac from the Apple website. This guide will show you how to get a great deal on a Mac by checking out the Apple Refurbished store and other reliable outlets. Should I buy a refurbished Mac? One great trick that every Apple fan should know is how to pick up kit from the Apple Refurbished Store. You can buy refurbished Apple Macs, as well as other Apple products, from this special section of the online store. Click here to visit the Apple Refurbished Store Refurbished Macs are likely to be returned models (if it is from a previous year), or reconditioned current models. A reconditioned Mac could be an ex-demonstration model used during Apple teaching programmes, or a unit sold to a customer who decided to return it. The returned unit may have been faulty (and fixed) or may simply have been returned under the standard sale-and-returns procedure. (Apple allows any customer to return a Mac bought from the Apple Store within 14 days for a refund - see Standard Returns Policy). Macs and MacBooks sold through the Apple Refurbished Store are not necessarily old models that have not been sold. Tim Cook has made Apple's production so tight that the company is rumoured to turn over its entire inventory every five days (only McDonalds has a faster turnover!). So Apple does not need to stockpile its products and Macs sold on the refurb store are second hand. The important thing to note is that Macs bought from the Apple Refurbished Store are not discernibly different from new ones bought direct from the Apple Store. All Macs bought from the Apple Refurbished Store are cleaned, checked, tested and visually indistinguishable from brand new models. What is the warranty and returns procedure on a refurbished Mac? Apple states: "Before we put a refurbished Mac, iPod, iPad or Apple TV up for sale in Special Deals, it undergoes a rigorous refurbishment process to make sure it's up to Apple's tough quality standards." (iPhones are not currently sold through the Refurbished Store.) More importantly, a reconditioned Mac comes with the same one-year warranty (extendable to three years with AppleCare protection.) You also get the same sales and return procedure with Apple, and can return a Mac bought from the Refurbished Store within 14 days if you're not happy with it - but note you'll have to post it back, as Apple will not accept returns to a physical Apple Store on refurbished products. The only noticeable difference from our experience is that any refurbished Mac will be packaged in a brown box rather than the white retail box they normally arrive in. Aside from that we have yet to pick up a Mac from the Refurbished Store and find it wanting. The price for reconditioned Macs changes frequently but is typically 10 to 20 percent less than the original price. With Macs commanding a high retail price this can be quite a difference. For example, a 13.3-inch MacBook Pro can be found on the Refurbished Store for £759, a £140 saving on the price you'd pay for the exact same model on the Apple Store. Check the specifications carefully Because many Macs on the refurb store are last year's models you should check the specifications carefully. It's worth noting that most new Macs contain the very latest high-end components, so even last year's model from the Apple Refurbished Store tends to have quite high specification components. It's worth taking a look at the Refurbished Store if you deliberately want to pick up an older model. Apple is often quick off the mark to phase out features it deems no longer necessary, such as optical drives, FireWire sockets, replaceable hard drives and so on. So some people may genuinely prefer an earlier model with a feature they don't quite want to live without just yet. However, if you catch the Store around six months after a Mac has come out, you'll find it with money off. Getting a current, top-of-the-range Mac or MacBook for 15% off is surely a great feeling.  Buying a second hand Mac from eBay Amazon and eBay are worth considering, although where possible we'd recommend you opt for new, discounted Macs. Buying a second-hand Mac on eBay is a riskier business. Buying and selling anything on sites like eBay can be fraught with problems, but this is particularly true with high-value products such as computers. The old adage runs 'buyer beware', but sellers need to take precautions as well. In a bid to make money quickly, it is easy to be talked into handing over what you’re selling for much less than it is worth. Having done your research, be prepared to stand your ground. You may have to give way slightly on price, but don't be swayed too much. eBay requires a little caution and care, then, but you may find some bargains. For example, take a look at eBay's dedicated Refurbished MacBook section to see if there are any deals to be had. Buying a new or second hand Mac from an Apple reseller If you're going to buy from used or independent shops, your best bet is to seek out a certified Apple Premium Reseller. These are dealers and service providers certified by Apple for their expertise and quality. These can be found up and down the UK and Republic of Ireland. (You can find your nearest Apple Premium Reseller here and in the Republic of Ireland here.) These will try to meet or exceed the service you'd get at an Apple Store - and prices may be cheaper then buying from Apple. We've often spotted Apple Premium Reseller stores having special events and discounts, normally when stores open for the first time in a new location. Some resellers may offer discounts on older Mac models shortly after a new one launches, so look out for bargains! KRCS, for example, always has offers on Macs that you can order online, even configure-to-order models. If you prefer shopping with a retailer that you're familiar with, then John Lewis offers a two-year warranty on all Apple products as standard, which is twice as long as the standard one year offered by Apple. Finally, take a look at Macworld partner mResell's service, which buys and sells a range of secondhand Apple products. Here's everything you need to know about Shopping at an Apple Store, Apple Online, and using the Genius Bar &nbsp; Tags: Mac , Buy/Sell Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Comments Advertisement What is ransomware and how do I protect my PC from WannaCry? The UK’s best grad shows 2017: Dates & locations WWDC 2017 news: What to expect, how to watch, when it is & how to get tickets Apple News Apple Reviews Apple How To Macworld Magazine Apple Deals Mac Forums Tech Advisor France - Tests complets, conseils Apple Mac iPhone Reviews iPad Reviews Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
Ahabanza Inkuru nyamukuru Amakuru Amahanga Afurika Aziya Uburayi Ubukungu Imikino Imyidagaduro Amateka Urubyiruko Izindi nkuru Inkuru ndende Inkuru zamamaza Cartoon amafoto Indirimbo akazi Utuntu n’utundi Nkore iki? English Amafoto Our Services Ahabanza Inkuru nyamukuru Amakuru Amahanga Afurika Aziya Uburayi Ubukungu Imikino Imyidagaduro Amateka Urubyiruko Izindi nkuru Inkuru ndende Inkuru zamamaza Cartoon amafoto Indirimbo akazi Utuntu n’utundi Nkore iki? Mu kwezi gutaha Apple irasohora ubwoko bushya bwa MacBooks Pro na MacBook Air Utuntu n'utundi  | Yashyizwe ku rubuga na Jean Pierre Nizeyimana    Kuwa 18/05/2017 Saa 12:00 Share Tweet Share Share Email Comments MacBooks Pro na MacBooks Air ni ubwoko bwa Laptops bugezweho kubera uko bukoze n’ingufu zabwo mu ugukora akazi vuba. MacBooks Pro na MacBooks Air ni ubwoko bwa Laptops bugezweho Ikigo gikora ibikoresho by’ikoranabuhanga Apple kirateganya gusohora ubwoko bushya bwa laptops zo mu bwoko bwa MacBooks Pro, ibi ikazabikorera mu imurikagurisha ryiswe Worldwide Developers Conference rizabera ahitwa San Jose muri Kamena, 2017. Bloomberg ivuga ko Apple izasohora ubwoko bushya bwa MacBooks Pro bufite processor yitwa Kaby Lake yihuta cyane kandi n’indi laptop yitwa MacBook Air na yo izaba ifite indi processor yihuta kurushaho.  Mudasobwa za  MacBooks zinjiriza Apple 11% bya miliyari 216 $ yinjije umwaka ushize. Kuva izi mashini zatangira gushyirwa ku isoko nta bwo ziragaragaza ubusembwa bwatuma abakiliya bazivaho. Ibi bituma Apple ikomeza kuzinonosora kugira ngo abaguzi bakomeze kwiyongera. Apple iri kubikora mu rwego rwo guhangana na mukeba wayo Microsoft iherutse gusohora mudasowa bita Surface Laptop ifite ikirahure cyumvira ugikozeho (touch screen) kandi ikagira ibuye rimazamo umuriro amasaha 14. Apple kandi iri hafi gusohora telefoni ifite ikoranabuhanga ryo kwishyiramo umuriro nta ntsinga. Iyi telefoni yitwa iPhone 8 izasohoka mu mpera z’uyu mwaka. Umwe mu bakurikiranira hafi ibikorerwa muri Apple avuga ko ruriya ruganda rufite imishinga ihambaye yo gukora za micro zikoranye ikoranabuhanga ryo hejuru, ibi ngo bizatuma Apple ikomeza gukundwa kurusha za Amazon, Microsoft n’izindi. Jean Pierre NIZEYIMANA UMUSEKE.RW Sangiza abandi iyi nkuru: Tweet WhatsApp Email Like this: Like Loading... Share Tweet Share Share Email Ibitekerezo Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Current ye@r * Leave this field empty Aho dukorera Kigali - Rwanda Gasabo - Remera Sonatube KG 1 Ave 49 Amakuru info@umuseke.rw Phone: +250 788516551 Phone: +250 788772818 Kwamamaza sales@umuseke.rw +25 0788772818 +25 0785383188 Abo turibo Ububiko bw’inkuru Twandikire Kwamamaza Izindi serivisi Ahabanza Since 2011 - Copyright 2017 UMUSEKE IT Ltd All rights reserved Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs iPhone/iPad OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses Home Technology Industry More Color By Jason Snell, Macworld | May 18, 2017 3:00 AM PT Opinion Apple Park: The last great product by Steve Jobs Apple’s new Cupertino campus is a reflection of the company’s co-founder. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Apple More like this Mythperceptions: No, Apple is actually pretty good at design Should Apple dump Lightning from the iPhone 8? The cases for and against 6 key takeaways from Apple’s Q2 2017 earnings call Video Can the iPhone make better AR than Facebook and Snapchat? | The iPhone Show One of the words I use a lot when reviewing Apple products is opinionated. I firmly believe that great art or design can’t happen without a point of view—and the more you depart from a focused point of view, the more likely a creation will be compromised, workmanlike... good, maybe, but not great. When it’s at its best, Apple strives for greatness. It doesn’t always get there—and every now and then you get the sense it’s not actually trying to get there—but when things are hitting on all cylinders, Apple releases products that are backed by a strong point of view about what will delight and serve its customers. The MacBook, for example, is a product based on a focused vision: That a single port and a slower class of processor are worthy trade-offs for an incredibly thin and light computer with a Retina display. You don’t have to agree with Apple’s take—in the case of the MacBook, the company’s practically daring you to disagree—but you can’t deny that it’s an amazing execution of a particular set of priorities. I’ve been thinking about Apple’s approach to products this week because I read Steven Levy’s excellent inside look at the new Apple Park campus for Wired. It’s worth a read—I highly recommend it, if you haven’t dug in yet. Levy’s been covering Apple longer than just about anyone, and in great detail. In his story about Apple Park, he suggests that the facility itself is an Apple product—in fact, the last product to truly be conceived of by Steve Jobs. (It’s why the story’s headline, “One More Thing”, is so bittersweet.) Here’s a key section: Apple Park is the architectural avatar of the man who envisioned it, the same man who pushed employees to produce those signature products. In the absence of his rigor and clarity, he left behind a headquarters that embodies both his autobiography and his values. The phrase that keeps coming up in talks with key Apple figures is “Steve’s gift.”... The current leaders of Apple are determined not to disappoint him in what is arguably his biggest, and is certainly his last, product launch. “I revere him,” Cook says. “And this was clearly his vision, his concept. Our biggest project ever.” As detailed by Levy, Apple Park is an Apple product through and through. The company took great care to make design decisions, and create custom hardware, at many key points—from the massive glass sheets that required the building of a gigantic furnace, to the toilets, to the handles on the doors, to the pizza boxes in the cafeteria. It’s a one-off product designed by Apple for itself, yes, but it seems to have received the same attention to detail as any other major product launch. (In fact, reading Levy’s story, I wondered to myself if some of Apple’s product sluggishness over the last couple of years might be somehow related to the design energy going into the new campus. Probably not, but you never know. I’m more concerned about the hit in productivity the company may experience when it has to move so many of its employees to new workspaces and allow them some time to adapt to their surroundings.) In the end, Apple’s choices about the materials used in construction and the hardware adorning Apple Park aren’t that important (unless you work there). What does fascinate me is one bit of criticism leveled at the plan, which says a lot about Steve Jobs’s vision for Apple and how it conflicts with the approaches many other tech companies are making: [There are critiques] that the campus is a snobby isolated preserve, at odds with the trendy urbanist school of corporate headquarters. (Amazon, Twitter, and Airbnb are all part of a movement that hopes to integrate tech employees into cities as opposed to having them commute via fuel-gobbling cars or numbing Wi-Fi-equipped buses.) That the layout of the Ring is too rigid... That there is no childcare center. “It’s an obsolete model that doesn’t address the work conditions of the future,” says Louise Mozingo, an urban design professor at UC Berkeley. Steve Jobs’s vision for Apple’s headquarters was to stay close to home, in the low-density suburbs that form Silicon Valley, rather than embrace a more high-density, urban environment. Apple’s never been a city company, from its very start in that suburban garage. Using that as a given—Apple’s a company that isn’t going to stray too far from its suburban roots—Jobs envisioned a hub of activity surrounded by a tranquil park of hills and trees that are reminiscent of the area when it was mostly fruit trees and fields, before it became a major hub of American innovation. Apple’s decision to make Apple Park a ring will be a convenient metaphor for those who wish to criticize the company for being secretive, insular, and arrogant—Levy quotes one critic who calls it a “retrograde cocoon.” There will be more, and worse, when the campus opens and in the years thereafter. Take those criticisms as you will, but anyone who’s visited Apple’s Infinite Loop campus—constructed in 1992-93—will tell you that Apple’s been buildings set in a ring with a large private space in the center for 25 years. Building oases in the middle of South Bay suburbs— this is in Apple’s DNA. Sometimes you need to be true to yourself. I think it’s fair for Levy to note that Apple is not doing what some other major tech companies are doing, and integrating their campuses into urban environments. I was in Seattle earlier this week and got to go past Amazon’s biosphere, where many large office buildings devoted to Amazon are integrated with a weird set of domes and a bustling urban area with shops and restaurants. Twitter moved onto Market Street in San Francisco, and startups have thrived in San Francisco’s South of Market area for years. There’s a lot to be said for embracing urban areas, rather than hiding in the suburbs. From a commuting perspective, the suburban office park is terrible. Apple’s campuses, old and new, are poorly served by public transit, leading the company to create a parallel transit system of fancy Wi-Fi equipped buses. City centers are, in contrast, generally served well by regional transportation systems. A friend of mine recently got a job at Google and was wondering which would be better for her commute-wise—the horror stories of how expensive it is to live in San Francisco (Google has an office building just north of the Bay Bridge) made her assume that the suburban Mountain View campus would be preferable. I had to explain that San Francisco was actually a better location, because it’s served by the regional BART train system as well as ferries from across the bay. It’s hard to imagine Apple colonizing downtown San Francisco, just as it’s hard to imagine Google building its new campus in high-rises in San Jose. I can’t imagine Microsoft decamping from its suburban campus in Redmond, either. Then again, Adobe—who previously occupied what is now the center of the Googleplex—did decamp to new high-rise buildings in San Jose. In the long run, I think it’s a mistake for big companies to build sprawling suburban headquarters in areas poorly served by public transportation. I applaud Twitter and Amazon’s embracing of the urban center. (And Google’s decision to include child care centers in its facilities plans, unlike Apple and Microsoft.) But I understand why building outside of the suburbs was never really a serious option for Apple—or its Seattle cousin Microsoft. Like their co-founders Steve Jobs and Bill Gates, they’re suburban kids who never seem to have really gotten a taste for the big city. To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Technology Industry Apple Jason is the former editorial director of Macworld, and has reviewed every major Apple product of the last few years, including the original iPhone and iPad as well as every major version of Mac OS X. Check out Sixcolors.com for his latest Apple coverage. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Editors' Picks Entertainment Technology Business Breakingviews World Davos More Videos video Most Popular Deadly Times Square driver had DWI record: police - 01:16 Car rams Times Square pedestrians, killing one, injuring 22 - 01:11 Trump defends Comey firing, denies asking FBI chief to end Flynn probe - 00:55 Wall Street rebounds from big selloff - 01:14 Former Fox CEO Roger Ailes dies - 00:52 Exclusive: Trump's campaign had 18 undisclosed contacts with Russia - 02:19 Freed U.S. whistleblower a social media star after release - 01:11 Speeding vehicle strikes pedestrians in Times Square (disturbing video) - 00:49 Brazil's real falls as President linked to scandal - 01:33 Bitcoin pushed aside as hackers' favorite - 01:25 Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell dead at 52 - 00:59 Scientists discover coral that could beat climate change - 01:31 3XSQ: David Einhorn sues Apple over preferred stock proposal Thursday, February 07, 2013 - 03:32 Feb 7 - David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital has filed suit against Apple over a proposal in Apple's proxy to eliminate preferred stock. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript The three Times Square this Thursday from what -- world headquarters in New York. -- power player of the day taking on eight tech -- But not the way you might think. It's Green -- Capital David Einhorn famous for sure and companies like green mountain coffee this time he's going after apple. -- suing the company to try to block effort to stop issuing preferred shares. In an SEC filing and we might capital says preferred share issuance from apple. Would unlock shareholder value he also told CNBC he owns more shared than ever before and believe the stock is significantly undervalues. Shares were up a bit in premarket and are now roughly flat. I'm bored and dissatisfied. Many retailers. Are satisfied. Our -- did hit 5% the gaining comparable store sales for the US retailers tracked by Thomson Reuters in January. Far ahead of the 3.5 percent estimate. What is include Macy's whose sales climbed nearly 12% way ahead of estimates also said sales for the entire quarter up estimates. Target also outperforming those sales there were up just 3%. It's that shoppers are showing discipline as a result of the increase in payroll taxes. Checking shares of some of the retailer -- you can see Macy's is up target is down a bit Nordstrom also outperformed. And is just slightly down there awhile specialty retailer can't court reported court sales and it is down as well. Results less positive at the New York Times the company reporting higher revenue as more people papered digital newspapers. But advertising revenue fell three point 1% even with an extra week in the quarter. Earnings adjusted for special items slightly exceeded the ethnic. Another media powerhouse with results is News Corp. strong growth at cable networks like aspects authentic witnesses of the Fox Network. The company overall reporting higher quarterly revenue and profit but audiences for shows like American Idol continues to shrink. The company also seen weakness in some European operations as the atlas air drag on. The effects of superstar and -- reflected in all states earnings quarterly profit fell 45%. Losses from the storm. But the insurance and it paid about 95% -- claims. Those payouts of course we'll circle back to the consumer in the form of higher home insurance prices throughout the industry says chief executive Thomas Wilson. Catastrophe losses for the company were one point six billion for the fourth quarter. Wilson sees modest price increases in auto insurance industry wide. And finally you know it's not October best but another reason to raise a glass in Germany. Folks in the city of Cologne Don their best drinking does to celebrate the four month carneval season. -- locally as the fifth season in the city's ultra mark's square. Strangers could be seen linking arms inflame international ballot the brass band with large amounts of national -- beer called all good news. And it noticed many of the revelers and it'll light. A beer goggles for baby boomers. That is the latest entry Times Square this Thursday you can follow us on Twitter at letters insider and get corporate -- think he had at Reuters dot com slash -- TV. I'm Lisa Bernhard. Is right. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/12KfqOF <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=240987145" allowfullscreen></iframe> Close 3XSQ: David Einhorn sues Apple over preferred stock proposal Thursday, February 07, 2013 - 03:32 Top News » Breakingviews TV: Beltway to Brasilia Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (3:15) UK PM pitches welfare cuts, migrant curbs in... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:39) Made in Blackpool: A Tory landslide? Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (2:15) UK PM pitches welfare cuts, migrant curbs in... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:33) Former FBI director Mueller named to... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (0:56) Russia 'ready to provide transcript' of... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (0:51) Journalists in Mexico mourn for slain... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:32) Breakingviews TV: Government as business Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (5:36) Putin: Want a transcript of that Trump meet? Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (2:24) Iran's global re-engagement at stake in poll Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (2:11) Trump asked Comey to shut down Flynn probe:... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (1:01) Breakingviews TV: Mega-banks' cloudy future Tue, 16 May, 2017 - (4:16) Business » Facebook takes on TV with Major League... 4:28am IST - (1:56) Former FBI director to probeTrump-Russia ties 2:12am IST - (1:23) Sen. Warren spars with Treasury Secretary... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:55) Breakingviews TV: Beltway to Brasilia Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (3:15) Deutsche CEO aims to breathe new life into... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:54) Wal-Mart bucks retail wreck Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:12) Hong Kong car park sells for record $3 bln Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:26) EU fines Facebook €110m over WhatsApp deal Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:33) Trump storm hits stocks again but dollar... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:45) Burberry profit falls 21 pct ahead of new CEO Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:36) Japan hits longest GDP growth run in a decade Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (2:03) Petrobras eyes deep water oil Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:47) Rough Cuts » Injustice 2 brings DC Super-Heroes and... 1:31am IST - (2:05) Dick Van Dyke among Hollywood comedy legends... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:50) Germany and Turkey spar over troops Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:21) White Tulsa police officer acquitted over... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:20) Huntington's disease sufferers head for... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:07) Will Smith brings flavour of West Philadelphia... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (2:09) No figures set for Brexit bill says Barnier Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (1:12) "No way" of knowing if Russians bugged White... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (0:52) Argument for independent counsel 'quite... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (2:03) New experience offers dining in the dark with... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (2:05) Trump scandals reaching 'Watergate size and... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (0:40) "We need the facts" before rushing to... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (1:42) Technology » Facebook takes on TV with Major League... 4:28am IST - (1:56) Plant report reveals new discoveries, climate... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (2:08) Google's AI raises the bar for rivals Apple,... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (2:40) British daredevil aims to break four records... Tue, 16 May, 2017 - (2:02) Brass pipe offers 'healthy smoking' Tue, 16 May, 2017 - (1:47) Microsoft slams gov't secrecy Tue, 16 May, 2017 - (1:27) Lyft partners with Waymo Tue, 16 May, 2017 - (1:10) Artist creates tattoos you can hear Tue, 16 May, 2017 - (1:54) Kenya developers fit homes and buildings with... Mon, 15 May, 2017 - (2:20) NASA's Whitson and Fischer mark 200th... Fri, 12 May, 2017 - (1:00) ISS astronauts embark on 200th spacewalk Fri, 12 May, 2017 - (0:49) Smart glove could help measure muscle... Thu, 11 May, 2017 - (1:53) Oddly Enough » New experience offers dining in the dark with... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (2:05) Ready, steady, mow! The lawnmower racing... Mon, 15 May, 2017 - (1:13) Koons unveils a giant inflated ballerina... Fri, 12 May, 2017 - (2:15) Man captures 16-foot python in Florida Fri, 12 May, 2017 - (1:31) History you can taste... the chocolate museum Thu, 11 May, 2017 - (1:40) In a Danish brewery, urine is the secret... Sat, 06 May, 2017 - (0:59) Lion's reverse vasectomy spawns new hope for... Fri, 05 May, 2017 - (1:09) 'Pisner' beer recycles your urine Fri, 05 May, 2017 - (1:57) Plastic buns race a highlight at Hong Kong... Thu, 04 May, 2017 - (1:05) The Cheese Rolling World Championship returns Tue, 02 May, 2017 - (0:56) Ancient Roman port in Israel to get facelift Fri, 28 Apr, 2017 - (1:07) Pope Francis launches free launderette for the... Wed, 26 Apr, 2017 - (0:59) Entertainment » Uma Thurnan dazzles on red carpet in Cannes 5:24am IST - (0:59) Julianne Moore wows Cannes with 'Wonderstruck' 4:42am IST - (1:23) Injustice 2 brings DC Super-Heroes and... 1:31am IST - (2:05) Misty peaks, verdant trees, fresh cherry pie -... 12:08am IST - (2:13) Dick Van Dyke among Hollywood comedy legends... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:50) Hollywood and French film royalty walk the... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:34) Ridley Scott immortalized in Hollywood Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:26) Pharrell Williams gives NYU commencement... Thu, 18 May, 2017 - (1:23) Will Smith brings flavour of West Philadelphia... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (2:09) 'The Emoji Movie' star makes a splash at... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (1:30) Cannes boss says cinemas right to object to... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (1:53) Jimmy Kimmel set to host 2018 Oscars Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (1:24) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Android Tightens Grip on its Dominant Position Over Apple in Smartphone Performance Battle News provided by Blancco Technology Group 18 May, 2017, 11:00 BST Share this article Q1 2017 State of Mobile Device Performance & Health Report Finds Android Devices Have Significantly Lower Failure Rate (50 Percent) Than iOS Devices (68 Percent) ATLANTA and LONDON, May 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- It's a mobile-first world and we're all just living in it. The data certainly supports this: eMarketer predicts almost 2.4 billion people will use a smartphone in 2017 and more than one-third of the global population will use these handheld devices by the end of 2018. But when mobile devices don't work properly, lag or stop working altogether, it's more than just a problem for users. Smartphone operating systems and manufacturers suffer too, as revealed by the Q1 2017 State of Mobile Device Performance and Health report released today by Blancco Technology Group (LON: BLTG). One of the report's key findings is that Android, as an operating system, continues to hold a strong grip and leadership position over Apple in the area of smartphone performance. According to the Blancco Mobile Diagnostics testing data, the overall failure rate of Android devices was significantly lower (50 percent) than iOS devices (68 percent) in the first quarter of 2017. This is a slight increase from the previous quarter (Q4 2016), when the Android failure rate was 47 percent. Despite this quarter-over-quarter increase, Android devices are still performing considerably better than their iOS counterparts. Meanwhile, the iOS failure rate has increased from 62 percent in Q4 2016 to 68 percent in Q1 2017. Key highlights from the Q1 2017 trend report include: The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are two of the worst performing iPhone models. The iPhone 7's failure rate has increased from 3 percent in Q4 2016 to 10 percent and the iPhone 7 Plus' failure rate has also increased from 3 percent in Q4 2016 to 11 percent in Q1 2017. Samsung, LGE and Motorola perform poorly amidst Android manufacturers, with Samsung Galaxy S7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge plagued by high failure rates. In Q1 2017, the Samsung Galaxy S7 ranked as the worst performing Android device with the highest failure rate (9 percent), followed by Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge (8 percent) and Samsung Galaxy S5 (5 percent). Apps crash almost three times more on iPhones than on Android devices. Apps crashed almost three times more on iPhones (50 percent) than they did on Android devices (18 percent). Camera malfunctions and weak signal strength frustrate Android users. Two common problems experienced by Android users were related to a weak carrier signal (6 percent) and camera malfunctions (3 percent). Overheating and trouble connecting to GPS are common issues for iPhone users. Temperature (3 percent) and connecting to GPS (0.5 percent) were two sources of frustration for iOS users worldwide. "While Samsung users in the past have complained about glitches with fingerprint scanning, devices freezing and overheating (who could forget last year's malfunctions with the Galaxy Note 7), users of the iPhone have experienced different frustrations ranging from headset and microphone issues to software updates and app crashes," said Russ Ernst, Vice President of Product Management, Blancco Technology Group. "From a hardware perspective, Apple was the first to market with its voice assistant, Siri. However, Android devices were first to capitalize on the bigger screen and OLED display panels. OLED offers brighter displays and better power efficiency over liquid crystal displays that are currently in use on Apple's iPhones. This is one area that Apple may be looking to remedy, with recent reports that Apple has ordered 70 million OLED panels from its longtime rival, Samsung, so that the new iPhone 8 will feature a 5.2 inch OLED screen with curved edges." About Blancco Technology Group Blancco Technology Group (AIM: BLTG) is the de facto standard in data erasure and mobile device diagnostics. The Blancco Data Eraser solutions provide thousands of organizations with an absolute line of defense against costly security breaches, as well as verification of regulatory compliance through a 100% tamper-proof audit trail. Our data erasure solutions have been tested, certified, approved and recommended by 18 governing bodies around the world. No other security firm can boast this level of compliance with the most rigorous requirements set by government agencies, legal authorities and independent testing laboratories. The Blancco Mobile Diagnostics solutions enable mobile network operators, retailers and insurers to easily, quickly and accurately identify and resolve performance issues on their customers' mobile devices. As a result, mobile service providers can spend less time dealing with technical issues and, in turn, reduce the quantity of NTF returns, save on operational costs and increase customer satisfaction.   For more information, visit our website at www.blancco.com. Media Contacts: SHIFT Communications for Blancco Technology Group (US) David Heffernan, Account Manager T: (617) 779-1839 E: blancco@shiftcomm.com SAY Communications for Blancco Technology Group (Europe) Robert Hickling, Senior Account Manager T: 44 (0) 20 8971 6427 E: blancco@saycomms.co.uk Blancco Technology Group Ragini Bhalla, Senior Director of Global Communications E: ragini.bhalla@blancco.com Logo - http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/274522/blancco_Logo.jpg SOURCE Blancco Technology Group Related Links http://www.blancco.com 27 Apr, 2017, 11:00 BST Preview: Uncontrolled User Access to Data, Mismanaged Storage Locations and Data Hoarding Poke Large Holes in Corporate Data Governance Programs My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 27 Apr, 2017, 11:00 BSTUncontrolled User Access to Data, Mismanaged Storage Locations... 28 Mar, 2017, 02:00 BSTBlancco Technology Group Expands Asia Pacific Presence with New... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Mobile Entertainment Telecommunications Industry Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Android Tightens Grip on its Dominant Position Over Apple in Smartphone Performance Battle News provided by Blancco Technology Group 18 May, 2017, 11:00 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace, Defense Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web site Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government Labor & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Handicapped, Disabled Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Iran heads to polling stations to elect new president World May 19, 9:30 Venezuela to import 60,000 tonnes of Russian wheat per month Business & Economy May 19, 9:15 Isinbayeva may retain place at Russia's anti-doping body’s supervisory board Sport May 19, 8:17 Ukrainian opposition to contest ban on Russian websites in court World May 19, 7:28 Russia to face Canada in ice hockey world semifinals Sport May 19, 5:03 WADA approves creation of Independent Anti-Doping Testing Agency Sport May 19, 2:17 Crimean officials call Ukraine’s lawsuit against Stalin and Beria mockery World May 19, 2:16 WADA may declare Russia’s anti-doping body compliant in November — chief Sport May 19, 2:14 Isinbayeva to quit as RUSADA chief until end of May — WADA Sport May 19, 1:12 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 19.05.2017 18.05.2017 17.05.2017 16.05.2017 15.05.2017 14.05.2017 13.05.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news Russia’s anti-trust watchdog may launch case against LG over price-fixing Business & Economy May 18, 12:54 UTC+3 ST.PETERSBURG Share 1 pages in this article ST.PETERSBURG, May 18. /TASS/. The Federal Antimonopoly Service (FAS) suspects LG of fixing prices of smartphones in Russia, Deputy Head of FAS Andrei Tsarikovsky told TASS on Thursday. Read also Google shells out $7.4 mln to settle administrative fine — Russia’s watchdog "LG case is similar (to Apple - TASS), Samsung is clear," he said. According to Tsarikovsky, FAS is likely to file a case against the company in the near future. FAS anti-cartel department's head Andrey Tenishev told TASS that the regulator has competed an inspection of the company and will soon make a decision whether to initiate a case. He added that following an inspection of Phillips it was decided to transfer the case to the Eurasian Economic Commission (EEC). "Since this is a trans-border market the case is being transferred to the EEC," he said. The watchdog earlier launched an inspection regarding several Russian electronics retailers due to suspicions of price-fixing agreement in sales of the latest iPhone models. Current iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus prices set by retailers are slightly different against each other and those listed in the Apple’s press release dated September 28, 2015, which gives reasons to believe that retailers did not determine iPhone prices independently, FAS press service said. The antitrust watchdog requested information from 16 retailers, among them Euroset, Eldorado, Svyaznoy, re:Store, Ozon.ru, Citilink, Media-Markt, Mobiland, Megafon and Vimpelcom (Beeline brand), as well as the official online Apple store. The investigation revealed that the majority of resellers had set similar prices for iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus since the start of their official sales in Russia and maintained them for a certain period of time, FAS said. Similar situation was revealed with other iPhone models. Read also Anti-trust regulator to continue to monitor pricing for Apple's products in Russia The Commission of the Federal Antimonopoly Service (FAS) of Russia has found Apple Rus responsible for fixing prices for a number of iPhone models of the fifth and sixth series, Deputy Head of the regulator Andrei Tsarikovsky said on March 14 during the consideration of the case. In particular, the watchdog stated violations in respect of smartphones iPhone 5s, 5c, 6, 6 Plus, 6s and 6s Plus. Apple denied claims saying it does not force iPhone prices on retail networks. Resellers set their own prices for Apple products both in Russia and around the world, the company said. However, the US corporation cooperated with FAS later, recognized and closed out the violation. {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Top News May 19, 7:28 Ukrainian opposition to contest ban on Russian websites in court May 19, 7:28 May 19, 9:30 Iran heads to polling stations to elect new president May 19, 9:30 May 19, 9:15 Venezuela to import 60,000 tonnes of Russian wheat per month May 19, 9:15 May 19, 2:17 WADA approves creation of Independent Anti-Doping Testing Agency May 19, 2:17 In other media Реклама Photo 12 The 2017 World Car of the Year and its rivals at the New York Auto Show 15 How Russians conquered the Arctic in vintage photos 13 Futuristic supercars at the Geneva Motor Show Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 Gas agreement signed by Russia, Ukraine and the EU Altai gas pipeline Economical sanctions against Russia Most read Now Today This week 1 Venezuela to import 60,000 tonnes of Russian wheat per month 2 Russian MPs state US strike in Syria undermines anti-terrorism effort 3 Diplomat slams US State Department’s report on Assad regime crimes as unfounded 4 Putin: Advanced ballistic missile systems to beef up Russia's strategic forces 5 Russia's Baltic fleet in photos 6 Russian investigators open more criminal cases over Donbass shellings 7 Russia starts forming air assault battalion in Crimea 1 Putin: Advanced ballistic missile systems to beef up Russia's strategic forces 2 Russia starts forming air assault battalion in Crimea 3 Kremlin mum on Mueller’s appointment in light of upcoming Putin-Trump meeting 4 Russian senator says preparations underway in US to impeach Trump 5 Kremlin mum on prospects of Russia-US ties should Trump be impeached 6 First ferry service links Russia’s Vladivostok and North Korea 7 Russian defense company awaits final go-ahead to test unmanned armored vehicles 1 Lavrov briefed Putin on his meeting with Trump 2 Russia not the one to be afraid of anything — Putin 3 Russian missile warning systems tracked North Korea’s missile launch 4 Trump defends right to share facts about war on terror with Russia 5 TASS photographer calls on US journalists to preserve dignity 6 US heavy drone spotted over Black Sea — source 7 Moscow dismisses reports Trump revealed secret information to Russia as political pressure TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] iOS 9.2.1 Problems: 5 Things You Need to Know Adam Mills02/25/2016 Apple’s iOS 9.2.1 update is focused on fixing problems but it also brings some problems of its own. Today we want to take a look at these iOS 9.2.1 problems and provide you with some resources that should help if you run into an issue with Apple’s current upgrade for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. In December, Apple confirmed an iOS 9.2.1 beta for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. The beta confirmed the existence of an iOS 9.2.1 update but it didn’t confirm a release date. In mid-January, without warning, Apple took the iOS 9.2.1 update out of beta and released it for iOS 9 users around the world. iOS 9.2.1 is a small incremental update but it could have a big impact on iPhones, iPads and iPod touches. iOS 9.2.1 is a bug fix update that also delivers security fixes to the iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. It also, according to some iOS 9.2.1 users, brings some problems of its own. This isn’t surprising to us and it shouldn’t be surprising to you either. iOS updates, even tiny ones like the iOS 9.2.1 update, always bring problems with them. Apple’s beta wipes out the most glaring issues but problems always slip through the cracks. The iOS 9.2.1 update is now a month old and we continue to see complaints about iOS 9.2.1. We expect complaints about the iOS 9.2.1 update for weeks, even after Apple releases its next iOS 9 update. (Probably iOS 9.3.) With that in mind, we want to outline what you need to know about these issues. This roundup provides a quick look at current iOS 9.2.1 problems, fixes for iOS 9.2.1 problems, and more. iOS 9.2.1 Problems Apple fixed those pesky iOS 9.2.1 Safari issues but there are still a number of problems with the latest upgrade. iPad Pro users are complaining about keyboard lag issues that apparently persist after the iOS 9.2.1 update. iPad users are also complaining about a volume indicator bug that carries over from the previous version of iOS 9. iPhone users are complaining about perceived bad iOS 9.2.1 battery life. We’re also seeing complaints about Notes and Safari. iOS 9.2.1 more stable and smoother than 9.2. For some reason battery life drops quicker — ball is life (@DarthSlimShady) January 19, 2016 Anyone else experiencing their iPhone battery draining faster than normal after upgrading to iOS 9.2.1? — E is for Erin (@baseballbabe_8) February 18, 2016 This battery drain with iOS 9.2.1 is driving me mad. Not used it all day and down to 40% — Papa Brian (@brian_ryan81) February 17, 2016 Blimey. iOS 9.2.1 is a battery hog! What is it DOING? — Chris Ferguson (@Abstractnoise) February 17, 2016 In addition to those issues, the iPhone 6s battery percentage problem is also present on the iOS 9.2.1 update. Apple says that it still hasn’t worked out an official bug fix for the issue but there’s a chance the next iOS 9 update will feature a fix. We’ve been using the iOS 9.3 beta 4 and we haven’t run into the battery percentage bug on the iPhone. Yet. Thats’s a good sign. More recently, users have discovered a very serious flaw affecting iPhone and iPad owners on iOS 8 and iOS 9. An iOS “1970” date trick/bug reportedly can cause any device with a 64-bit process to become unusable. In some cases temporarily, in others, permanently it seems. The issue is outlined in the video above. Fortunately, it looks like the latest iOS 9.3 beta fixes the issue which means the iOS 9.3 update should fix the problem for good when it’s released to the public. We’ve been using the iOS 9.2.1 update for a few weeks now but we haven’t run into any experience-breaking bugs on iOS 9.2.1. (Other than that 1970 date bug that we haven’t tried ourselves for obvious reasons.) That said, you’re taking a risk (especially if you own an older device) by installing the iOS 9.2.1. That’s why we recommend taking a few steps to prepare yourself, and your device, for iOS 9.2.1. Where to Find Feedback About iOS 9.2.1 You’ll want to keep an eye out for feedback about the iOS 9.2.1 update and its performance as we push further away from the release date. Updated my iPhone to iOS 9.2.1 and my phone feels like it's on triple shots of espresso — Jonathan Pena (@JoeNathan56) January 19, 2016 We’ve put together a couple of guides to help you. One is an iOS 9.2.1 review that outlines performance and issues on several devices including the iPhone 6s and iPhone 5. We’ve also put together some reasons why you might want to install iOS 9.2.1 right now and some reasons why you might want to avoid it for the time being. If you choose not to install iOS 9.2.1 today, monitor feedback for potential problems and bugs. We recommend keeping an eye on YouTube, Apple’s discussion forums, and the MacRumors forums for additional feedback about iOS 9.2 and iOS 9.2 problems. This feedback is going to be extremely valuable for all iOS users but particularly those who are coming from an older version of iOS. If you own an iPhone 4s or an original iPad mini, and you’re running something older than iOS 9, you’ll absolutely want to dig into this feedback before making a move. Remember, once you upgrade to iOS 9, there’s no going back. Fix for “Error 53” It’s worth noting that Apple is rolling out a new iOS 9.2.1 build to iPhone 6, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 6s Plus, iPad mini 4, iPad mini 3, iPad Air 2, and iPad Pro users who use iTunes to update to new software. The update isn’t designed for those who update Over-the-Air through settings. This new iOS 9.2.1 build fixes the “Error 53” problem that bricked some devices after they were repaired through third-party avenues. The new build restores devices that’ve been disabled by this problem and it will also prevent future “Error 53” issues. How to Fix iOS 9.2.1 Problems If you run into an iOS 9.2.1 problem today, tomorrow or in the future, don’t panic. There’s probably a fix out there for your issue. If you start seeing issues on your iPhone, iPad or iPod touch, take a look at our list of fixes for common iOS 9 problems. It features fixes for the most common problems which include battery drain, Wi-Fi issues, and problems with Bluetooth. It also features a fix for the iPhone 6s battery percentage bug. If you can’t find a fix there, take a look at Apple’s discussion forums for iPhone, iPad, Apple Music, and more. The users there are generally very helpful and there’s a good chance that you’ll find someone with a fix for your problem on there. You Can’t Downgrade to iOS 9.2 If you decide that you can no longer tolerate iOS 9.2.1 and its issues you’ll need to find a manual fix because there’s no longer a way to drop down to iOS 9.2. Apple’s plugged up the loophole which means that once you install iOS 9.2.1 (and its problems), you’re stuck there until the company releases another iOS update, probably iOS 9.3. What’s Next Apple’s next update probably won’t arrive for a few more weeks. The iOS 9.3 update is currently in beta and it’s expected to touch down in the spring with a huge change log for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. Apple is reportedly planning a March 15th event for its new iPhone 5se (with a release now rumored for March 18th) so there’s a good chance we’ll see the iOS 9.3 update arrive in and around that date. Keep an eye on the iOS 9.3 beta to get a feel for the changes and potential fixes that could arrive with the final release. iOS 9.3 Release Date & Time: 5 Things to Expect & 4 Not To Don't Expect Night Shift for Every Device   1 / 9 Don't expect one of the best iOS 9.3 features to come to every device.  The iOS 9.3 update will deliver a brand new feature called Night Shift. Night Shift is similar to F.lux for Mac in that it adjusts blue light coming from your display in an attempt to help you get better sleep. Unlike F.lux, Night Shift is for all iPhone owners. (You have to jailbreak to get f.lux on your iPhone or iPad.) Not just any old iPhone though. It looks like Night Shift will only come to select iPhone models. More specifically, it's not expected to work on iOS devices that have older, 32-bit processors. That list includes the iPhone 5, iPhone 5c, iPhone 4s, iPad 4, iPad 3, iPad 2, the original iPad mini, and the 5th-generation iPod Touch. Apple loves to please its customers but don't expect this to change between now and the public release of iOS 9.3. If you want a Night Shift type feature on your iPhone, and you own an older model, you'll probably have to jailbreak to get it because Apple's not letting competitors into the App Store.   1 / 9 47 Responses 01/19/2016 Samuelvwashington Reply 0=3my best friend’s half-sister makes $87 /hr on the laptop . She has been out of a job for eight months but last month her check was $16467 just working on the laptop for a few hours. find more info…. See More 01/24/2016 Edward Riddick Reply These aren’t issues caused by this update. According to you they were all present in the last update. Also why would I downgrade if the issues were still there? I updated and everything is the same. 01/26/2016 Justin Reply I have two Iphone 5 phones. After 9.2.0 both of them have the exact same problems. 9.2.1 didn’t fix it. The battery life doesn’t work correctly. It will stay at 100% the entire time and then just be dead. Yes the phones work ok but not knowing how much battery life you have is getting old. The other problem both have is the inbox in the email app has went blank and never shows any emails. They are there if I check through the web. I have tried reinstalling the update, resetting the phones and everything else I could find online. 01/28/2016 Mike Shazes Reply My last names on my phone contact list disappeared. 01/31/2016 jay Reply ios 9.2.1 to iphone6 brought never ever faced issues. First the apps can be neither updated or downloaded. Then the battery drains out way too quickly and the phone gets unusually heated up. On top that when i try to open any app it opens slow as slug. etc etc Is there a quick fix all these issues or can I go back to previous version of ios? It makes me think when I updated the new ios over wifi i might have gotten a bug??? Heck iphone.. 03/23/2016 AP Reply hi Jay Any luck with solving these issues? 01/31/2016 jay Reply I’m gonna downgrade to 9.1, let see if that’ll take the frustration out,,,> 03/04/2016 JSmiT Reply Did you get a fix to your issues? I’m having the exact issues as yours 02/02/2016 Jordan Barrett Reply after the update my GPS is constantly in use via the symbol in the top-right. No location services are set to “always”, but the most often ones in use are Compass Calibration and Cell Network Search. It’s like they never stop using GPS unless I reset my phone (6S). 03/30/2016 Jan Reply I have the same prob with GPS and I have 9.3 02/03/2016 goo gle isEvil Reply Where is the coverage of the common problem with ios9 mail app saying “This message has not been downloaded from the server”? 02/12/2016 Sylvia caudill Reply Ever since I downloaded is 9.2.1 my phone is totally screwed up. It makes phone calls without me doing it. It switches from screen to different screens. It shuts off while I talking on phone. Sometimes I cannot make calls. The mute button keeps switching on by itself. 02/19/2016 Tammy Reply Sylvia – my phone wont work either. I can text in/out; however, I can’t make any phone calls and all received go straight to voicemail. 02/13/2016 Alex Sharpe Reply This is the single-worst iOS update I have ever experienced. Since the latest update, I my iPhone 6 is now so frustrating to use in almost every way, that I almost want to trade it for a different type of phone. Between storage space bugs and iCloud data syncing, apps freezing and crashing or just simply refusing to open/load, slowness in rendering and other pesky bugs, I almost cannot stand it any longer. This needs to be fixed NOW. Especially the storage space bug, I can’t download new apps anymore, even though I have pretty much 60% space freed up. Every time I delete an app to re-download it because it was bugging out, I can’t re-download it because there’s somehow “not enough space”. Sometimes, I manage to hard re-start my iPhone and I can download apps again, but usually, it stays the same. It seems that the problems only continue to get worse, or maybe it is just me going crazy because I can’t get anything done. 03/02/2016 Jonas Faizi Reply Alex, I have the same storage problem that is causing the rest of the issues you mentioned. I hard-restarted it myself yesterday, but it went back to the same things again this mornings. Possibly the worst bug Apple has ever had when concerning easy use of their iOS. Have you managed to fix this bug or controlled it? To keep rebooting this phone is useless in the end, cannot do that everyday. Thinking of buying a new phone, a Samsung model. Apples decreasing quality and increasing design is so disfunctional it makes everyday life harder, not easier to manage. That is not why they created this phone, I’m sure. Not according to their humorist if marketing, anyways. 02/14/2016 Alex Sharpe Reply I forgot to mention another huge bug. When recording video, a lot of times the flashlight will glitch on and the video will appear blurry as well, and not record right – especially appearing when posting to Facebook. 02/18/2016 Jack Roberts Reply Android doesn’t have any of these issue. just sayin 02/19/2016 David Goodwin Reply This is one of worst post that I have every read!!!! You could cut out half of the damn thing, because it’s so repetitive. The word “problems” is used more times than I want to begin to count and the way each individual IPhone is listed in places is appalling, when just saying all iPhones from the 6 and up is effected would work. Most readers now days, especially readers on tech just want to get to the point of a topic and be informed in an efficient way. This post is the opposite of that and if the author is paid in any shape or form needs to be relieved of their duties. The best part of this whole piece is the other readers that left comments about the issues they are having!!! So now I’m not only aggravated about my problems with my new IOS updates but also having to read this particular post on the topic! Good job Adam Mills 02/19/2016 Sylvia caudill Reply I hooked my iPhone to my laptop, transferred all data to iTunes. Cannot transfer contacts to iTunes so I sent it to iCloud. I restored phone to factory settings from iTunes. I have no more problems with phone. 02/19/2016 Sylvia caudill Reply I reset iPhone to factory settings thru iTunes and transferred contact thru iCloud and have no more problems with phone. 02/21/2016 Clarinet Reply I agree that the post is appallingly inefficiently written. Impresume it is to drag you pat more advert. Waste of my time. Bye bye gottabemobile. 02/20/2016 Enzo Reply Latest version of Yahoo! Weather app -the most recent culprit for Outrageous Battery Drain? I’ve encountered severe battery drain on my iPhone 4s and iPad Air 2 running iOS 9.2.1 . I was suspecting the iOS update, but I noticed the location indicator showing up more than usual. In fact unusually more. After disabling numerous location services for various apps under the privacy settings -it was not until I changed location services on Yahoo! Weather from ‘Always’ to ‘While Using’ that my outrageous battery drainage stopped. I thought I should pass on the info.. 02/21/2016 Indiana Lyon Reply This update is absolutely terrible, ever since I got it, my phone says it has 0 bytes of available storage, even though I have added up the numbers, and I have even deleted multiple gb. apps, and I have even just sat there and watched the storage plummet from 2 gigs to 0 in a matter of seconds. I can’t update anything or download any more apps no matter what I do. Now I just have to wait for another update to come out which could take a matter of months! 03/02/2016 Jonas Faizi Reply I have the same storage problem. We are not alone. Have you found a fix? Resetting the phone to factory settings will work temporarily I have found out, but this only worked less than 12 for my parts. 02/22/2016 Anne Reply A major issue with 9.2.1 is the Game Center. It won’t open and freezes. It’s driving me crazy. Other users have had problems with IOS 9.2.1 and Game Center also. Apple needs to fix this ASAP 02/23/2016 Zach Reply Anne, I have been on iOS 9.3 Public Beta since it came out and Game Center still isn’t fixed 02/25/2016 Jenniferjdanforth Reply see0=1m­­­­­­­­­y b­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­s­­­­­­­­­t f­­­­­­­­­r­­­­­­­­­i­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­n­­­­­­­­­d’s h­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­l­­­­­­­­­f-s­­­­­­­­­i­­­­­­­­­s­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­r m­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­k­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­s $87 /h­­­­­­­­­r o­­­­­­­­­n t­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­e l­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­p­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­p . S­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­e h­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­s b­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­n o­­­­­­­­­u­­­­­­­­­t o­­­­­­­­­f a j­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­b f­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­r e­­­­­­­­­i­­­­­­­­­g­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­t m­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­n­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­s b­­­­­­­­­u­­­­­­­­­t l­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­s­­­­­­­­­t m­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­n­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­h h­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­r c­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­c­­­­­­­­­k w­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­s $16467 j­­­­­­­­­u­­­­­­­­­s­­­­­­­­­t w­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­r­­­­­­­­­k­­­­­­­­­i­­­­­­­­­n­­­­­­­­­g o­­­­­­­­­n t­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­e l­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­p­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­p f­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­r a f­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­w h­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­u­­­­­­­­­r­­­­­­­­­s. find more info… See More 02/26/2016 Dikkydrugbaron Reply hey I have made no money whatsoever from these get rich quick schemes; and neither will you. So start selling crack like I did! repeat customers guaranteed and massive profits, plus free food and lodgeings for years after your caught. 02/27/2016 alexandrugisca102 Reply 20%-60% battery just in 10 minutes :I 02/28/2016 Bee Reply I cannot open my iphone after updating ios 9.2 what should i do? 03/05/2016 Sylvia caudill Reply After two hard resets my phone is working with no problems at all 03/09/2016 joe conery Reply I hope 9.3 comes soon… I have 9.2.1 and I’ve had my phone replaced twice but problems persist… I have 2 issues: 1) screen freezes and a lack of touchscreen response leaving my to do a hard reboot hoping that I’ll be able to unlock with my pin code 2) phantom touches… Apps just start opening on their own. Random letters start typing themselves, etc. I have the RSA security token app for logging into work vpn. It needs to import a soft token which does NOT transfer when I change phones. This is a huge problem for me right now. I don’t know if my issue is due to ios alone or perhaps an app like rsa security token on this OS is triggering the problem. Either way the ios is not isolating any processing bugs. The issue makes my phone nearly useless and when I replace it, I need to file a request with my IT dept. to get another token for to install. Uggghhhh! Cook is F-ing sh!t up. My householh has macbooks, an iMac, 3 appleTVs, 2 iphones, an ipad and an ipad mini….I’ve been onboard ever since they went to a unix based OS. Do I really need to consider switching to android?! 03/11/2016 Tyler Reply I am havin the exact same issues. Text is always locking and often freezes, also apps seem to have a mind of their own.. Opening all the time and locking up as well 03/09/2016 william Reply my iphone 5s won’t let me leave youtube 03/09/2016 william Reply i have 9.2.1 it getting on my nerves apple fix ur frekin phones 03/11/2016 Nigel Vine Reply I have instability problems with my iPad Mini 3 ever since I upgraded to IOS 9.2.1 the screen is constantly changing as new apps keep opening. And when asked to fill in username & password it begins rapidly typing away, you have to quickly reset before u get logged out. Took it to Apple they said the fault was because I had changed a cracked screen that the new update didn’t recognise !!! Consequently, they refused to do anything. Is there anybody who can help me, PLEASE.!! 03/13/2016 abhi Reply just usually when i use iphone to watch any vidoes is gets heated suddenly. and some of videos are not supported for this 9.2.1 verson . and bugs are entering using whatsapp . 03/13/2016 abhi Reply and plz send any updates to iphone 5s to resolve problems to use whatsapp 03/20/2016 Anna Reply I’m having so many problems with 9.2.1! I put off this update for quite sometime because I didn’t have the storage to do it without my computer. my phone started to add blank pictures to my camera roll, my apps would close unexpectedly, phone would vibrate for a solid 5 seconds for no reason, messages wouldn’t send and dissapeared same for incoming messages. seems the only problem I’m NOT having is the battery trouble! I’m getting tired of having to reset my phone every 10 minutes. 03/23/2016 farzad Reply i have ios 9.2.1 but in my phone dont show new update ios 9.3. why? 03/24/2016 TeeT Reply Okay, I’ve been managing iOS 9.2.1 for a while now, and the worst just happened when my home button all of a sudden started lagging…. If we managing the improved os, do you know what it means for and home button to stop working on an apple phone, it means you’re stuck in an app…I cannot be stucked in an app Apple… Control and notification centers are both not working… Deleted numerous apps… When do we get iOS 9.3??? 03/27/2016 Tony Reply Battery and internet problems. A Google search works fine but nothing happens when I click on any of the links in the search. 03/27/2016 Peter Reply For my wife (iPhone 6) and me (iPhone 5s) it seems to be related to temperature. Every time we bring our phones to the mountains and store it in an outer pocket on our jackets (for easily reach), it is running empty in very short time. But back on the cabin and connected to charger it is going strait up to more than 50%. 04/01/2016 Nadim elias Reply Since I upgraded ti 9.2 my reply or forward mails are not going out from my IMAP company account mail 05/04/2016 no Reply i would really love nothing more then to cross paths with the person or persons who live a rich life due to all us apple phone users. never once was my payment late. never once has my company failed helping apple make money. but recently i have updated my iphone4s . (i know the phone is old ) and it made it useless. i have wasted so many hrs trying to do all these nonsense fixes that apple has posted pretending to care. if they can send an update why cant they send something to me that fixes everything that the update they pushed on all of us has caused. what im saying is i have lost multiple opertunities for making money as well makes the company i spent my whole life building look awful. i am big on follow ups and responding to homeowners who call requesting my service. when the first of the month comes im sure no one will care about why i cant pay the monthly service agreement. if i mess something up when i provide a service i do whatever it takes to make it right and beyond!!! i am a small nobody in this world. COME ON APPLE !! help me make u more rich! i would really like to keep all of the iphone devices but if i have to take any more of my time to make this right i will be taking my buisness to a company that fixes what they make wrong 09/13/2016 Baffour Yeboah Reply I have 9.2.1and my camera icon doesnt even appear on my home screen though I’ve turned it on 05/18/2017 Service manuals Reply First of all I would like to say awesome blog! I had a quick question in which I’d like to ask if you do not mind. I was interested to know how you center yourself and clear your thoughts before writing. I’ve had a tough time clearing my mind in getting my thoughts out there. I do take pleasure in writing however it just seems like the first 10 to 15 minutes are generally wasted simply just trying to figure out how to begin. Any ideas or hints? Kudos! Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 18 May 2017 | MYT 3:55 PM Top foreign and local stories at 4pm Energy Brent crude was 0.29% lower to US$52.06 per barrel at 3.41pm. Forex Ringgit down 0.07% to 4.3265 versus the US dollar at 3.49pm. Top foreign stories  Japan’s economy expands at fastest pace in a year in Jan-March: Japan’s economy grew in the first quarter at its fastest pace in a year to mark the longest period of expansion in a decade, thanks to robust exports and a helpful boost from private consumption. Japan’s economy expanded an annualised 2.2% in January-March, exceeding a median market forecast for a 1.7% rise to post the fastest growth rate since January-March 2016, Cabinet Office data showed. — Reuters Philippine Q1 GDP growth weakest in a year, but rate rise on cards: The Philippine economy grew at its slowest pace in more than a year in the first quarter on weaker government spending, but strong exports and domestic consumption suggest the country remains poised to raise rates this year. Gross domestic product grew 6.4% in January-March from a year earlier, below forecasts for 6.8% growth and the slowest since the last quarter of 2015. — Reuters EU fines Facebook 110mil euros over ‘misleading’ info in WhatsApp takeover: The European Commission on Thursday fined US social media giant Facebook 110 million euros (US$120 million) for providing incorrect and misleading information on its takeover of WhatsApp. — AFP Qualcomm ups ante in fight with Apple, sues four Taiwanese suppliers: Chipmaker Qualcomm Inc has escalated its patent battle with Apple Inc, suing Foxconn and three other Taiwanese manufacturers that supply iPhone and iPad components for not paying royalties. — Reuters Embattled Noble Group faces key financing test after market slump: Singapore-listed Noble Group faces a key financing test over the next few weeks as it negotiates a rollover of credit facilities against the backdrop of a surprise quarterly loss that pummelled market confidence in the commodity trader. A US$2 billion credit facility, secured on its inventories and working capital, is due to be rolled over by the end of June. — Reuters Second US buyout firm bids for Australia’s Fairfax Media: Australia’s oldest newspaper publisher Fairfax Media Ltd on Thursday said it has received a takeover bid worth as much as A$2.87 billion (US$2.13 billion) from a second US private equity firm. The surprise offer from buyout firm Hellman & Friedman values Fairfax at A$1.225 to A$1.25 a share, compared to an earlier offer from TPG Capital Management and Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan Board of A$1.20 a share. — Reuters S. Korea lowers hopes for drastic reform of chaebol: South Korea’s prospective antitrust chief, Kim Sang-jo, on Thursday said there no hurry to unravel the complex and opaque structures behind the powerful family-run conglomerates that dominate Asia’s fourth-largest economy. — Reuters Top local stories Malaysia’s solid exports, demand likely spurred faster Q1 growth: Malaysia is expected to report on Friday that its pace of economic growth picked up in the first quarter, thanks to surging exports and resilient domestic demand. The median forecast in a Reuters poll of 12 economists was for 4.8% annual growth in January-March, up from 4.5% the previous quarter. — Reuters Ringgit best performing currency in Asia ex-Japan in Q2: The ringgit is the best-performing currency in Asia ex-Japan so far in the second quarter, gaining 2.5% against the US dollar, says Standard Chartered Global Research. — StarBiz Resorts World Las Vegas pushes opening date to 2020: Genting Group said its proposed Resorts World Las Vegas is expected to see full construction commencing in the third quarter of this year, aiming for opening in 2020. Genting also announced the appointment of Edward Farrell as president of Resorts World Las Vegas. — StarBiz  Moody’s: Genting Singapore’s redemption of debt notes credit positive: The move by Genting group’s Genting Singapore to redeem all of its outstanding S$2.3bil (US$1.6bil) perpetual securities on their respective call dates later this year is credit positive, says Moody’s Investors Service. The call redemption, which Genting Singapore (A3 stable) will fund using its cash and cash equivalents, will substantially improve the company’s credit metrics over the next 12 to 18 months, it said. — StarBiz Kenanga-Rakuten online trading platform eyes 30% retail market share: Malaysia’s first fully online trading platform, iSPEED.my aims to capture up to 30% of the country’s retail market share in the next two to three years. The mobile app was launched on Thursday by Rakuten Trade Sdn Bhd, a joint venture between Kenanga Investment Bank Bhd and Japan-based Rakuten Securities Inc. — StarBiz Celcom and Ericsson bring 5G to Malaysia: The domestic telecommunications technology is set to evolve into a whole new level after Celcom Axiata Bhd and Ericsson on Thursday conducted the country’s first 5G trial. — Bernama Tags / Keywords: News Related Stories You May Be Interested Diary Malaysia Friday May 19 MAHB confirms sale of minority stake in Istanbul airport The evolution of mobile phones Coway promotes a healthy lifestyle When the CEO is your mentor 10 after work habits for personal success Others Also Read Security experts find clues to ransomware worm’s lingering risks Camel meat on the buffet line 100 more graduate from tunnelling academy Property Related advertisement Latest News US oil output back near records, challenging Opec BNM: Financial institutions closes 238 suspicious accounts Singapore Air has a cheap lesson for Cathay Pacific Bain to submit bid for majority stake in Toshiba chip unit Indonesia central bank urges S&P to upgrade credit rating from junk Most Viewed in Business Malaysia's economy expands faster at 5.6% in Q1 Malaysia's online trading landscape shake-up Singapore Air has a cheap lesson for Cathay Pacific Ringgit extends losses against US$ early Friday RHB Research starts coverage of Lion Industries with RM1.46 target price Priceworth gets green light to log at Sabah forest reserve Don’t sell Asian assets just yet, rapid growth seen Vitrox results trounce expectations Bursa Malaysia ends higher at midday on lifted confidence World’s 500 richest people lose RM152bil from Trump turmoil advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Menu asia times EST 1995 South Asia | Apple to start making iPhones in India Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Like Follow Follow Subscribe To The Daily Brief Search Main China India Regions Northeast Asia Southeast Asia South Asia Central Asia Middle East Opinion More Politics Business Culture About Us Search TheBrief Main Latest 19-05-2017 13:00 Corruption is thought to cost China US$86 billion each year. Graft is tackled by may departments and bringing them under one new authority may lead to clashes with existing anti-corruption authorities and inconsistencies with present laws. (Zhiqiong June Wang) 19-05-2017 12:56 Asia times shares a sneak peek via our video into the Affordable Art Fair that is hitting Hong Kong this weekend, where one need not be a billionaire to be able to buy some works from around the region. (Johan Nylander) 19-05-2017 11:41 Opinion // France ready to sell new fighter jets, submarines to India (Emanuele Scimia) 19-05-2017 10:00 The idea of a grand bargain between the United States and Russia is less popular in Washington than ever before. And yet one of the biggest foreign policy problems for the US — that of North Korea — cannot be resolved without Russia’s participation. (Leonid Bershidsky, Bloomberg) 19-05-2017 08:47 A new ferry between isolated North Korea and Russia docked for the first time at the Pacific port of Vladivostok on Thursday, in spite of U.S. calls for countries to curtail relations with Pyongyang over its nuclear and missile programs. (Reuters) 19-05-2017 07:30 Donald Trump’s unpredictability in foreign affairs has turned the US into a “geopolitical wildcard,” a new global risk report warned Friday. (Johan Nylander) 19-05-2017 07:05 Warnings of a North Korean missile attack on the US mainland are exaggerated and dangerous, according to a risk analyst. (Johan Nylander) 19-05-2017 02:33 Capital Link International CEO Brett McGonegal discusses how the turmoil engulfing the White House is affecting stock markets 19-05-2017 02:08 Opinion // Central Asia’s seeping Silk Road patches (Gary Kleiman) 18-05-2017 18:27 A foreigner bought the so-called “Hong Kong’s most haunted apartment”, where a family of six people died in 1996, in Tsuen Wan in New Territories with a 50% discount to the market price. (Asia Times staff) 18-05-2017 17:53 While some Indians view ongoing anti-corruption raids as proof of the federal government’s resolve to root out corruption, others see them as proof of a political vendetta by the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (E Jaya Kumar) 18-05-2017 17:00 South Korean director Bong Joon-ho talks about the industry blacklist under former president Park Geun-hye, the future under new leader Moon Jae-in and, of course, his latest film Okja. (Jung Ha-won) 18-05-2017 16:20 Apple is all set to roll out its iconic iPhone with a "Made in India" tag after its original equipment manufacturer, Wistron Corp, confirmed it is making the iPhone SE from its plant in Bangalore. (Asia Times staff) 18-05-2017 16:00 Myanmar's Rakhine state conflict risks morphing into a volatile mix of armed resistance and criminal activity, a situation that will further jeopardize the persecuted ethnic Rohingya minority. (David Scott Mathieson) 18-05-2017 16:00 The Association of Southeast Asian Nations has been collectively silent on Myanmar's spiraling ethnic Rohingya crisis, despite rising political, security and economic risks (Jera Lego) 18-05-2017 15:37 Drug squad busts Vietnamese pot farmers in Hong Kong in biggest haul of locally cultivated marijuana in 27 years. (Asia Times staff) 18-05-2017 15:18 Opinion // Why Spain agreed to extradite Taiwanese nationals to mainland China (Zachary Haver) 18-05-2017 14:38 Collaboration is key for Europe’s football giants if they want to be on the winning side in China, Simon Chadwick writes. (Simon Chadwick) 18-05-2017 14:28 Sources say pro-Trump NSC analyst Adam Lovinger had his security clearance taken away due to partisan political reasons and his belief that the ONA was failing to address the threats posed by radical Islam, Iran and China. (Doug Tsuruoka) 18-05-2017 14:13 A local automobile association in Hong Kong is trying to steer the development of electric vehicles back toward the right track, pioneering an open forum on the future of new energy cars. (Steve Wang and Lin Wanxia) 18-05-2017 14:02 The United Nations Security Council has issued sanctions against North Korea for its nuclear and ballistic missile programs. Other nations have set their own sanctions. Here is a breakdown. (Reuters) 18-05-2017 13:50 A High Court judge on Wednesday sentenced an African construction worker to nine years' jail for indecently assaulting and raping his maid two years ago. (Asia Times staff) 18-05-2017 13:32 If the United States ever seriously considered a pre-emptive strike against North Korea’s nuclear sites and missile bases, it would have plenty of targets to choose from. Maybe too many. (Todd Crowell) 18-05-2017 12:41 After announcing an arms deal in Riyadh, US President Donald Trump will stop at the Vatican and Jerusalem in an itinerary that is designed to send a strong symbolic message. (Sami Moubayed) 18-05-2017 12:08 South Korean President Moon Jae-in said on Wednesday there was a "high possibility" of conflict with North Korea, which is pressing ahead with nuclear and missile programs it says it needs to counter US aggression. (Reuters) 18-05-2017 11:48 Japan's economy grew at the fastest pace in a year in the first quarter to mark the longest period of expansion in a decade, heightening prospects that overseas demand will underpin a steady recovery. (Reuters) 18-05-2017 11:34 What would a North Korean refugee crisis look like? (Steve Mollman, Quartz) 18-05-2017 11:26 Opinion // Innovative China: Baidu on road to self-driving cars by 2020 (Carly O'Connell) 17-05-2017 21:43 Opinion // On the demise of the English language, here and there (Neville Sarony) 17-05-2017 17:21 In another step to open up China's capital markets, Hong Kong and Chinese regulators formally approved a long-awaited scheme to connect China's US$9 trillion bond market with overseas investors. (Reuters) the brief Apple's orginal equipment manufacturer Wistron Corp will be making iPhone SE from its plant in Bangalore. Photo: Reuters South AsiaBusiness Apple to start making iPhones in India Tech giant's original equipment manufacturer Wistron Corp will be making iPhone SEs from its manufacturing plant in Bangalore By Asia Times staff May 18, 2017 4:20 PM (UTC+8) Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Share 0 Comment 0 Apple is all set to roll out its iconic iPhone with a “Made in India” tag after its original equipment manufacturer, Wistron Corp, confirmed it is making the iPhone SE from its plant in Bangalore. Taiwan-based Wistron recently conducted a trial run at the factory and the phones manufactured during the process are expected to be in stores in a few weeks, according to Business Standard. “We are beginning initial production of a small number of iPhone SEs (the cheapest model of iPhone) in Bengaluru. We’ll begin shipping to domestic customers this month,” Apple sources told the daily. The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook visited India last May and met Prime Minister Narendra Modi. They reportedly discussed manufacturing of iPhones in India for the local market and export. Though the government did not agree to any tax incentives, Apple still went ahead with its plans as the fast growing Indian mobile phone market was too attractive to be missed. With a dip in iPhone sales in developed markets such as the US and China, India is now a major focus for Apple. Moreover, with devices being assembled locally, Apple will be able to save on taxes and analysts expect a dip in prices. India’s appetite for expensive devices remains small and the market is dominated by mid-level devices, with Chinese manufacturers such as Xiaomi, Lenovo and South Korean Samsung dominating this segment. According to data from the International Data Corporation, the cumulative market share of China-based vendors in India touched 51.4% in March, up from 21.2% a year ago, a jump of 143%. Xiaomi and Lenovo cashed in on online sales, while Vivo and Oppo grew through retail stores. Samsung improved its market share to 28.1% from 26.6% last year and continues to be the largest selling brand. Share Tweet Linkedin Email South Asia Business iPhone smartphones Tech Apple Comments More on this topic Market opportunity if pullback happens: Capital Link CEO McGonegal China-Hong Kong ‘bond connect’ approved by regulators Asia Unhedged Foreigner buys ‘haunted’ flat in Tsuen Wan at 50% discount Asia Times staff EVEN MORE asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin Explore Main China Southeast Asia Insights Northeast Asia World Politics Business Culture Trending Topics #South Asia #Japan #India #Middle East #Asia Unhedged #Hong Kong #Koreas About About Asia Times Contact Us Advertise with Us Write for Us Terms of Use Privacy The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox © 2017 Asia Times Holdings Limited, All Rights Reserved. Concept, design & development by RGB Media Powered by Salamandra
Search Home News Inside News Al-Bashir to attend Saudi summit with Trump Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir will be attending a summit of political leaders in Saudi Arabia where US president Trump will also be present. Henri van Breda breaks down in court Putin willing to release Trump recordings Top SA News Henri van Breda breaks down in court 'Order blocking Ntlemeza suspended' Dead toddler's family friend to face court Van Breda case: Emergency operator testifies Dlamini to account for R1 billion Maimane in talks over new coalition govt Ngubane denies accusations Top World News Al-Bashir to attend Saudi summit with Trump Putin willing to release Trump recordings S.Korean president warns of North conflict Death of Mexican journo sparks protests India allows rape victim to undergo abortion Iran presidential race thins out Trump: 'My right to share info with Russia' Business Inside Business Australian migration increases by 300% Since the removal of Pravin Gordhan as Minister of Finance, enquiries for Australian visas and citizenship have gone through the roof! Mining sector will cushion SAs economy Zuma to open Tourism Indaba in Durban Get Business Insurance Top SA Business News Australian migration increases by 300% Mining sector will cushion SAs economy Zuma to open Tourism Indaba in Durban State-owned companies need reform - Gigaba Job creation proposals still assessed How to successfully semigrate Dondo Mogajane: new acting DG of Finance Top World Business News Australian migration increases by 300% Russia, Saudi call for oil output extension Wal-Mart pushing hard to catch Amazon Top Personal Finance News Petrol price to kick in at midnight Common myths about life insurance Men more likely to seek financial advice? Sport Inside Sport Players want Super Rugby 'fiasco' answers Australia's national governing body agreed to emergency meeting after top players said the game's being damaged by axing of Super Rugby teams. Williams bolsters Blues for Stormers clash Sharapova denied French Open wild card Top Rugby Headlines Players want Super Rugby 'fiasco' answers Williams bolsters Blues for Stormers clash Bulls lock gets four week ban Top Cricket Headlines Players' mediation call after pay threat Quinton de Kock bags five awards CA threaten to not pay players Top Football Headlines Sanchez keeps Arsenal in top-four hunt Baxter unveiled! Yay or nay? Fabregas foils Watford in Chelsea title Other Sports Sharapova denied French Open wild card Federer to skip Roland Garros Nadal edges out for fifth Madrid Masters Motoring Inside Motoring Latest News New Models Road Tests Features Formula 1 Sign up for our Motoring Newsletter! Save on car Insurance VW CEO faces first probe over DieselgateVolkswagen chief executive Matthias Mueller faces probe over the 'dieselgate' scandal for the first time. GM announces drive for sustainable rubber Toyota eyes 'flying car' future Lyft, Waymo to cooperate on self-driving cars Entertain Inside Entertain Celeb News Movies Music Get More Sign up for our Entertain newsletter! Zac Efron to play notorious serial killer'High School Musical' star Zac Efron is lined up to play notorious serial killer Ted Bundy - his darkest role to date. 'Fast & Furious' star is in Cape Town Zuma sends condolences to SA actor's family Bieber hits Table Mountain [Pics] Lifestyle Inside Lifestyle Food Love & Sex Wellness & Psychology His Life Her Life Fashion & Beauty Parenting Get Life Insurance Sotheby's withdraws $30-40mn Schiele artworkSotheby's dramatically withdrew from sale an early Schiele nude valued at $30-40 million. US teen dies of caffeine overdose Study links lactose intolerance to low vitamin D levels Risk of heart attack spikes after flu Cooltech Inside Cooltech News Gadgets Games Features Apps of the Week Viral Videos Sign up for our Cooltech Newsletter! SSA: We are reinforcing SA's cyberspaceThe SSA is concerned that ordinary citizens are increasingly becoming the targets of cybercrime, and is aiming to do something about it. Illegal streaming 'kingpin' jailed 'Invisible dome' set to stop prison drones Cyber wiz shows that toys can be 'weapons' Travel Inside Travel Travel News Flights Explore SA Beyond SA Accommodation Competitions Departure Lounge Addo 'break-in' cheetahs relocatedTwo of the cheetahs that broke into Addo Elepphant National Park have been captured by rangers and will be moved to a private reserve. Free entry to CT museums this Thursday! Mpumalanga tightens up on elephant hunts This year's hottest European destinations Dating Win Tools Get more Weather Newsletters Lotto RSS Feeds Fax2Email Save on your insurance!Are you covered? Compare quotes for car, life and business insurance right now! Going somewhere? Search and book the cheapest flights right now  Need a place to stay? Find and book your accommodation online today What's in the stars for you today? Get your daily horoscope here Jobs Facebook Twitter   iafrica.com Only the good stuff Get Insurance Quotes Are you covered? Compare quotes for car, life and business insurance right now! Fax2Email Sign up for your free fax number and get faxes sent to your inbox! Could Apple be ditching the iPad Mini?Thu, 18 May 2017 8:07 AM Share Your Email A file image of iPads. Credit: AFP     Has the fashion for phablets killed off small tablets? Apple is preparing to drop the iPad mini from its range of tablets, according to a report from BGR citing a source close to Apple. The announcement could be made at Apple's WWDC (Worldwide Developers Conference) which will be held on June 5-9 in the US city of San José. Launched in 2012, but with no updates since 2015, the iPad mini 7.9-inch tablet was used by Apple to compete with Google's Nexus 7 and Amazon's Kindle Fire in the small tablet market which was booming at that time. Five years later, the market has changed. The main reason for dropping the iPad mini is thought to be the significant drop in sales. Many users now prefer a smartphone with a big screen (an iPhone 6s Plus or an iPhone 7 Plus) rather than a small tablet. Also, buyers could be dissuaded by the fact that prices for the latest version of device start at $399 for the Wi-Fi version with 128GB of storage. That's only slightly cheaper than the new 9.7-inch iPad, for which prices start at $429 for the same configuration (and only $329 for the 32GB version). Even though tablet sales have been declining worldwide since 2015, Apple CEO Tim Cook is still very optimistic about the iPad, which he plans to keep positioned at the top end of the market as a PC alternative. It's rumored that a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro (putting it between the 9.7 and 12.9-inch models) could be unveiled at the WWDC. Apple's WWDC brings together developers and creatives from all over the world. Over a thousand Apple engineers will be at this year's event to meet and engage with developers. WWDC, June 5-9, 2017, San José, website: developer.apple.com/wwdc AFP Relaxnews Related Articles Amazon introduces free calling feature Apple's iPhone camera masterclass Samsung: 1 billion to market capitalisation Tablet market continues to slide Read More TECH APPLE IPAD GADGETS TABLETS Comments Please Note By commenting on this article, you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the iafrica.com comments system. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus In Focus Today News Business Sport Al-Bashir to attend Saudi summit with Trump Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir will be attending a summit of political leaders in Saudi Arabia where US president Trump will also be present. Read more › Australian migration increases by 300% Since the removal of Pravin Gordhan as Minister of Finance, enquiries for Australian visas and citizenship have gone through the roof! Read more › Players want Super Rugby 'fiasco' answers Australia's national governing body agreed to emergency meeting after top players said the game's being damaged by axing of Super Rugby teams. Read more › Sponsored Links Wine Of The Week Work Money Smarter Save on insurance Dating Women Men Search Find love now. Join for free! iafrica on Facebook Subscribe to our Newsletters Your Daily News Get daily local and international News, Sport and Business highlights to your inbox. The Tech Set Tech savvy geeks and normal peeps chomp at the bits (pun intended) for their weekly fix! The Spotlight All the hottest Entertainment News from around the globe in your inbox every week. The Good Life Get your weekly Lifestyle highlights sent straight to your inbox. Go Full Throttle! Rev those engines and subscribe to the Full Throttle weekly motoring newsletter. Travel Bug! All the latest Travel News in your inbox every week. Yes No Do you wish to receive promotions from our partners? Home Contact Feedback Advertising Services About us Newsletters Mobi site Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions DMMA ADTECH © Copyright 2002-2017 iafrica.com
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Apple (AAPL) Recent Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Ulta Beauty (ULTA) Quest Diagnostics Inc (DGX) Now Covered by Analysts at Argus Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Thomas Cook Group plc’s (TCG) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Shore Capital Peel Hunt Reaffirms Add Rating for Land Securities Group plc (LAND) Berendsen PLC’s (BRSN) Add Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (MLM) Decreased by Analyst ConvaTec Group PLC (CTEC) Earns Buy Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Cybg Plc (CYBG) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd Panmure Gordon Cuts Centamin PLC (CEY) Price Target to GBX 202 Clarkson PLC (CKN) PT Raised to GBX 3,300 at Liberum Capital British American Tobacco plc’s (BATS) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Berenberg Bank Williams Capital Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Oasis Petroleum Inc. (OAS) BBA Aviation plc (BBA) Earns Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Arix Bioscience PLC (ARIX) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at Jefferies Group LLC HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms Reduce Rating for AstraZeneca plc (AZN) RMR Group Inc (RMR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by FBR & Co Pan American Silver Corp. (PAAS) Price Target Increased to $22.00 by Analysts at FBR & Co Tesoro Logistics LP (TLLP) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Apple (AAPL) May 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Several analysts have recently updated their ratings and price targets for Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL): 5/17/2017 – Apple had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BMO Capital Markets. They now have a $170.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $160.00. 5/17/2017 – Apple had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Morgan Stanley. They now have a $177.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $161.00. 5/17/2017 – Apple was upgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating. They now have a $159.81 price target on the stock. 5/16/2017 – Apple had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Canaccord Genuity. They now have a $180.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $165.00. 5/15/2017 – Apple had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Argus. They now have a $160.00 price target on the stock. 5/15/2017 – Apple had its price target raised by analysts at Hilliard Lyons from $147.00 to $170.00. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 5/12/2017 – Apple had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a $170.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $164.00. 5/12/2017 – Apple had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Bank of America Corp. They now have a $180.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $155.00. 5/8/2017 – Apple had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Drexel Hamilton. They now have a $202.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $185.00. 5/8/2017 – Apple was downgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating. They now have a $156.64 price target on the stock. 5/5/2017 – Apple had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Hilliard Lyons. They now have a $170.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $147.00. 5/5/2017 – Apple had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Argus. They now have a $160.00 price target on the stock. 5/4/2017 – Apple had its price target raised by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG from $125.00 to $130.00. They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 5/4/2017 – Apple had its price target raised by analysts at FBN Securities from $155.00 to $160.00. They now have an “outperform” rating on the stock. 5/3/2017 – Apple had its price target raised by analysts at Maxim Group from $163.00 to $171.00. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 5/3/2017 – Apple had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a $171.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $163.00. 5/3/2017 – Apple was given a new $165.00 price target on by analysts at Nomura. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 5/3/2017 – Apple had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein. They now have a $160.00 price target on the stock. 5/3/2017 – Apple had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Robert W. Baird. They now have a $160.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $145.00. 5/3/2017 – Apple had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a $164.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $150.00. 5/3/2017 – Apple was given a new $123.00 price target on by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 5/3/2017 – Apple had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BMO Capital Markets. They now have a $160.00 price target on the stock. 5/3/2017 – Apple had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Mizuho. They now have a $150.00 price target on the stock. 5/3/2017 – Apple had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BTIG Research. They now have a $184.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $165.00. 5/3/2017 – Apple had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Instinet. They now have a $165.00 price target on the stock. 5/3/2017 – Apple had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Piper Jaffray Companies. They now have a $158.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $155.00. 5/3/2017 – Apple was given a new $120.00 price target on by analysts at Rosenblatt Securities. They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 5/3/2017 – Apple had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Morgan Stanley. They now have a $161.00 price target on the stock. 5/2/2017 – Apple had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Drexel Hamilton. They now have a $185.00 price target on the stock. 5/2/2017 – Apple had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada. They now have a $157.00 price target on the stock. 5/1/2017 – Apple had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Cowen and Company. They now have a $160.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $155.00. 5/1/2017 – Apple had its “market perform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc.. 4/28/2017 – Apple had its “market perform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Wells Fargo & Co. They now have a $140.00 price target on the stock. 4/26/2017 – Apple had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Piper Jaffray Companies. They now have a $155.00 price target on the stock. 4/25/2017 – Apple had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Needham & Company LLC. They now have a $165.00 price target on the stock. 4/24/2017 – Apple was downgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating. According to Zacks, “Apple’s revenues have got a boost due to increase in iPhone demand caused by the launch of iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. Also, “Services” revenues, which include App store, Apple Music and Apple Pay have been growing with App store sales in December alone topping $3 billion. Going ahead, management expects to double the revenues from this segment in the next four years. Plus, the buzz surrounding iPhone 8, which is already labeled a super cycle should allay investors fear about iPhone sales trajectory. Meanwhile, Apple remains focused on increasing its market share in India. Over the past one year, shares of Apple have outperformed the broader market. However, macroeconomic headwinds in some key regions, most importantly in China along with increasing competition remain a concern. Estimates have remained stable ahead of the upcoming earnings release. “ 4/20/2017 – Apple had its price target raised by analysts at Stifel Nicolaus from $130.00 to $150.00. They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 4/19/2017 – Apple was given a new $160.00 price target on by analysts at Macquarie. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/19/2017 – Apple had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Guggenheim. They now have a $180.00 price target on the stock. 4/18/2017 – Apple had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a $150.00 price target on the stock. 4/18/2017 – Apple had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Macquarie. They now have a $156.00 price target on the stock. 4/17/2017 – Apple had its price target raised by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada from $155.00 to $157.00. They now have an “outperform” rating on the stock. 4/17/2017 – Apple had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Rosenblatt Securities. They now have a $120.00 price target on the stock. 4/14/2017 – Apple had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Cowen and Company. 4/12/2017 – Apple had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a $150.00 price target on the stock. 4/11/2017 – Apple was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating. They now have a $161.00 price target on the stock. According to Zacks, “Apple’s revenues have got a boost due to increase in iPhone demand caused by the launch of iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. Also, “Services” revenues, which include App store, Apple Music and Apple Pay have been growing with App store sales in December alone topping $3 billion. Going ahead, management expects to double the revenues from this segment in the next four years. Plus, the buzz surrounding iPhone 8, which is already labeled a super cycle should allay investors fear about iPhone sales trajectory. Meanwhile, Apple remains focused on increasing its market share in India. Over the past six months, shares of Apple have outperformed the broader market. However, macroeconomic headwinds in some key regions, most importantly in China along with increasing competition remain a concern. Estimates have remained stable ahead of the upcoming earnings release. “ 4/11/2017 – Apple had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Piper Jaffray Companies. They now have a $155.00 price target on the stock. 4/7/2017 – Apple had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Atlantic Securities. They now have a $165.00 price target on the stock. 4/6/2017 – Apple had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Citigroup Inc. They now have a $160.00 price target on the stock. 4/3/2017 – Apple had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc.. They now have a $159.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $152.00. 4/3/2017 – Apple was upgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating. They now have a $150.17 price target on the stock. 4/2/2017 – Apple had its price target raised by analysts at UBS Group AG from $165.00 to $200.00. 3/31/2017 – Apple had its price target raised by analysts at Canaccord Genuity from $154.00 to $165.00. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/30/2017 – Apple had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Drexel Hamilton. They now have a $185.00 price target on the stock. 3/29/2017 – Apple had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Rosenblatt Securities. They now have a $120.00 price target on the stock. 3/28/2017 – Apple had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at FBR & Co. They now have a $155.00 price target on the stock. 3/28/2017 – Apple was downgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating. They now have a $147.61 price target on the stock. 3/27/2017 – Apple was upgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating. They now have a $146.43 price target on the stock. 3/27/2017 – Apple had its price target raised by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from $142.00 to $165.00. They now have an “overweight” rating on the stock. 3/24/2017 – Apple had its price target raised by analysts at Instinet from $135.00 to $165.00. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/24/2017 – Apple had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada. They now have a $155.00 price target on the stock. 3/24/2017 – Apple was downgraded by analysts at Needham & Company LLC from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating. They now have a $165.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $150.00. 3/23/2017 – Apple had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Nomura. They now have a $135.00 price target on the stock. 3/22/2017 – Apple was given a new $150.00 price target on by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/21/2017 – Apple had its price target raised by analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein from $140.00 to $160.00. They now have an “outperform” rating on the stock. 3/21/2017 – Apple had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a $142.00 price target on the stock. 3/20/2017 – Apple had its price target raised by analysts at Cowen and Company from $135.00 to $155.00. They now have an “outperform” rating on the stock. 3/20/2017 – Apple had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Piper Jaffray Companies. They now have a $155.00 price target on the stock. Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) opened at 150.25 on Thursday. The firm has a market cap of $783.38 billion, a PE ratio of 17.63 and a beta of 1.26. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $146.14 and its 200 day moving average is $129.03. Apple Inc. has a 12 month low of $91.50 and a 12 month high of $156.65. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.02 by $0.08. The business had revenue of $52.90 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $52.61 billion. Apple had a net margin of 20.73% and a return on equity of 34.94%. Analysts forecast that Apple Inc. will post $8.94 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 18th. Investors of record on Monday, May 15th will be issued a $0.63 dividend. This represents a $2.52 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.68%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 11th. This is a positive change from Apple’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.57. Apple’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 27.31%. In related news, insider Angela J. Ahrendts sold 25,377 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $154.24, for a total value of $3,914,148.48. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 81,936 shares in the company, valued at approximately $12,637,808.64. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Director Arthur D. Levinson sold 35,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $153.88, for a total transaction of $5,385,800.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 1,168,283 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $179,775,388.04. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 302,444 shares of company stock valued at $44,651,521. 0.08% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Rehab Watch Hill Spruces Up for Spring Apple Rehab Watch Hill We have a new, fresh and updated look. We have brightened up the living spaces and given the facility more of a modern, home-like feel. The facility also features numerous large windows, an abundance of natural light and tranquil water views. Past News Releases RSS Westerly, RI (PRWEB) May 18, 2017 Apple Rehab, a nursing and rehabilitation facility nestled on five acres at picturesque Babcock Cove, recently renovated its Watch Hill location, 79 Watch Hill Road in Westerly, RI. “We have a new, fresh and updated look,” said Marikate Lynch, regional administrator. “We have brightened up the living spaces and given the facility more of a modern, home-like feel. The facility also features numerous large windows, an abundance of natural light and tranquil water views.” Renovations include new flooring and paint throughout the residents’ living areas, vinyl tile in the hallways and new floors in the rooms on the long-term care resident wing. “I can’t believe what a difference the new flooring and a fresh coat of paint has made,” said resident Marguerite Greene. “The place looks brand new. Thank you for investing in our home.” Apple Rehab Watch Hill blends superior programs and services with an environment of beautiful surroundings and plentiful amenities. It offers physical therapy, such as mobility retraining, balance restoration, therapeutic exercises, physical conditioning, neuromuscular re-training and the Big & Loud program, a physical therapy program designed specifically for patients with Parkinson’s disease; occupational therapy, including splinting, activities of daily living, rehabilitative dining and meal prep assessment and training; and speech language pathology, such as swallowing evaluations, verbal and nonverbal communication techniques and cognitive and memory retention programs. In honor of Mother’s Day on May 14, Apple Rehab Watch Hill hosted a Mother’s Day tea on May 12. “We celebrated Mother’s Day early, and honored all of the mothers in the facility,” concluded Lynch. “The residents were feted with fancy desserts, flowers and a variety of different teas.” About Apple Rehab Inc. Apple Health Care is the nation’s leading privately held nursing home company. Consumer Reports has rated Apple Rehab as the best for-profit long-term care company in America. It offers physical, occupational and speech language therapies, highly-skilled nursing care, physician-driven programs, and specialty services. For more information, please call Apple Rehab Watch Hill at (401) 596-2664, or visit http://www.apple-rehab.com. About the NALA™ The NALA offers small and medium-sized businesses effective ways to reach customers through new media. As a single-agency source, the NALA helps businesses flourish in their local community. The NALA’s mission is to promote a business’ relevant and newsworthy events and achievements, both online and through traditional media. For media inquiries, please call 805.650.6121, ext. 361. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Printing Toners Market 2017 Industry Research Report and Forecast 2022 Next PostNext Siemens Opera Contest chooses first winner in France Search Recent Posts IFA Selects Daniel Mormino, Division Vice President of INFINITI HR, to the 2018 IFA Convention Committee Ritu Kumar Presents ‘Imperial Summer’ Children Living with Asthma Have Chance to Enjoy Fun Outdoor Activities in Safe Environment at Weeklong Camp Dronedarone Hydrochloride Tablets Industry Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2022 LinkedIn’s Workplace Learning Report uncovers LandD Challenges for 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 18 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman PharmaSmart® and Chain Drug Review Announce “Pharmacist Challenge” Winners We are honored as we strive to make an impact on patient health Rochester, NY (PRWEB) May 18, 2017 PharmaSmart International Inc., a Rochester, N.Y. based, “Inc. 5000” company, and Chain Drug Review, the leading publication in the retail pharmacy sector, recently concluded a yearlong initiative to improve patient blood pressure control. In February 2016, the PharmaSmart and Chain Drug Review kicked off the “Lower My Blood Pressure” challenge, which featured a yearlong competition to determine which pharmacies could a) enroll the most patients into PharmaSmart’s Smart Card tracking program, and b) demonstrate the greatest improvement in average blood pressure rates among enrolled patients. Participating pharmacists enrolled into the contest through Chain Drug Review’s website (http://www.chaindrugreview.com) or PharmaSmart (http://www.PharmaSmart.com). Apple Discount Drugs on Fruitland Blvd in Salisbury, MD, was the Grand Prize Winner, earning them an all-expense paid trip for two to Miami, FL. Apple Discount Drugs saw the greatest overall improvement in blood pressure control, with an average reduction of 16 mmHg systolic, and 6 mmHg diastolic. “We are honored as we strive to make an impact on patient health,” said Jeff Sherr, Apple Discount Drugs. Further analysis by PS DataSmart®, (PharmaSmart’s health data resource center generating more than one million new readings per month), determined the following winners based on strong patient enrollment into the PharmaSmart clinical program: Brookshire Grocery Co.’s Pharmacy #90 in Robinson TX, earned 1st place, followed by Brookshire’s Pharmacy #34 in Monroe LA, and Brookshire’s Pharmacy #62 in Ashdown AR, respectively. Brookshire’s is a leading regional grocer across Louisiana, Arkansas and Texas “We are thrilled that our pharmacy staff from each winning location volunteered to enter into the ‘Lower My Blood Pressure’ contest. PharmaSmart is a company exclusively focused on helping pharmacists target uncontrolled cases of hypertension. Kudos to both companies for driving such a critical initiative nationwide,” said Jim Cousineau, SVP Operations, Brookshire Grocery Co.. “PharmaSmart® offers pharmacists a credible, accessible, low-cost solution for controlling blood pressure that is backed by evidence and trusted by both physicians and payer networks,” said Ashton S. Maaraba, PharmaSmart Chief Operations Officer, “Because of this strong clinical positioning, pharmacists can coordinate hypertension care with local physicians, and they can confidently recommend the program to their patients.” Fred W. Sarkis, PharmaSmart President and CEO added, “PharmaSmart is focused on building the clinical credibility of our retail clients. That process starts with building trust. For example, a pharmacist can’t rely upon an unverified blood pressure kiosk to deliver clinically actionable data, especially when the issue of unverified kiosks has been called out in multiple professional guidelines, and published editorials. Doing so is a breach of trust between the pharmacist and the prescribing physician and can be dangerous to their patients. Clinical program success depends on the delivery of trustworthy data, within standard workflow, at the pharmacy point of care. Program success also depends on delivering patient outcome metrics that show long-term value. This is what differentiates PharmaSmart. We are proud to see so many pharmacists embracing the challenge of hypertension control, and taking this big step toward an expanded scope of practice.” Jeffrey Woldt, vice president and editorial director of Racher Press Inc., the publisher of Chain Drug Review, commented, “We were very excited to have partnered with PharmaSmart on such a unique collaboration and look forward to continuing our part in generating awareness across community pharmacy about the importance of controlling hypertension.” About PharmaSmart® PharmaSmart®, headquartered in Rochester, N.Y., currently serves more than 6,500 locations, including such retail pharmacies as, Giant Eagle, Brookshire Grocery Company. (BGC), Kinney Drugs, Coborn, Bartell Drugs, Sav-MorRx/Sav-On Drugs, Nash Finch, Roundy’s/Mariano’s, Associated Food Stores, Leader, McKesson Health Mart, Good Neighbor, Astrup Drug, Winn Dixie, Big Y Foods, Harmons Grocery, Wal-Mart Canada, Safeway Canada, Price Chopper, Loblaw’s, Le Groupe Jean Coutu, Shoppers Drug Mart, Rexall/Katz Group, Sobeys/Lawtons. PharmaSmart® also serves major worksites, military bases, university schools pharmacy, hospitals and medical clinics. PharmaSmart’s PS DataSmart® Health IT database currently holds more than 40 million targeted patient blood pressure readings. PharmaSmart® biometric screening technology and Health IT Systems will serve as the driver for generating and streaming patient readings to a secure, HIPPA-compliant data center. Qualified clinicians will assess confidential data throughout the one-year duration of the program. For more information visit the company’s website at http://www.PharmaSmart.com. About Chain Drug Review Published by Racher Press Inc., Chain Drug Review is the leading newspaper reporting on the retail pharmacy industry and the companies that interact with it, including prescription pharmaceutical makers, front-end suppliers, drug distributors and technology vendors. For more information visit the publication’s website at http://www.chaindrugreview.com. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dr. Gordon Pedersen Named Juuva Enterprises Chief Scientific Officer Next PostNext Samenvatting: OT werkt samen met Hoomano aan veilige robotconnecties voor uiteenlopende innovatieve doeleinden Search Recent Posts IFA Selects Daniel Mormino, Division Vice President of INFINITI HR, to the 2018 IFA Convention Committee Ritu Kumar Presents ‘Imperial Summer’ Children Living with Asthma Have Chance to Enjoy Fun Outdoor Activities in Safe Environment at Weeklong Camp Dronedarone Hydrochloride Tablets Industry Top Companies Sales, Price, Revenue and Market Share Outlook 2017-2022 LinkedIn’s Workplace Learning Report uncovers LandD Challenges for 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu STICK AROUND A new search engine from WeChat could change China’s internet Written by Josh Horwitz Obsession Messaging May 18, 2017 Search and destroy. (Reuters/Petar Kudjundzic) Share Written by Josh Horwitz Obsession Messaging May 18, 2017 China’s already-big WeChat is searching for how to get even bigger. The answer? Search. Today the company publicly unveiled (link in Chinese) a feature—called “Search,” simply enough—that lets users enter keywords and find relevant information. While WeChat has had a search feature in the past, this one is more powerful. It’s not quite a search engine in the style of Google or Baidu, the reigning search engine of China. Rather, it’s an alternate vision of search, one that’s uniquely suited to a social media app. And it could very well become huge in China. Searching Google for “Apple iPhone” will typically yield ads at the very top, followed by recent news articles, YouTube and Wikipedia pages, and addresses of nearby Apple stores. Baidu works in a similar way. Clicking on the offered links takes the user to a page completely outside of Google or Baidu. Searching in WeChat. (Quartz) WeChat’s search feature is a bit more social. Searching for “Apple” yields recent news at the very top, followed by mentions of Apple made by one’s friends. An assortment of random articles follows at the bottom. Tapping on any of these links—even the articles—always keeps one within WeChat’s built-in browser, and many of the linked articles are ones published directly to WeChat (much like Facebook’s “Instant Articles”). Tencent, WeChat’s parent company, did not answer questions about how it devises its results rankings. To put it simply, it’s a “walled garden” approach to search. Whereas Google and Baidu’s vision of search entails aggregating everything published on the internet, WeChat’s entails aggregating everything that’s published and shared on WeChat. And when you tap on something, you always stay inside WeChat. WeChat has plenty of data to draw from to build and perfect a search engine. With 938 million registered monthly users, it not only knows who your friends are (more than Baidu or Google do), it knows what they read and share, and what you read and share. It knows where you and your friends are located, and what you buy. And it’s addictive—50% of WeChat users spend more than 90 minutes per day on the app. WeChat can also benefit from Tencent owning a stake in Sogou, which is an also-ran search engine in China but has potentially valuable data and technology. Meanwhile, in recent years, WeChat has become a major publishing platform for traditional news sites, online media, and solo bloggers alike. Publishers will often push articles directly to WeChat through “Public Accounts” (rough analogs to Facebook Pages) that subscribers will read and share, eschewing external websites altogether. This search feature collects all the content published to WeChat (and more), and makes it easier for everyone to discover. And when they cruise through news-oriented search results, they’ll still never leave the confines of WeChat. While the feature remains in its early stages, it will likely become a boon to Tencent. Many Chinese internet users spend most of their online lives in WeChat. This search feature gives them one more reason to do so. If WeChat perfects its search capabilities, expect a giant of the Chinese internet to suffer. Baidu, China’s Google analog, has reported slowing revenue growth and declining operating profits. It makes most of its money from Chinese advertisers that are now keen to put their ads in more vibrant real estate—like WeChat. While Tencent’s stock price has soared over the past two years, Baidu’s has wavered. Since Nov. 14, 2014, its last high, Baidu’s share price has tanked 25.5%, according to FactSet. Within the same time period, Tencent’s has jumped 96.9%. Most Popular Inefficient words are ruining the English language Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Hardware Unboxed Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Apple Mobile iphone qualcomm Qualcomm sues iPhone manufacturers Compal, Foxconn, Pegatron, and Wistron in escalating patent dispute Apple's manufacturing partners get dragged into the battle By Jose Vilches on May 17, 2017, 5:06 PM TechSpot Qualcomm is escalating its patent dispute with Apple by suing the contractors that build iPhones for the Cupertino-based company. Filed Wednesday in a federal district court in San Diego, the lawsuit accuses Compal Electronics, Foxconn, Pegatron and Wistron of breaching patent-licensing agreements with Qualcomm by halting royalty payments on Qualcomm technology used in iPhones and iPads. Apple originally sued Qualcomm for $1 billion, saying that the mobile chip maker had been dramatically overcharging it for the use of basic patents. Qualcomm hit back with a countersuit, claiming among other things, that Apple deliberately hindering the performance of Qualcomm chips in certain iPhone 7 models to make Intel chips look better and that it encouraged regulatory attacks on Qualcomm's business. Apple doesn't have a patent license directly with Qualcomm, relying instead on licenses held by the contract manufacturers, whom Apple reimburses. However, in an aggressive move, last month the iPhone maker reportedly instructed its manufacturing partners to stop paying royalties to Qualcomm, as it wasn’t going to reimburse them anymore until a court determines how much it actually owes. Apple agreed to indemnify them against any damages they may incur by failing to pay royalties to Qualcomm. "We've been trying to reach a licensing agreement with Qualcomm for more than five years but they have refused to negotiate fair terms," an Apple representative told Market Watch. Qualcomm's patent-licensing segment in fiscal 2016 contributed roughly 80% of its pretax profit. Related Reads Apple suppliers TSMC, Foxconn rake in record revenue for December thanks to strong iPhone demand The iPhone SE has the specs of an iPhone 6S with the body of an iPhone 5S, starts at $399 Foxconn may build a display manufacturing plant in the US (with Apple's help) 3 comments 79 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Most iPhone owners intend to buy an iPhone 8, despite the high price Apple is reportedly about to kill off the iPad Mini Galaxy Note 7 to resurface next month as the Galaxy Note FE Popular 35 comments Most iPhone owners intend to buy an iPhone 8, despite the high price Gigabyte Aero 15 Review: No Bezels, No Worries Load Comments 3 ... User Comments: 3 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 74 Steve Wozniak warns Apple over removing the 3.5mm headphone jack for the iPhone 7 34 Watch Apple's attempt at getting people to buy its $300 book 24 Apple finds 90% of its accessories sold on Amazon are fake; sues main manufacturer 7 Serious Apple question 10 Volume knob stopped working on ipad 2 Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple stock falls 3% as tax reform looks less likely Kif Leswing May 17, 2017, 4:01 PM 3,719 facebook linkedin twitter email print Tim Cook, Apple CEO.REUTERS/Rick Wilking Apple stock was down 3.3% at market close on Wednesday. That's a lot for any company, but Apple is the world's most valuable company by market cap, and the drop wipes out billions in shareholder value. Apple shares closed at $150.25 as opposed to $155.47 at close on Tuesday.  Apple stock was up 34% this year on anticipation that the next iPhone could spur a "super cycle" of sales as well as hopes that federal tax reform could enable Apple to bring home some of its $240 billion in cash and marketable securities that are held outside the United States at lower tax rates. Apple's CFO Luca Maestri has suggested that if the company were able to repatriate some of its overseas holdings at a lower tax rate, it would return some of the money to its shareholders.  But recent developments in Washington DC, especially allegations that President Trump may sought to end the FBI's investigation into former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, have reduced the chance that tax reform is imminent.  The Nasdaq 100 was down 2.5% and 100 of the 107 stocks in the index fell on the day.  Visit Markets Insider for constantly updated market quotes for individual stocks, ETFs, indices, commodities and currencies traded around the world. Go Now! SEE ALSO: Senate leaders just sent 2 explosive letters asking Comey to testify and demanding his memos More: Apple aapl Markets Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple stock falls 3% as tax reform looks less likely Apple stock falls 3% as tax reform looks less likely Apple stock was down 3.3% at market close... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Apple Rehab Watch Hill Spruces Up for Spring Apple Rehab Watch Hill Spruces Up for Spring Posted on May 18, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Apple Rehab Watch Hill, a branch of Apple Rehab Inc., renovates its nursing home facility in time for spring. Westerly, RI (PRWEB) May 18, 2017 Apple Rehab, a nursing and rehabilitation facility nestled on five acres at picturesque Babcock Cove, recently renovated its Watch Hill location, 79 Watch Hill Road in Westerly, RI. “We have a new, fresh and updated look,” said Marikate Lynch, regional administrator. “We have brightened up the living spaces and given the facility more of a modern, home-like feel. The facility also features numerous large windows, an abundance of natural light and tranquil water views.” Renovations include new flooring and paint throughout the residents’ living areas, vinyl tile in the hallways and new floors in the rooms on the long-term care resident wing. “I can’t believe what a difference the new flooring and a fresh coat of paint has made,” said resident Marguerite Greene. “The place looks brand new. Thank you for investing in our home.” Apple Rehab Watch Hill blends superior programs and services with an environment of beautiful surroundings and plentiful amenities. It offers physical therapy, such as mobility retraining, balance restoration, therapeutic exercises, physical conditioning, neuromuscular re-training and the Big & Loud program, a physical therapy program designed specifically for patients with Parkinson’s disease; occupational therapy, including splinting, activities of daily living, rehabilitative dining and meal prep assessment and training; and speech language pathology, such as swallowing evaluations, verbal and nonverbal communication techniques and cognitive and memory retention programs. In honor of Mother’s Day on May 14, Apple Rehab Watch Hill hosted a Mother’s Day tea on May 12. “We celebrated Mother’s Day early, and honored all of the mothers in the facility,” concluded Lynch. “The residents were feted with fancy desserts, flowers and a variety of different teas.” About Apple Rehab Inc. Apple Health Care is the nation’s leading privately held nursing home company. Consumer Reports has rated Apple Rehab as the best for-profit long-term care company in America. It offers physical, occupational and speech language therapies, highly-skilled nursing care, physician-driven programs, and specialty services. For more information, please call Apple Rehab Watch Hill at (401) 596-2664, or visit http://www.apple-rehab.com. About the NALA™ The NALA offers small and medium-sized businesses effective ways to reach customers through new media. As a single-agency source, the NALA helps businesses flourish in their local community. The NALA’s mission is to promote a business’ relevant and newsworthy events and achievements, both online and through traditional media. For media inquiries, please call 805.650.6121, ext. 361. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/AppleRehabInc/WatchHill/prweb14348648.htm Latest News DATIS HR Cloud, Inc. Supports Mental Health First Aid Sola – Japanese IT Company Western Market Entry and Product Lineup CS3 Technology Raising Funds to Stop Diabetes IRISS Announces New Ultrasound Product – Sonus XT IRISS Announces New Ultrasound Product – Sonus XT Attorney Jacquelyn L. Ford Examines Death Penalty Issues in Oklahoma Apple Rehab Watch Hill Spruces Up for Spring Crowdfunding Campaign Urges Americans to Join in an Evolution Charterprime Launches Custom Livery with AirAsia Sonoma County Ranchers Score at New York’s 5th Annual International Olive Oil Competition © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
