NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Apple Clarifies That Drop in App Store Affiliate Commission Only Applies to In-App Purchases iPhone 8 Production on Schedule, Set for Unveiling in September and Release in October? T-Mobile Ends 'Free Data for Life' Tablet Offer for New Activations Amazon to Unveil New Echo With Screen Tomorrow? iPhone 8 to Feature 'Enhanced Receiver' With 'Further Improvements' to Sound and Waterproofing? You Can Now Post Photos From Instagram's Mobile Website Apple Updates Workflow to Restore Pocket and Google Chrome Actions, Adds Apple Music Actions Zip—Zap is Apple's Free 'App of the Week' [Download] Phil Schiller on the Amazon Echo, App Store Upgrades, Swift, More Harman Unveils 'Harman Kardon Invoke' Voice-Activated Speaker With Cortana Apple Extends Smart Keyboard Repair Policy to 3 Years [Report] Renders of Apple's Proposed Carnegie Library Store in Washington, D.C. YouTube Announces Free Original Shows Starring Kevin Hart, Ellen DeGeneres, Katy Perry, More More Images of New Amazon Echo Leaked in High Quality You Can Now Pay for Gas Using Your Apple Watch at ExxonMobil [Video] Bosch Wins Orders to Supply Apple With Motion Sensors for Next Generation iPhone [Report] New Amazon Echo With Touchscreen Leaked? [Photo] Apple and Amazon Near Agreement to Bring Amazon Video App to Apple TV Growth of iPhone Installed Base Slows in the U.S. [Report] Apple Clarifies That Drop in App Store Affiliate Commission Only Applies to In-App Purchases LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 2 hours ago by iClarified · 721 views · Translate Apple has clarified that the recently announced App Store affiliate commission drop only applies to in-app purchases. Last month, the company sent affiliates the following notification. Starting on May 1st 2017, commissions for all app and in-app content will be reduced from 7% to 2.5% globally. All other content types (music, movies, books, and TV) will remain at the current 7% commission rate in all markets. We will also continue to pay affiliate commissions on Apple Music memberships so there are many ways to earn commissions with the program. After much uproar and disappointment, Apple has issued the following update. We’d like to clarify some changes being made to the Affiliate Program. Commissions for all iOS in-app purchases will be reduced from 7% to 2.5% globally, and all other content types (including music, movies, books, paid iOS apps and TV) will remain at the current 7%. For more information on commission rates, please see our Getting Started Guide. Apple appears to suggest that it never meant to drop the commission rates for App Store purchases; however, it's difficult to get that from the original notification. Read More Follow iClarified Comments Add Comment Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News ARRIS International plc (ARRS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Dunkin Brands Group Inc (DNKN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Wedbush Energen Co. (EGN) Rating Reiterated by BMO Capital Markets Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Buy Rating for Finisar Co. (FNSR) BMC Stock Holdings Inc (BMCH) Trading Down 7.8% Following Weak Earnings Investors Buy Shares of Eli Lilly and Co (LLY) on Weakness After Insider Selling Traders Sell Apple Inc. (AAPL) on Strength After Insider Selling Nordic American Tanker Ltd (NAT) Shares Gap Down After Earnings Miss Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Buy Rating for Bruker Co. (BRKR) Atlantic American Co. (AAME) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Herc Holdings Inc (HRI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Goldman Sachs BDC Inc (GSBD) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research GenMark Diagnostics, Inc (GNMK) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Alstom SA (ALO) PT Set at €35.00 by S&P Global Franklin Street Properties Corp. (FSP) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Enel S.p.A. (ENEL) PT Set at €5.40 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Nomura Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Coach Inc (COH) Franklin Street Properties Corp. (FSP) Downgraded by Robert W. Baird Korea Equity Fund Inc. (KEF) Sets New 12-Month High on Insider Buying Activity B2Gold Corp. (BTO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by TD Securities Traders Sell Apple Inc. (AAPL) on Strength After Insider Selling May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet Investors sold shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) on strength during trading hours on Monday after an insider sold shares in the company. $1,506.42 million flowed into the stock on the tick-up and $1,644.72 million flowed out of the stock on the tick-down, for a money net flow of $138.30 million out of the stock. Of all companies tracked, Apple had the 0th highest net out-flow for the day. Apple traded up $4.05 for the day and closed at $153.01Specifically, insider Angela J. Ahrendts sold 75,000 shares of Apple stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $147.98, for a total value of $11,098,500.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 154,116 shares in the company, valued at $22,806,085.68. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, SVP D Bruce Sewell sold 67,500 shares of Apple stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $148.76, for a total value of $10,041,300.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 141,325 shares in the company, valued at $21,023,507. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 312,694 shares of company stock worth $44,907,405 over the last quarter. 0.08% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. A number of equities analysts have recently commented on the company. Vetr lowered Apple from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $156.64 price objective on the stock. in a research note on Monday. Drexel Hamilton restated a “buy” rating and set a $202.00 price target (up from $185.00) on shares of Apple in a research note on Monday. Argus restated an “outperform” rating and set a $160.00 price target on shares of Apple in a research note on Friday. Hilliard Lyons restated a “buy” rating and set a $170.00 price target (up from $147.00) on shares of Apple in a research note on Friday. Finally, FBN Securities boosted their price target on Apple from $155.00 to $160.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Thursday, May 4th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating, forty have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. Apple has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $152.77. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $143.13 and a 200 day moving average price of $126.70. The stock has a market capitalization of $797.77 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.95 and a beta of 1.26. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.02 by $0.08. Apple had a net margin of 20.73% and a return on equity of 34.94%. The firm had revenue of $52.90 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $52.61 billion. On average, analysts expect that Apple Inc. will post $8.94 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 18th. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 15th will be given a $0.63 dividend. This represents a $2.52 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.65%. This is a boost from Apple’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.57. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 11th. Apple’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 27.31%. Large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. JJJ Advisors Inc. boosted its stake in Apple by 0.9% in the first quarter. JJJ Advisors Inc. now owns 1,533 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $220,000 after buying an additional 14 shares in the last quarter. Stonehearth Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in Apple by 0.8% in the first quarter. Stonehearth Capital Management LLC now owns 2,378 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $342,000 after buying an additional 20 shares in the last quarter. Noven Financial Group Inc. boosted its stake in Apple by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. Noven Financial Group Inc. now owns 7,396 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $857,000 after buying an additional 22 shares in the last quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. boosted its stake in Apple by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. now owns 7,859 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $910,000 after buying an additional 24 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Sippican Capital Advisors boosted its stake in Apple by 0.5% in the first quarter. Sippican Capital Advisors now owns 4,912 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $706,000 after buying an additional 26 shares in the last quarter. 58.76% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Traders Sell Apple Inc. (AAPL) on Strength After Insider Selling” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/traders-sell-apple-inc-aapl-on-strength-after-insider-selling.html. Apple Company Profile Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In The Irish Times Tue, May 9, 2017 The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Hype generator: Will Tesla become the next Apple? Stocktake: car maker is sounding more like a cult, with Elon Musk as its hubristic leader about an hour ago Proinsias O'Mahony Tesla is valued at $50 billion, making it America’s most valuable car maker. GM sold 10 million cars last year, Ford 6.6 million; Tesla, which is rapidly burning cash, sold 76,230. Photograph: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg via Getty Images         No one does hyperbole like Tesla’s Elon Musk, who last week predicted the loss-making electric car maker could eventually be worth more than Apple. Apple, the world’s most valuable company, is worth $765 billion; Tesla is valued at $50 billion, making it America’s most valuable car maker. Tesla’s current valuation already appears “a bit preposterous”, as automotive research firm Edmunds put it recently. GM sold 10 million cars last year, Ford 6.6 million; Tesla, which is rapidly burning cash, sold 76,230. Short sellers think Tesla’s valuation is nuts – more than a quarter of the stock has been shorted. However, they’re getting crucified by a share price that has risen 50 per cent in 2017, losing an estimated $3.7 billion this year. Last month, US investment bank Piper Jaffray defended Tesla, saying it is different to other companies. “More so than any stock we’ve covered,” it said, “Tesla engenders optimism, freedom, defiance and a host of other emotions that, in our view, other companies cannot replicate.” Huh? Tesla sounds more like a cult than a company, with Musk its hubristic leader. Betting against the bubble is a tricky business, though. As Keynes once said, markets can stay irrational longer than you can stay solvent – just ask Tesla’s shorts. Lesson for Protégé guy: don’t bet your hedges against the Buffett In 2008, Warren Buffett bet hedge fund Protégé Partners $1 million that the S&P 500 would beat a selection of hedge funds over the next 10 years. Last week, Protégé’s Ted Seides conceded he would lose the bet but remains convinced the next 10 years will be different. He would, wouldn’t he? Seides contended that stocks were pricey in 2008 and they’re still pricey today. In other words, don’t blame hedge funds for being wrong – blame stock markets for staying expensive. Lose some, win some: offsetting a capital loss against a capital gain Investing secrets of the dumb money The add-ons add up for cheap transatlantic flights He argued the S&P 500 was an inappropriate benchmark, saying hedge fund returns almost exactly matched global equity returns over the period. Grand, but why make the bet in the first place, then? Did Buffett, that dastardly octogenarian, bludgeon him into accepting the S&P 500 against his will? In 2015, Protégé complained it couldn’t have foreseen zero interest rates and unprecedented Federal Reserve stimulus. It also blamed fees, saying they accounted for more than half the differential. Now, Seides complains that global diversification “hurt hedge fund returns more than fees”. Whatever. Warren Buffett, chairman and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, won his $1 million bet with Protégé Partners that the S&P 500 would outperform a selection of hedge funds. Photograph: Kevin Lamarque/Reuters Fear index nears all-time low – should we be afraid? Risk, what risk? Volatility has fallen to near all-time lows, with the Vix, or fear index, last week falling below 10 and hitting its lowest level in a decade. The index has closed below 10 only nine times since 1990, according to Merrill Lynch, and is near its all-time low of 9.31. Individual stocks are just as quiet, with “unprecedented little movement at the single stock level”, while global equity volatility is similarly dormant. In the near term, says Credit Suisse, “investors are pricing in zero risk”. Have markets become ominously complacent? Merrill reckons the quiet is unlikely to last, warning higher inflation might eventually spell trouble for investors conditioned to buy every dip. However, although volatility might be near the bottom, don’t presume things must necessarily become rocky. Price Action Lab blogger Michael Harris last week noted the S&P 500 had just recorded its most boring six-day spell since January 1994, sitting within a trading range of just 0.7 per cent. Following the 1994 episode, prices “remained flat for a whole year”, notes Harris, “empirical evidence” that dull markets can stay quiet for longer than one might think. Advice for traders: leave leveraged ETFs to the fruitcakes Traders bored by subdued markets might like to dabble in leveraged ETFs. Last week, US regulators approved the first quadruple-leveraged exchange-traded fund. If the S&P 500 rises 1 per cent, it will rise 4 per cent; if the index falls 2 per cent, the ETF will fall 8 per cent. The approval is surprising. Globally, regulators have made more conservative noises in recent years, curbing the leverage available to retail traders. Obviously, much greater leverage is on offer in the futures and foreign exchange markets. Additionally, it’s a free world, and speculators should be free to speculate. The problem is leveraged ETFs aim to magnify daily movements, but amateur investors sometimes use them for long holding periods. Take an index that rises from 100 to 110 on one day and falls back to 100 the next – no change. In this case, a quadruple-leveraged fund would rise to 140 and then fall back to 89.1 – a big loss. Note that during the global financial crisis, one index gained 8 per cent over a four-month period but its triple-leveraged cousin fell 53 per cent. Leveraged ETFs are popular with “fruitcakes, nut cases, and the lunatic fringe”, Vanguard founder John Bogle once quipped. Investors should steer clear.       Topics: Ted Seides John Bogle Elon Musk Federal Reserve Piper Jaffray Apple Merrill Lynch Protege Partners Credit Suisse Tesla Read More Will assets in my native Romania trigger an Irish Revenue bill? First-time buyers: It’s cheaper to buy than rent, but do the sums Navigating earnings season: six tips for investors Markets sceptical over Trump’s detail-free tax plans Indian rental income and the offshore assets clampdown Stocktake: UK election may not be ‘soft Brexit’ game-changer If you have any assets overseas you need to read this  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Construction Sales up 4.4% at Grafton Group with strong growth at Woodies Work How to make a great first impression at a job interview Rugby Ruan Pienaar’s enforced departure hits so many wrong notes Motors Germany demands electric-car quotas as India to be all-electric by 2030 Sponsored The Story of Home: A dream of tiny houses The Story of Home: Light and shade ‘I’m still taking it 20 years on and loving it’ The Story of Home: 'People need a sense of belonging' Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Funds Tracker Keep up to date with your investments   Latest Business ‘Machines give us no choice but to fight our own complacency’ - Kasparov 07:49 IFG reports strong growth in assets under administration 07:41 Pay commission to say public pay cuts should by unwound gradually 07:21 Goldman promotes next generation of investment banking leaders 07:17 Sales up 4.4% at Grafton Group with strong growth at Woodies 07:10 Most Read in Business 1 The add-ons add up for cheap transatlantic flights 2 Pay commission to say public pay cuts should by unwound gradually 3 ChemChina and Sinochem plan $100bn merger 4 Sandyford two-bed apartments to rent from €2,570 a month 5 ‘Machines give us no choice but to fight our own complacency’ - Kasparov 6 Builders face insulation ‘headache’ amid key chemical shortage 7 Software giant SAP to add 150 jobs over next 18 months 8 Hype generator: Will Tesla become the next Apple? 9 Lucy Kellaway: Being bad at maths is not cute – it’s dangerous 10 Investing secrets of the dumb money Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Save money on international transfers Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Tue 9/5/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Skip to main content asia one Singapore Malaysia China Asia World Singapore Malaysia China Asia World Business Showbiz Health Food Apple hints its Echo killer could have a touchscreen PHOTO: Mashable Raymond Wong Mashable May 09, 2017 Enjoy the 70-per cent lead while you can Amazon, because Apple's coming to slay Alexa and the Echo. Well, it'll try. In an interview with India's Gadgets360, Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, dropped the first hints for its long-rumored smart assistant speaker that'll reportedly be powered by Siri. Despite refusing to talk about the Echo and Google Home, Schiller didn't shy away from talking about voice-based devices as a whole. While he says Apple is heavily invested in Siri, Schiller talked up both the advantages and disadvantages of having a display. Stating the obvious, Schiller described situations where a screen isn't necessary and voice controls are better - like when you're driving and can't fiddle with your phone or dashboard, or when you want to control your music from across the room without getting up. Other obvious comments: A screen's useful for displaying visual content, like mapping and photos, and games. "I think voice assistants are incredibly powerful, their intelligence is going to grow, they're gonna do more for us, but the role of the screen is gonna remain very important to all of this," Schiller said. Reading between the lines, we can presume Apple's Echo-killer will come with a screen. And that'd certainly be noteworthy if Amazon wasn't also working on an Echo speaker equipped with a screen, which could arrive as soon as Wednesday. The question isn't whether Apple will enter this increasingly crowded smart speaker market (I'd bet good money it definitely will) or even what its speaker will look like (I'm sure it'll be over-designed in typical Apple minimalist fashion), but whether Apple can succeed in the home. If we're to judge Apple's chances in the home by its HomeKit platform, the company is basically screwed. Read the full article here. Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture, and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the world. More aboutApple Technology news POST Purchase this article for republication. SHOPPING Truffle Any Food You Love Now! Bluetooth Wall Echo Speaker Bar Only $50! Enjoy Healthy Smoothie On The Go Only At $29.90! 100% Original Remax Power Bank On Sale! BRANDINSIDER SPONSORED Your daily good stuff - AsiaOne stories delivered straight to your inbox By signing up, you agree to our Privacy policy and Terms and Conditions. Submit Loading... Your daily good stuff - AsiaOne stories delivered straight to your inbox By signing up, you agree to our Privacy policy and Terms and Conditions. Submit About Us Privacy Statement Content Partners Berita Harian BrandInsider Female herworldPLUS Home & Decor Hardware Zone Luxury Insider Men's Health SilverKris Simply Her SG Travellers sgCarMart STOMP tabla! The Business Times The New Paper The Peak The Straits Times Torque Young Parents Zao Bao SPH DIGITAL NEWS / ASIAONE GROUP / Copyright © 2017. Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198408262E. Terms & Conditions Personal Data Protection Statement
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Business-Economy Special session of Tripura assembly to pass GST Bill Business Standard Apple's market cap crosses $800 bn for first time IANS  |  San Francisco  May 9, 2017 Last Updated at 10:12 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVgIuw ALSO READ Global market-cap hits an all-time high Apple hits intraday record high for first time since 2015 Buffett's Berkshire more than doubled its stake in Apple - CNBC Mid-cap, small-cap counters witness renewed buying Yes Bank's IBU at Gift City crosses $1 bn business In yet another milestone, Apple's market capitalisation briefly soared past $800 billion threshold, making it the first company ever with such a mammoth valuation. Apple's shares closed up 2.7 per cent for the day at $153.01 late on Monday, taking the company to a market value of $797.8 billion, Fortune reported. Earlier, analyst Brian White from investment firm Drexel Hamilton raised his price target for Apple shares from $185 to $202 - implying a market value of over $1 trillion. According to White, iPhone 8, repatriation of foreign cash and new innovations could bring more good news for Apple shares. Alphabet, Google's parent company, is the second most valuable company with a market cap of $653 billion, followed by Microsoft at $532 billion. Apple sold 50.8 million iPhones in the first three months of 2017, down one per cent year-on-year, according to the company's second quarter results that came earlier in May. CEO Tim Cook blamed a "pause" as customers wait for the next iPhone which is due to release later in 2017. The dip in iPhone sales was offset by services, including Apple Pay, iCloud and the App store, which recorded an 18 per cent increase in sales to $7 billion. Due to the robust sales of its iPhone 7 Plus, the revenue from iPhones climbed one per cent to $33.2 billion. --IANS na/in (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Apple's Market Cap Crosses $800 Bn For First Time | News-ians | Business-economy PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Apple's market cap crosses $800 bn for first time In yet another milestone, Apple's market capitalisation briefly soared past $800 billion threshold, making it the first company ever with such a mammoth valuation. In yet another milestone, Apple's market capitalisation briefly soared past $800 billion threshold, making it the first company ever with such a mammoth valuation. Apple's shares closed up 2.7 per cent for the day at $153.01 late on Monday, taking the company to a market value of $797.8 billion, Fortune reported. Earlier, analyst Brian White from investment firm Drexel Hamilton raised his price target for Apple shares from $185 to $202 - implying a market value of over $1 trillion. According to White, iPhone 8, repatriation of foreign cash and new innovations could bring more good news for Apple shares. Alphabet, Google's parent company, is the second most valuable company with a market cap of $653 billion, followed by Microsoft at $532 billion. Apple sold 50.8 million iPhones in the first three months of 2017, down one per cent year-on-year, according to the company's second quarter results that came earlier in May. CEO Tim Cook blamed a "pause" as customers wait for the next iPhone which is due to release later in 2017. The dip in iPhone sales was offset by services, including Apple Pay, iCloud and the App store, which recorded an 18 per cent increase in sales to $7 billion. Due to the robust sales of its iPhone 7 Plus, the revenue from iPhones climbed one per cent to $33.2 billion. --IANS na/in (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Apple's market cap crosses $800 bn for first time In yet another milestone, Apple's market capitalisation briefly soared past $800 billion threshold, making it the first company ever with such a mammoth valuation. Apple's shares closed up 2.7 per cent for the day at $153.01 late on Monday, taking the company to a market value of $797.8 billion, Fortune reported. Earlier, analyst Brian White from investment firm Drexel Hamilton raised his price target for Apple shares from $185 to $202 - implying a market value of over $1 trillion. According to White, iPhone 8, repatriation of foreign cash and new innovations could bring more good news for Apple shares. Alphabet, Google's parent company, is the second most valuable company with a market cap of $653 billion, followed by Microsoft at $532 billion. Apple sold 50.8 million iPhones in the first three months of 2017, down one per cent year-on-year, according to the company's second quarter results that came earlier in May. CEO Tim Cook blamed a "pause" as customers wait for the next iPhone which is due to release later in 2017. The dip in iPhone sales was offset by services, including Apple Pay, iCloud and the App store, which recorded an 18 per cent increase in sales to $7 billion. Due to the robust sales of its iPhone 7 Plus, the revenue from iPhones climbed one per cent to $33.2 billion. --IANS na/in (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Login All Reviews Editorials News Phil Schiller Says Siri-like Voice Assistants Need Displays Apple Offers Free 3-Year Repair for iPad Smart Keyboard PSA: Video Converter Handbrake Was Compromised by Malware Tips There's a Bug in File Sharing Between Windows and iOS 10.3 - Here's a Workaround iOS: If You 3D Touch Call from Phone App, Fun Stuff Happens Podcasts TMO Background Mode Interview with Science Writer and Editor Jennifer Ouellette Siri Assistant Displays, Handbrake Malware - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-08 View All Results → Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details View All Reviews → John Oliver Makes It Easier to Comment on FCC Effort to Gut Net Neutrality A Fantasy Conversation: Bezos and Cook Chat About Amazon Echo Why Apple is Letting iPad Sales Drift Downward May the Force Be With You, Always, with These Apps for Star Wars Day Apple AirPods: Very Nice (Except for the Price) View All Editorials → A Fantasy Conversation: Bezos and Cook Chat About Amazon Echo John Martellaro @jmartellaro 4 May 5th, 2017 4:41 PM EDT | Particle Debris Page 2 – News Debris For The Week Of May 1st Good-bye satellite TV. Hello Apple. Back in 2015, I surmised that one reason Apple failed in its efforts to negotiate a streaming TV package was that it wanted to offer for less what everyone else was selling for more. The result would be a popular service from Apple that cut rather than raised revenue for the industry. Not good. This week Dish CEO Charlie Ergen reminded us of that and went on to predict that providers would be much smaller in the future. “Dish CEO Says Online TV a ‘License to Lose Money’.” Ergen said during his company’s fiscal call, “So satellite and cable will be smaller five years from now than they are today.” The handwriting is in the skies. Related: “Young people spend about twice as much time watching Netflix as live TV, and even more time on YouTube.” Good-bye satellite TV. Hello satellite internet from Apple. If Apple worked on building up a reliable, capable, secure internet service via satellite that covered the entire planet with a constellation of 1,000 low earth orbit satellites, the company would achieve something truly vast in vision, scope and opportunity. The future belongs to companies, like Apple, who have the dream, technical expertise and the money to do it right. And that’s far better than squabbling for streaming content rights. Be the gateway. More Debris Car and Driver has a nice article on the Tesla Model 3, the Model Y and the Semi tractor. Currently Tesla is in “antisell” mode for the Model 3. Elon Musk: “No advertising, antiselling, nothing to test drive . . . still [reservations] grows every week.” See: “Tesla’s Musk Brags on Model 3, Gives More Details on Model Y and Semi.” Tesla still aims to build 500,000 cars in 2018 with some assembly at its at its giant “Gigafactory” in Nevada. Apple appears to have no such infrastructure, and it’s hard to imagine Apple being able to catch up at this point. Model 3. Image credit: Tesla Is Amazon’s Alexa a true artificial intelligence? It depends on how you define it, but this fellow has his doubts. See: “Amazon Alexa and Solar Panels.” The story above reminds me that we live in an age of advanced video hype technology driving the sales of products that feature unfulfilled promises. We’re constantly confronted with either half-baked technology or hidden caveats in the EULA that excuse the developer from delivering what was promised in the demo, um, the Youtube ad. This is why we are Apple customers. When you find a book you want at the Amazon Kindle store, are you willing to wait for it on paper? With free overnight shipping? Or do you have to have it the next 30 seconds? Amazon may well be cashing in on your impulsiveness by charging more for e-books than their paper equivalent. (That wasn’t the vision a few years ago.) And that’s giving price-conscious people pause. So when you remind customers of the tactile pleasures of paper, the convenience, and the opportunity to get away from being glued to a small display, what could go wrong? Here’s what. “Real books are back. E-book sales plunge nearly 20%.” Plus, I think many customers are beginning to appreciate how durable, long-lived, accessible and transferable real books are. As devices and technology change rapidly, it just doesn’t seem to make sense to acquire and manage a giant electronic library of e-books that goes poof when the owner’s account is cancelled. The industry only has itself to blame for this awakening by readers. Finally, the subtitle says it all. “Today, running macOS on PCs isn’t just a way to avoid paying Apple’s prices.” Check out this article at ars technica. “Modern ‘Hackintoshes’ show that Apple should probably just build a Mac tower.” One item at issue here is that Apple, on the pro side, got so caught up with design that they forgot to cater to customers who depend on their Macs to earn a living. And so, the natural conclusion from my point of view is that when serious customers want to put macOS on great PC hardware, hardware that, for now, Apple isn’t delivering, the company should be (quietly) assisting those who want to build a Hackintosh. And if that appears to be a pain-in-the-you-know-what, then hurry up and build truly awesome Mac hardware for pros. That way, no one ever has to even think about Hackintoshes. You know. Like before. ______________________ Particle Debris is a generally a mix of John Martellaro’s observations and opinions about a standout event or article of the week (preamble on page one) followed on page two by a discussion of articles that didn’t make the tmo headlines, the technical news debris. The column is published most every Friday except for holidays. Pages: Previous Page 1 2 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: hackintosh, Jeff Bezos, Satellites, Tim Cook You might also like… PSA: Video Converter Handbrake Was Compromised by Malware Why Apple is Letting iPad Sales Drift Downward Imagine What Mac Sales Would Do If Apple Did Something Crazy Like Update All the Macs macOS: Finding the Hidden Advanced Display Preferences PSA: Russian-Backed Flash Trojan Ported to macOS 2 Comments Add a comment peacockshoehorn May 5, 2017 Very funny John! As I commented on your podcast about this, my sense is you have the winning argument about Apple SiriLex but only time will tell. Next time you do this, have Bezos deliver a phone via drone that rings when Tim Cook picks it up! May 5, 2017 at 4:53 EDT PM wab95 May 8, 2017 John: Fascinating fantasy conversation between Cook and Bezos. I have an alternative course for that conversation: Bezos: Just for fun. What would it take to get you to kill that project? Cook: I beg your pardon? Bezos: I’m not asking anything specific here; I’m just speaking hypothetically. What would it take to get you to, you know, ‘knife the baby’? Cook: I don’t speak hypothetical. Bezos: Seriously? Cook: Seriously. And the last time someone asked Apple that question, things didn’t end so well, so, no, you might as well be speaking Scandinavian to me. Bezos: Very funny. Okay, so let’s say that we finally deploy that Prime Video app to the Apple TV? Cook: Go on…I’m holding my hand to my ear so that I can hear what you’re really offering me. Bezos: Sheesh. Okay, you get the full 30 percent cut. And we’ll sell the Apple TV in the Amazon store again. Cook: Sounds great. For Amazon. You’re getting access to millions of new paying customers without having to develop the market on a secure platform that you don’t need to pay for, and you’re sweetening the deal for them by providing them easy access on your platform for buying into your ecosystem. I’d say you’re doing well for yourself. And your potential customers. And it might even offset the loss in sales we sustained to our iBookstore following the DOJ’s disastrous ruling – I think in your favour, if memory serves. Bezos: Touché. But think of the revenue you’ll be getting from that 30%. Cook: You mean that little set of project funds we get from our ‘Other’ category. I won’t pretend that we don’t like it. We do. Sincerely. But… Bezos: But what? Cook: That’s still modest revenue for Cupertino. Sorry. Here’s what I think this means. Bezos: I’m listening. I’ve got my hand to my ear… Cook: I think this is potentially the beginning of a new and potentially mutually lucrative collaboration in AI and smart technologies; think software and secure systems helping to power and protect your automated drone delivery services when customers use Siri and Apple Pay to order from Amazon. Bezos: Hmm. We’re pretty good at security, but not a bad idea. Let’s think about that. Cook: Indeed. Let’s. May 8, 2017 at 12:36 EDT PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials John Oliver Makes It Easier to Comment on FCC Effort to Gut Net Neutrality Bryan Chaffin | May 8, 2017 Don't Count on AirPods in iPhone 8 Box Jeff Gamet | May 8, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $153.01 +4.05 (2.72%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Phil Schiller Says Siri-like Voice Assistants Need Displays Apple Offers Free 3-Year Repair for iPad Smart Keyboard PSA: Video Converter Handbrake Was Compromised by Malware Apple Music in the Running for Prince Documentary, Unaired Concert Video PSA: Russian-Backed Flash Trojan Ported to macOS Recent Tips See All » There's a Bug in File Sharing Between Windows and iOS 10.3 - Here's a Workaround iOS: If You 3D Touch Call from Phone App, Fun Stuff Happens iOS 10: Get Started with iCloud Keychain macOS: Finding the Hidden Advanced Display Preferences macOS: How To Use Apple Watch to Auto Unlock Your Mac Recent Editorials See All » John Oliver Makes It Easier to Comment on FCC Effort to Gut Net Neutrality Don't Count on AirPods in iPhone 8 Box Citi Analyst Thinks Apple Could Buy These 7 Companies A Fantasy Conversation: Bezos and Cook Chat About Amazon Echo Antivirus Firm Claims There's New Android Malware Every 10 Seconds 16531 John Martellaro columns-opinions 2 1494002478 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews iPhone iPhone 8 Still Good for September Launch; Report Confirms A11 Chip for iPhone 8 By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on May 9, 2017 01:17 PM For the last couple of weeks or so, there have been numerous reports suggesting that Apple might not be able to release the iPhone 8 this October. According to the said reports, the reason for the delay are some major supply issues from Apple’s component suppliers. Chief of which is the display as well as some important sensors for the phone. Now, a new report claims that production for the phone is well under way and within schedule. According to Digitimes, majority of Apple’s suppliers are now ramping up the production in preparation for the iPhone 8. The list of suppliers includes Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, Zheng Ding Technology, Kinsus Interconnect Technology, and Simplo Technology. In the said report, substrate-like PCB manufacturers Zheng Deng Technology and Kinsus Interconnect Technology are ready to increase production for PCBs to be used on the iPhone 8. Also, battery maker Simplo Technology has expressed readiness in meeting Apple demands on batteries for this year’s models. iPhone 8 concepts (via idropnews.com) The report also confirmed that the iPhone 8 will sport an A11 ARM SoC that was designed by Apple. Furthermore, it would seem that the production for the substrates needed for the chips will be prepared at the start of June for them to be ready by mid-July. While various Apple suppliers are now preparing for the increased production rate, other auxiliary Apple contractors are also making the need preparations for the iPhone 8. Companies like Foxxconn Electronics, Winstron, and Pegratron have been reported to have increased its manpower. Also, these companies have been training new workers in China in preparation for the iPhone 8’s mass production. It would seem like Apple has finalized the design for the tenth anniversary iPhone, or perhaps nearing one. Mass production will start this June until August; in time for the September launch and quite possibly October release. If the timing is right, consumers could be seeing three different iPhone models this year; with the iPhone 8 at the helm. For more updates on the iPhone 8, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also Read: iPhone 8 Rumor Roundup: Lightning Port, Rear TouchID, Edge-to-Edge Screen & More iPhone 8 Still Good for September Launch; Report Confirms A11 Chip for iPhone 8 May 9th, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:featured, iPhone 8 release date, Launch Date, production Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you iPhone 8 Specs, Price & Release: 10th Anniversary Phone Won’t Have S Version iPhone 8 Price Will Curb Market Demands for Tenth Anniversary iPhone TSMC Reportedly Entering Mass Production of iPhone 8 A11 ARM Chip About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured Steven Universe Season 4 May Have Just Confirmed Lars Is Filipino – Here’s The Proof Knack 2: Gameplay Improvements Discussed, Including Co-Op And Checkpoints Injustice 2 Pre-Load Now Available On Xbox One, File Size Revealed Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Horizon Zero Dawn Update 1.20: Undocumented Changes In Latest Patch A new update is now out for Horizon Zero Dawn and players have access... Nioh Update Nerfs The Game’s “Easy Mode” Magic Spell The most recent Nioh update has been released and it looks like the game’s... Civilization 6: Three New Playable Civilizations From Africa And Southeast Asia Confirmed Firaxis has recently announced that three new playable Civilizations are coming soon. These new... Marvel Vs Capcom Infinite Has No “Grind Currency”, Avoids Street Fighter 5’s Business Model The next installment in the acclaimed Marvel VS. Capcom series is one of the... Overwatch Anniversary Event: Datamined Files On Test Servers Hint 3 New Maps, Legendary Skins, And More A uniform set of files about a new map and event have recently been... POPULAR TAGS featured Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony mobile gaming Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook iOS PC pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Pokemon Go Update Capcom Overwatch Marvel Stephen Heller NBA 2k17 iPad iPhone 7 Blizzard Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Business Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street Blunt Instrument Satire Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Federal Budget 2017 Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Comment Insight World  Mining Banking Aviation Energy Media China Budget Events Home Business News Banking May 9 2017 - 3:37PM Save Print Bank rout wipes out $30 billion in value Mathew Dunckley Jens Meyer 757 reading now Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Banking stocks have seen $13 billion wiped from their value in a day in the wake of soft earnings results and reports that a new tax will be unveiled in Tuesday night's federal budget. After a week of sluggish bank results a combination of a slightly disappointing quarterly result from Commonwealth Bank and reports that a new tax was likely to be put in place in the federal budget sparked a heavy sell-off in the sector  Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Xenophon negotiates $100m for advanced manufacturing Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:56 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:02 ANZ Bank first half profit ANZ Bank first half profit ANZ Bank's profit increased 23 per cent in first half to $3.4 billion. Up Next Xenophon negotiates $100m for advanced manufacturing Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:56 Video duration 00:56 Xenophon negotiates $100m for advanced ... Xenophon negotiates $100m for advanced manufacturing Senator Nick Xenophon praises the government's decision to allocate $100m for advanced manufacturing in the 2017 Federal Budget. Up Next Drop in iPhone sales hits share price Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:24 Video duration 01:24 Drop in iPhone sales hits share price Drop in iPhone sales hits share price Apple has reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales for its second quarter, indicating that customers may have held back purchases in anticipation of the 10th-anniversary edition of the company's most important product later this year. Up Next Here's how Apple's numbers impact its suppliers Play Video Don't Play Video duration 04:06 Video duration 04:06 Here's how Apple's numbers impact its ... Here's how Apple's numbers impact its suppliers Apple reported falling iPhone sales, highlighting the need to deliver blockbuster new features in the next edition of the flagship device if the company is to fend off rivals like Samsung. Up Next Apple falls, Wall Street rallies Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:09 Video duration 01:09 Apple falls, Wall Street rallies Apple falls, Wall Street rallies Disappointing iPhone sales has led to a drop in Apple shares. Up Next Victorian budget 2017: Josh Gordon's analysis Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:27 Video duration 01:27 Victorian budget 2017: Josh Gordon's ... Victorian budget 2017: Josh Gordon's analysis What were the big ticket items from this year's Victorian budget? State political editor Josh Gordon boils it down. Up Next Victorian budget 2017: Winners and losers Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:45 Video duration 02:45 Victorian budget 2017: Winners and losers Victorian budget 2017: Winners and losers Who are the winners and losers from this year's Victorian state budget? Up Next Interest rates going nowhere Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:27 Video duration 01:27 Interest rates going nowhere Interest rates going nowhere The Reserve Bank continues to keep interest rates on hold. Eryk Bagshaw explains the logic. More videos ANZ Bank first half profit ANZ Bank's profit increased 23 per cent in first half to $3.4 billion. Commonwealth reported on Tuesday that its third-quarter unaudited cash profit rose 4.3 per cent after it grew its home lending business faster than peers. Cash earnings climbed to $2.4 billion for the three months ended March 31 compared with $2.3 billion a year ago. That result followed interim results from Westpac Banking Corp, Australia and New Zealand Banking Group and National Australia Bank in the past week. The results saw the banks post combined profits of $15.7 billion for the half which was near consensus predictions but they were characterised by difficult conditions. Related Content Westpac sees growth as NSW shines in growing economy NAB to push hard on costs All the banks were sold heavily on Tuesday. CBA was down 2.68 per cent to $83.01, Westpac down 2.63 per cent to $33.18, ANZ down 2.2 per cent to $29.29 and NAB down 1.03 per cent to $32.76. The falls wiped more than $10 billion from the market capitalisation of the big four banks on Tuesday. Advertisement The losses mean that ANZ is down 11 per cent since May 1 while the other big banks are down around 5.5 per cent since then. The loss in collective market capitalisation stretching back to May 1 is $30 billion. "Revenue weakness is consistent with other major banks and is likely to see CBA come back to the pack in operational performance, and ultimately share price, in our view," Citi analyst Craig Williams said in a note to clients. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Commonwealth Bank profits were up for the third quarter. Photo: James Elsby In a note titled "Nowhere to run", UBS analyst John Mott said Westpac's result typified the sector with revenue and costs both flat, margins under presser and asset quality solid. But Mr Mott said a slowing housing market this year would likely take its toll on Westpac and its peers. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Westpac CEO Brian Hartzer at his bank's results briefing on Monday. Photo: Michele Mossop "In our view the impact on housing 'animal spirits' will be a key driver of the banks and the broader economy," he said. "We expect the revenue outlook to remain challenging over coming years as credit growth slows." SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link NAB chief executive Andrew Thorburn at his bank's result announcement last week. Photo: AAP Deutsche Bank's Andrew Triggs said Westpac, NAB and ANZ all had revenue challenges which had been smoothed by a good performance from their trading activity. Reports that a new "tobin tax" style levy on transactions could be part of the federal budget added to the gloom in the sector. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Investors have towelled ANZ since chief executive Shayne Elliott released the interim result on May 1. Photo: Peter Braig "However (the levy) is described it will represent an additional tax or fee and the market is likely to be nervous about this prospect until they get details of what might be involved and what capacity of banks might have to pass this cost on to customers," said CMC chief market analyst Ric Spooner. Macquarie analysts tipped margins to come under pressure too as banks that tried to pass on interest rate rises ran into the capacity of indebted households to pay. PwC Australia's banking & capital markets leader Colin Heath picked up this theme too saying the results illustrated just how reliant the big banks are on home lending. "When you combine an uncertain economic outlook with regulatory and political scrutiny in this area, there's no guarantee that home lending will be the growth engine in the future," he said. KMPG Australia head of banking Ian Pollari said the banks face a complex operating environment and would need to keep a focus on costs and productivity to deliver growth in the short term. In its update CBA said its home lending rose by 7.8 per cent over the 12 months ended March 31, compared with a 7 per cent average for all Australian banks. The growth outlook for Australian banks, which are highly reliant on mortgage loans, has dimmed after the country's prudential regulator announced on March 31 new limits on some types of lending. CBA said lending to property investors had reduced as a proportion of total lending during the quarter, with new interest-only lending being closely managed in line with regulatory guidance. Bad debts rose to $6.7 billion during the third quarter, compared with $6.3 billion a year ago. Impairment expenses were $202 million, halved from the $427 million incurred in the previous year. CBA's update followed rivals Westpac, National Australia Bank, and ANZ reporting a rise in half-year cash profit over the past week. with Reuters 0 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia 'Prime Minister Trumble' Speaks At ... Contains: External link Ways To Beat Energy Price Rises Contains: External link Most Popular Bank rout wipes out $30 billion in value Quiz: How well do you know the federal budget? Retailers on verge of a 'recession' Dole demerit point system touted in latest budget leaks Australians can't rely on Qantas as Dreamliner set to be a nightmare Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Bank rout wipes out $30 billion in value Australians can't rely on Qantas as Dreamliner set to be a nightmare 'All too much for Myer' - Brutal note crashes Myer Dole demerit point system touted in latest budget leaks Draw a line on the Coalition's economic performance Canberra Times Computer glitch hits super payments of thousands of public servants No pants were the new pants at Canberra's Groovin The Moo The private battle of Canberra newsreader Craig Allen The Canberra schools losing funds have been revealed Australian customs destroys unique lichen specimens in quarantine mix-up The Sydney Morning Herald Australian customs destroys unique lichen specimens in quarantine mix-up Trump protection in first 100 days soars to $40 million Woman indecently assaulted on Sydney Harbour Bridge: police 'Mini-Anzac Bridge' unveiled as next link in the track for the metro Qantas boss Alan Joyce jokes he needs a decent drycleaner after cream pie incident The Age Collingwood legend Lou Richards dies 'All too much for Myer' - Brutal note crashes Myer Tram ticket inspectors 'demand to see woman's banking details' Qantas boss Alan Joyce jokes he needs a decent drycleaner after cream pie incident Trump protection in first 100 days soars to $40 million Brisbane Times 'All too much for Myer' - Brutal note crashes Myer Church leader raped choir girls: Qld court Accusations fly as bitter contractual dispute with BCC deepens Missing army officer may have led a 'double life': inquest Queensland Premier's chief of staff resigns WA Today Panty sniffer the 'most disgusting thing I've seen' SAT finds Lisa Scaffidi guilty of 45 serious breaches of Local Government Act Boat lost on Freo road 'at least stopped at traffic lights' Qantas boss Alan Joyce jokes he needs a decent drycleaner after cream pie incident Vaginal mesh implant destroyed my life: Perth mum speaks out Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: A Close Look at Apple, Inc.'s Dividend -- and Why It's a Solid Bet for Income Investors After yet another increase, Apple's dividend is looking good. Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) May 8, 2017 at 9:36PM Along with its second-quarter results, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) announced a $50 billion expansion to its capital return program. While the bulk of this new program focused on planned share repurchases, the tech giant importantly increased its dividend, too. Here's a look at Apple's dividend, and what investors can expect from it. Image source: Apple. Consistent increases The first thing dividend investors interested in Apple stock should realize about the tech giant is that management seems set on paying out quarterly dividends on a consistent basis. Indeed, Apple has done exactly that since it initiated its dividend in 2012. Since 2012, Apple has increased its dividend every spring, boosting it a total of five times. It's no surprise that Apple has increased its dividend every year. In 2014, Apple management specifically said in its press release about its capital return program that it planned to "increase its dividend on an annual basis." Investors should also understand the narrow range of rates Apple has consistently increased its dividend by each year. Since it initiated its dividend in 2012, Apple's dividend has increased by anywhere between about 8% and 15% each year. Knowing this range of Apple's historical dividend increases, investors can set proper expectations for what to expect in the future. Of course, there's no guarantee Apple's annual dividend increases won't stray from this range in the coming years, but with five years of increases in a row behind it,  Apple's dividend increases are starting to show a pattern. Validating the consistency with which Apple is increasing its dividend, when management announced a dividend increase earlier this month, the increase was about in line with the company's average historical increases during the last five years. In its second-quarter earnings release, Apple's board of directors approved a 10.5% increase to the company's quarterly dividend, bringing it to $0.63, or a total of $2.52 on an annual basis. This isn't far from Apple's 11% average compound dividend growth during this period. Plenty of room for growth For now, there's no reason Apple can't keep increasing its dividend at similar rates in the coming years. A quick glance at Apple's finances reveals plenty of room for dividend growth. For instance, the company ended its most recent quarter with an impressive $256.8 billion in cash. In addition, in Apple's trailing 12 months, the company paid out just $12.4 billion of its $53 billion of free cash flow in dividends. As long as Apple's business remains healthy, the company is poised for meaningful dividend increases for years to come. Image source: Getty Images. One potential catalyst for faster dividend growth Beyond Apple's consistent dividend increases and the company's supportive balance sheet and cash flow, there's a possible bonus upside to Apple's dividend. If legislation is passed that enables Apple to bring its abroad cash to the U.S. at a lower tax rate, management may re-evaluate its dividend and pay out a larger chunk of cash. In the company's second-quarter earnings call (via a Reuters transcript), Apple CFO Luca Maestri seemed to hint at the possibility of a more aggressive capital return program if this were to happen. It's difficult for us to speculate about what might or might not happen [with our excess cash]. The [capital return] program that we're announcing today reflects the current tax legislation in this country. And there's a lot that still needs to happen there, and we'll see. Obviously, we will reassess our situation if things change. Investors shouldn't count on favorable legislation, but if a repatriation tax holiday does become a reality, it's possible that Apple could give its dividend an extra boost. Combining a growing track record of consistent dividend increases, Apple's heady financial position, and a possible catalyst for even faster dividend growth, Apple is a dividend stock worthy of any income investor's portfolio. Sure, Apple's dividend yield of just 1.7% isn't exciting, but these other factors make up for this unimpressive yield. Daniel Sparks owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Daniel Sparks is a senior technology specialist at The Motley Fool. He served in the U.S. Army on active duty and graduated with an MBA from Colorado State University. Follow @danielsparks Article Info May 8, 2017 at 9:36PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $153.01 up $4.05 (2.72%) Read More A Foolish Take: Which Companies Dominate the Wearables Market? Apple Inc.'s Mac Accelerates Its Rebound Is This Crazy Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor Likely to Be True? A Noted Investing Guru Has Some Advice for Apple Apple Inc.'s iPad Does Better Than Expected Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current A Close Look at Apple, Inc.'s Dividend -- and Why It's a Solid Bet for Income Investors @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: Installing macOS Sierra step-by-step [Video] Trending in Apple Here’s how Apple could easily solve its Touch ID ‘problem’ on the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Opinion: We may now be just two or three years away from an iPhone replacing a DSLR Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: hardware and performance results [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 153.01 4.05 What feature is a ‘must have’ for you to use Apple’s Siri Speaker? [Poll] Chance Miller - May. 8th 2017 6:46 pm PT @ChanceHMiller Siri Speaker View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Reports related to Apple’s Siri Speaker have been gaining momentum over recent weeks, with some suggesting the possibility of the device even being shown off at WWDC next month. Earlier today, we outlined some of the potential features that the Siri Speaker could offer, and now we’re curious: What feature is a ‘must have’ in order for you to use Apple’s Siri Speaker? Take Our Poll Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover Apple’s Siri Speaker has been rumored for over a year now and it seems pretty clear at this point that this device is Apple’s competitor to the Amazon Echo and Google Home. The Siri Speaker is said to be positioned as a high-end alternative to the Echo and Home, offering more advanced features such as cameras for facial recognition and home security. For instance, a report last year claimed that the Siri Speaker would use cameras to be “self-aware” and detect who was in a room, allowing it to automatically pull up their profile and settings. More recently, it was reported that the Siri Speaker could feature a trashcan Mac Pro-esque design, while also offering Beats speakers built in. A separate report from the more reliable KGI reiterated that one of the differentiating features between Apple’s Siri Speaker and its competitors would be its acoustics performance, as well as the integration with existing services such as iOS and AirPlay. KGI also predicted that Apple could ship as many as 10 million of its “home AI product” within the first year of availability. In addition to advanced speaker technology and cameras, there are a variety of other features expected to come to Apple’s Siri Speaker. This includes things such as HomeKit support, the ability to act as a router/extender, and more. Of course, one thing that has to come with the new Siri Speaker is a smarter and more advanced Siri. It’s no secret that Siri has been leapfrogged by the likes of Amazon’s Alexa and Google Assistant, but if Apple wants to be able to compete, Siri must make its way towards the top. However, would you be willing to forgive a less intelligent Siri for other features? What feature is a ‘must have’ in order for you to use Apple’s Siri Speaker? Let us know in the poll above and in the comments below. Our previous coverage on Apple’s home assistant: Report: Apple’s rumored Amazon Echo-like Siri speaker may feature facial recognition cameras Report: Apple planning Siri SDK as it builds Amazon Echo/Google Home hardware competitor Opinion: A Siri Speaker can learn a lot from Amazon’s Echo, but its success really depends on improvements to Siri Opinion: Does Apple need to make an Amazon Echo/Google Home speaker, or just make Siri better? Rumor: ‘Siri Speaker’ Amazon Echo competitor could see WWDC debut with Mac Pro style KGI: Apple likely to announce ‘home AI’ Siri Speaker at WWDC, positioned as high-end Amazon Echo competitor Siri Speaker Wishlist: hi-fi audio, multi-user control, HomeKit features, more Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides Siri Speaker View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Tuesday, 9 May 2017 | MYT 7:00 AM Apple jumps to lead wearable computing with smartwatch Strategy Analytics estimated a 59% jump in Apple sales from a year earlier, with 3.5 million units sold in the first three months of the year. — AFP Apple has leapt to the lead in wearable computing on strong sales of it smartwatch, a market survey shows.  The survey released by Strategy Analytics showed Apple grabbed a 15.9% share of the wearables market in the first quarter.  While Apple does not release sales figures for its Apple Watch, the estimate by Strategy Analytics showed a 59% jump in sales from a year earlier, with 3.5 million units sold in the first three months of the year.  "The new Apple Watch Series 2 is selling relatively well in the US, UK and elsewhere, due to enhanced styling, intensive marketing and a good retail presence," said Strategy Analytics executive director Neil Mawston.  Fitbit, which has been a longtime leader of the wearables market with its fitness bands, slipped to third place on a 36% slide in sales in the first quarter, the research firm said.  The survey found that China's Xiaomi, which makes a budget-priced fitness band, was the second-largest vendor with a 15.5% global market share, ahead of Fitbit's 13.2%.  "Fitbit has lost its wearables leadership to Apple, due to slowing demand for its fitness bands and a late entry to the emerging smartwatch market," said Strategy Analytics researcher Cliff Raskind.  "Fitbit's shipments, revenue, pricing and profit are all shrinking at the moment and the company has a major fight on its hands to recover this year."  Overall, the report said sales of wearables rose 21% from a year earlier to 22 million units, led by stronger demand for new smartwatch models. — AFP Related Stories You May Be Interested FCC chairman Ajit Pai wants to cut regulations, speed new innovation approvals Blackpills streaming platform launches, has mobile viewers in its sights Facebook warns of fake news danger ahead of British election Will VW's latest app drive parents to distraction? Alexa – where is Amazon opening a new R&D centre? Cambridge, England Seven reasons to get an iPhone now Others Also Read China wants its anthem sung, but maybe not at parties U.S. hurdler Harrison set for finger surgery, expects quick return Coffee festival perks up interest advertisement Latest News Comcast, Charter announce wireless partnership Austrian court rules Facebook must delete hate postings Blackpills streaming platform launches, has mobile viewers in its sights Facebook crashes, Twitter suffers short outage Dota 2 expands appeal with storyline expansion Most Viewed in Tech ‘Revenge porn’ on ‘mass scale’ in Australia: survey Facebook crashes, Twitter suffers short outage Austrian court rules Facebook must delete hate postings Dota 2 expands appeal with storyline expansion Apple’s dilemma: what to do with US$256bil cash pile Use your old router to boost your WiFi at home PlayStation sets E3 2017 date, June 12 Comcast, Charter announce wireless partnership Too much screen time causing speech delays in children: study Blackpills streaming platform launches, has mobile viewers in its sights Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Image Source: Moe Slah iPhone 8 release will propel Apple to new heights Yoni Heisler @edibleapple May 8th, 2017 at 9:00 PM Share Tweet With the iPhone still Apple’s primary way of making money, it’s no surprise that Wall Street analysts and investors view iPhone sales as the most important indicator of Apple’s financial health. So even though Apple saw an increase in revenue last quarter, not to mention increasing its earnings per share from $1.90 to $2.20 year-on-year, the 1% drop in iPhone sales last quarter prompted shares of Apple to drop a bit in after-hours trading and on the day following its earnings release. Don't Miss: Amazon just discounted the Echo for the first time in 2017 Since then, Apple’s share price has not only rebounded, it has ascended to record-setting heights. At the close of trading on Friday, Apple shares were trading at $148.96, amounting to a 41.8% increase over the last six months. Clearly, Wall St. is less concerned with the “pause” in iPhone sales Apple experienced last quarter and more excited by the prospects of what the iPhone 8 will do for Apple’s bottom line. And speaking to how impactful investors believe the iPhone 8 will be, Apple’s share price has been seemingly unaffected by a slew of reports suggesting that the iPhone 8 release date may be pushed back as far as November. In any other year, such news would likely send Apple shares tumbling. Quantifying the optimism surrounding the iPhone 8, MacRumors got its hands on research notes from 19 individual analysts in the wake of Apple’s Q2 earnings report. Impressively, 15 of the 19 analysts believe shares of Apple will appreciate considerably in the months ahead. More specifically, 12 analysts believe Apple shares will hit a minimum price of $160. On the bullish side of the equation, analysts Brian White and Robert Cihra believe Apple shares will hit $185 and $180, respectively. On the bearish end of the spectrum, Sherri Scribner of Deutsche Bank believes Apple shares will fall to $130 while Mark Moskowitz of Barclays sees Apple shares falling all the way down to $123. While trying to time the market is a tried and true way to lose a lot of money quickly, the broader takeaway here is that the iPhone is poised for a huge resurgence. Though iPhone sales have been robust in recent years, the last time Apple saw a spectacular increase in iPhone growth was back when it released the iPhone 6 in 2014. The iPhone 8 is in a good position to change that, however. Aside from introducing a new form factor to a design that has arguably outworn its welcome, the current installed base of iPhone users looking to upgrade is greater today than at any other point in history. Accordingly, many analysts are anticipating that iPhone 8 will prompt a “super cycle” refresh that will leave Apple scrambling to meet unprecedented demand. Think of it this way: if the iPhone 7 — with no new form factor or revolutionary new features — managed to keep iPhone sales steady, just imagine what the iPhone 8 — with a brand new form factor and a slew of new features — will do once it finally starts shipping. Tags: Apple, iPhone 8 View Comments Trending 1 Entertainment Niantic just made a major change to stop Pokemon Go cheaters 2 Tech Leak reveals a new version of the Galaxy S8 that’s about to launch 3 Tech T-Mobile quietly killed one of its longest-running promos 4 Tech The OnePlus 5 launches this summer, and this might be our first blurry look at it 5 Tech iPhone 8 release will propel Apple to new heights Picked For You Amazon just discounted the Echo for the first time in 2017 By Maren Estrada May 7th at 10:30 AM The iPhone 8 design everybody hates is back By Chris Smith May 8th at 10:02 AM T-Mobile quietly killed one of its longest-running promos By Chris Mills May 8th at 7:18 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: More Evidence That Apple Needs to Launch a Siri Speaker It will probably have a display, too. Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) May 8, 2017 at 7:11PM Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) has effectively sparked an arms race in a product category that no one saw coming. Echo's success was surprising in part because Amazon launched a decidedly immobile device in an era of mobile devices. The fact that Echo is stationary is extremely important because it reset consumer expectations; it would always be on and you don't have to remember to charge it. By the looks of it, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) may finally enter the market for virtual assistant-powered stationary speakers a month from now. Can the company continue its streak of being the best in a market even if it's not the first? Image source: Amazon. Adoption is soaring eMarketer has just put out a report on the voice-activated speaker market, and the researcher's estimates suggest that Amazon continues to utterly dominate this product category. For 2017, an estimated 35.6 million consumers in the U.S. will interact with a voice-activated speaker on a monthly basis, up a mind-boggling 129% from 2016. Of those, 71% will be talking to Alexa while just 24% will be speaking to Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Home. Smaller players like LG Electronics and Lenovo, among others, fight for the scraps. Amazon's first-mover advantage has proven quite important, according to eMarketer analyst Martin Utreras. Prices are coming down while virtual assistants simultaneously become more powerful, which is spurring consumer adoption. Meanwhile, consumers are "becoming increasingly comfortable with the technology," according to Utreras. Apple's product will probably have a display Over the weekend, Apple marketing chief Phil Schiller had an interview with NDTV, and Schiller took the opportunity to talk about the category. In a jab at Amazon Echo and Google Home, Schiller opted not to address either product specifically, citing the old adage of "if you don't have something nice to say, say nothing at all." It seems clear at this point that Apple does have something in pipeline, given rising popularity of voice-activated speakers. Schiller also hinted that Apple's offering may have a display, unlike Echo and Home: First of all, there is a lot of talk in the industry about voice-driven assistants and we believe deeply in voice-driven assistants that's why [we] invest in Siri, but there is interest in a voice-only assistant, where there is no screen, and we think it's important to that there are times when it's convenient to simply use your voice when you are not able to use the screen. For example, if you're driving [and] you want Siri to work for you without having to look at the screen, that's the best thing. Or maybe you're across the room, and you want to ask Siri to change the song you were listening to -- you don't have to walk over and back [and you can use Siri instead]. So there's many moments where a voice assistant is really beneficial, but that doesn't mean you'd never want a screen. So the idea of not having a screen, I don't think suits many situations. For example if I'm looking for directions and I'm using Maps, Siri can tell me those directions by voice and that's really convenient but it's even better if I can see that map, and I can see what turns are coming up, and I can see where there is congestion, I understand better my route, and what I'm going to do. Schiller continued, highlighting both photography and games as other types of content that don't lend itself well to a screen-less device. It's pretty hard to imagine a voice-only game. It's probably worth pointing out that Amazon appears to be working on an Echo product that has a touchscreen, judging by recently leaked renderings. There's no real way to tell why Amazon omitted a display in the first place. Presumably, it could have been to cut costs, since displays are often the most expensive component of any device. But it seems preferable to at least have a display so that consumers have the option of using it, as there are plenty of contexts (like those Schiller mentioned) where having a screen improves the experience and functionality. As with most things Apple, we still don't know what we don't know, but the good news is we may not have to wait long to find out. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Amazon, and Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info May 8, 2017 at 7:11PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $153.01 up $4.05 (2.72%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $958.69 up $8.41 (0.89%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $949.04 up $14.89 (1.59%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $934.30 up $7.17 (0.77%) Read More A Foolish Take: Which Companies Dominate the Wearables Market? Apple Inc.'s Mac Accelerates Its Rebound Is This Crazy Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor Likely to Be True? A Noted Investing Guru Has Some Advice for Apple Apple Inc.'s iPad Does Better Than Expected Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current More Evidence That Apple Needs to Launch a Siri Speaker @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $GOOGL, $AMZN, $GOOG
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 #1362, 27 Mar 17 #1361, 20 Mar 17 #1360, 13 Mar 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist OmniFocus 2.9.1 OmniOutliner Essentials and Pro 5.0.3 Tweetbot 2.5 1Password 6.7.1 ChronoSync 4.7.6 and ChronoAgent 1.6.2 Typinator 7.2 Pages 6.1.1, Numbers 4.1.1, and Keynote 7.1.1 for Mac EagleFiler 1.7.6 Parallels Desktop 12.2.0 Lightroom CC 2015.10 and Lightroom 6.10     Related Articles Tim Cook Touts Apple’s American Jobs, Promises More (04 May 17) In Q2 2016, Apple Sees First Revenue Decline in 13 Years (26 Apr 16)     Published in TidBITS 1368. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. Tim Cook Touts Apple’s American Jobs, Promises More DealBITS Drawing: Win a Pass to the iBooks Author Conference 2017 Google Halts Massive Phishing Attack: Check Your Account New Microsoft OS and Laptop Aim at Apple and Google in Education FCC and Congress Work to Roll Back Net Neutrality TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 8 May 2017 ExtraBITS for 8 May 2017     Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Tech News | 02 May 2017 | Print  | Comment (1) Apple’s Q2 2017 Financial Results Show Slight Growth by Josh Centers and Michael E. Cohen Reporting on its second quarter 2017 financial results, Apple has announced net profits of $11.03 billion ($2.10 per diluted share) on revenues of $52.9 billion. The company’s revenues were up 5 percent compared to the $50.6 million revenue recorded in the somber year-ago quarter (see “In Q2 2016, Apple Sees First Revenue Decline in 13 Years,” 26 April 2016). The big news — literally — was Apple’s cash hoard, which has swollen to $256.8 billion — over a quarter of a trillion dollars. Perhaps Apple will be announcing macOS 10.13 Erebor at WWDC in honor of the dragon-plagued mountain that houses an equivalent treasure trove in J.R.R. Tolkien’s “The Hobbit.” In other good news, the Mac continued its unlikely ascent, with a whopping 14 percent year-over-year revenue boost, with 4.2 million units sold. Mac sales have accounted for $25 billion of Apple’s revenue in the past year. Services revenue was also once again a bright and shiny spot for Apple, increasing year over year by 18 percent and accounting for some $7 billion. Cook attributed the growth primarily to Apple Pay, which has seen transaction volume climb by 450 percent over the past year, and to double-digit revenue growth in Apple Music and iCloud Drive subscriptions. Apple CFO Luca Maestri said Apple’s goal is to double Services revenue by 2020. Given the stratospheric rise of the Services segment for the past several quarters, that seems entirely doable. There was less enthusiasm surrounding Apple’s core iPhone business. It saw revenue growth, but just barely: 1 percent year over year, with a total of 50.8 million units sold. Apple must be making more on each iPhone, since the company actually saw a 1 percent decrease in units sold compared to the same quarter last year. Cook said Apple had miscalculated the product mix, with the iPhone 7 Plus being more popular than expected, which might explain how Apple made more money with fewer sales. On the negative end of things, the iPad’s downward revenue spiral continued, posting a 12 percent drop year over year, with only 8.9 million units sold in Q2 2017. Nonetheless, according to Cook, although iPad sales growth continued to decline, the quarter’s results did exceed Apple’s expectations. CFO Luca Maestri also noted “supply constraints” for iPad, implying that might have been one cause for the lower sales. The Other Products category, which took a beating in Q1 2017 (see “Apple Sees Apparent Return to Growth with Q1 2017’s Record Results,” 31 January 2017), recorded a staggering 31 percent increase in year-over-year revenue. That’s good news for fans of products like AirPods, Apple Watch, and Beats headphones, which Cook identified as the primary drivers of growth. “Our revenue from wearable products in the past four quarters was the size of a Fortune 500 company,” Cook said. Internationally, Apple saw a 14 percent revenue drop in its Greater China operating segment, which would be more worrisome had the company not also tallied an 11 percent increase in the Americas, a 10 percent increase in Europe, a 5 percent rise in Japan, and a very healthy 20 percent increase for the rest of the Asia Pacific market. However, Apple did see double-digit Chinese revenue growth from the Mac, Services, and retail. Cook made a point of noting that Apple’s results in China were once again trending upward, and he remains “very enthusiastic” about China. Speaking of retail, Cook said that Apple Retail is entering a new phase of its life, with new experiences and new designs thanks to retail chief Angela Ahrendts. Cook highlighted Apple’s new store in Dubai, which is the 495th Apple Store location. It will be interesting to see if Apple makes a fuss over the 500th store. Apple is looking to make nice with the current U.S. administration, which has been talking about reducing taxes on offshore corporate earnings. Cook made it a point to mention that Apple had created 2 million jobs across all 50 states in the U.S., and he added that Apple spent $50 billion last year with American suppliers and developers. “Apple is a company that could only have been created in America,” Cook said. This statement turned out to be the beginning of a campaign by Apple to tout its impact on the American job market (see “Tim Cook Touts Apple’s American Jobs, Promises More,” 4 May 2017.) Finally, Apple has expanded its $250 billion capital return program to $300 billion, which includes an increase in the company’s quarterly dividend for shareholders. On 18 May 2017, Apple shareholders will receive a dividend of $0.63 per share (up from $0.57 per share last quarter, a 10.5 percent increase). Maestri said that Apple expects to keep increasing the dividend every year, and Apple expects to return $89 billion to shareholders over the next eight quarters. All told, Apple’s quarterly financial performance fell right in the middle of Meh Valley. The company’s revenue and sales results were neither outstanding nor dismal, merely OK, and, as if in imitation, the quarterly analysts’ conference call was unusually low energy. The fact is that we’re seeing the same non-dramatic, boringly consistent signs we’ve observed each quarter of the past year: the iPad in slow decline, Services on a steady rise, and a topsy-turvy Other Products category. With Apple’s financial security buoyed by its quarter of a trillion dollars in cash, investors might have some long-term concerns about an inevitable slowdown in iPhone growth, but, in the here and now, increased stock dividends should keep them happy.   READERS LIKE YOU! Support TidBITS by becoming a member today! Check out the perks at <http://tidbits.com/member_benefits.html> Special thanks to Jeff Carter, Fred Remley, Nick Morris, and Harry Tripe for their generous support!   Comments about Apple’s Q2 2017 Financial Results Show Slight Growth To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Apple saw yet another quarter of growth in Q2, but just barely, and most of that came from strong performances from the Mac, Services, and Other Products categories. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Tommy Friedmann  2017-05-08 20:42 I've always wondered how much Apple makes on a standard Apple Pay transaction. I'm sure it varies by the merchant, but the credit card gets a cut so what is the attraction for the merchant and how much more does it cost them? Reply  Search   Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Josh Centers and Michael E. Cohen TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Digital Trends Home > Mobile > The best USB Type-C cables to keep your gadgets… The best USB Type-C cables to keep your gadgets powered By Simon Hill — Updated May 8, 2017 9:02 am Subscribe Share Anker Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: The shift toward USB Type-C cables is well underway, and with good reason. Thanks to a reversible connector, you can finally wave goodbye to the frustration of plug in failures because your cable is in the wrong orientation. With USB-C, you can also potentially benefit from the latest speed boosts that the USB 3.1 standard brings. Almost every Android smartphone, such as Google’s Pixel phones, Samsung’s Galaxy S8, and the LG G6 sport the new port. Devices generally ship with a cable, but they sometimes break or go missing from time to time, and it’s always handy to have a spare or two. You may also want a USB Type-C cable to attach to one of your older chargers or devices. If so, below are the USB Type-C cables we personally recommend. STK Binary 3 USB Type-C, MicroUSB, Lightning connectors Quick charge: Yes Length: 1 meter Warranty: Apple Certified Price: $40 The USB Type-C connection is still new, so there are still a number of devices not using it yet, which means you (or your friends) probably have various devices that use a MicroUSB or Lightning connector to charge. Carrying many cables around with you isn’t practical, but the STK Binary 3 gives the best of all three worlds, in one handy cable. The central MicroUSB connector can quickly be converted into a USB Type-C or Apple Lightning connector, and the braided cable itself is super hardwearing, making this a cable suitable for all devices and all situations. Buy one now from: STK Ravpower C to C Cable Quick charge: Yes Length: 6.6 feet Warranty: 12 months Price: $11 This cable is a great value and offers rapid charging or syncing between two USB Type-C devices. That means you can use it to plug your Pixel smartphone into your new Macbook, or connect it to the USB-C brick that ships with Google’s phone. It’s a strong cable with solid, anodized-aluminum casing on the connectors. It supports fast charging, too, so you should be able to get maximum charging speeds for a range of phones. Syncing data is also extremely fast with this cable. Buy one now from: Amazon iOrange-E USB 2.0 C to C Braided Cable Quick charge: Yes Length: 6.6 feet Warranty: 12 months Price: $14 This nylon-braided cable is strong and sure to stay tangle-free. It’s another cable for hooking up Type-C to Type-C connections. It should support fast charging for most phones — delivering up to 3A — and it can also handle data syncing at up to 480 Mbps. If you don’t like the gold finish, the cable is also available in either black or silver. Buy one now from: Amazon Google USB-C to USB-C Cable Quick charge: Yes Length: 6 feet Warranty: 12 months Price: $25 Google offers a no-frills cable that’s a little more expensive than some of the others on the list. It has reinforced, rubbery plugs with a tapered neck. It can deliver up to 60W at 3A, so fast charging won’t be a problem. Data sync speeds are USB 2.0, so you’ll get up to 480 Mbps. This specific offering is a USB-C to USB-C cable, but the same price will net you a USB-C to USB-A cable. Charging speeds will vary depending on your device and charger, but it supports USB 3.1 for data transfers at up to 10 Gbps. Buy one now from: Google Belkin USB-C to USB-C Cable Quick charge: Yes Length: 3 feet Warranty: 2-year limited Price: $22 You’ll enjoy fast speeds based on the latest USB 3.1 standard with this USB-C to USB-C cable. That means you’ll be able to capitalize on data transfer speeds of up to 10 Gbps, gain support for Thunderbolt 3, and benefit from the ability to connect to a DisplayPort-enabled USB-C display, allowing for 4K resolution. It can deliver up to 3A of power. The design is minimalist, with slim connectors, which makes it easy to plug in. The necks are also reinforced, though that doesn’t mean the cable is all that rugged. Buy one now from: Apple Anker Powerline USB-C to USB 3.0 Cable Quick charge: Limited to 2.4A Length: 3 feet Warranty: 18 months Price: $14 You can use this cable to connect a new device with a USB-C port to a charger or computer with a standard USB port. This is a durable cable that you can rely on, with a double-braided exterior and an aramid fiber core. The connectors also have reinforced necks to reduce damage from bending, and this cable won’t tangle or get knotted. It syncs data at up to 5 Gbps, but, sadly, it won’t charge faster than 2.4A, so you won’t be able to get the maximum charging speeds for phones like the Google Pixel XL. It comes with a neat carry pouch, however, one that has a Velcro strap to help you keep any excess cable out of the way. Anker also offers an excellent USB-C to USB-C 2.0 cable for $10, which supports fast charging and syncing speeds at up to 480 Mbps. Buy one now from: Amazon Choetech USB-C to USB-A Cable Quick charge: Limited to 2.4A Length: 10 feet Warranty: 18 months Price: $8 If you need a longer USB Type-C cable to hook up to an older USB device or adapter, but you don’t want to spend too much, then this offering from Choetech could be the solution for you. It’s a plain, black cable that’s capable of charging at up to 2.4A. It won’t be able to charge at the maximum speed for some phones, however, and doesn’t work with the Dash Charge function unique to the OnePlus 3. That said, it’s going to be fast enough for most people. It can also sync data at speeds of up to 480 Mbps. Buy one now from: Amazon Cable Matters USB 3.1 C to A Cable Quick charge: Yes Length: 3.3 feet Warranty: Lifetime limited Price: $6 This short, black cable is thick and sturdy. It offers fast charging and data syncing for connecting USB-C to USB-A. It also supports the latest USB 3.1 standard and transfer speeds of up to 5 Gbps. In conjunction with a fast charger, it should charge phones and other devices at the maximum speed. This is a quality cable that works well, especially given the price. Buy one now from: Amazon Belkin 3.1 USB-A to USB-C Quick charge: Yes Length: 3 feet Warranty: Lifetime limited Price: $18 If you want 10Gbps transfer rates, then this is the cable you’re looking for. It has a USB-C connector on one end, and a USB-A 3.1 connector on the other. Most of the time, you will find USB-C to USB-A 2.0 or 3.0, so this cable is a special find. It’s compatible with any USB-C device, but well suited for laptops such as the Macbook and Google’s lauded Chromebook. It has a maximum charging output of 3A, too, so it will quickly charge your devices when you’re in need of a little juice. Buy one now from: Amazon Snowkids USB-C to USB-3.0 Quick charge: Yes Length: 6.6 feet Warranty: 18 months Price: $9 This 6.6-foot cable makes use of a braided-nylon design and attractive metallic housing, the latter of which adds durability. The cable is safe to use with USB-C smartphones, such as the Google Pixel, along with devices like the 12-inch Macbook. It also has a current output of 3.0A, ensuring a quick charge when paired with a 3.0A wall charger. Buy one now from: Amazon Bridgegen USB-C to USB-A 2.0 Quick charge: Yes Length: 6.6 feet Warranty: 18 months Price: $10 Compatible with the LG G6, Google Pixel, and other USB-C devices, this nylon cable can endure more than 4,000 bends. Quick Charge 2.0 requires a maximum current of 3.0A, so this 2.1A cable will provide charging speeds more in line with Quick Charge 1.0. It’s not as fast as the aforementioned Snowkids offering, but it does provide transfer speeds of up to 480Mbps. The cable also comes in black, gold, and rose gold, just in case you want to pair it with your newfangled Macbook. Buy one now from: Amazon This article was originally published on 11-22-2016. Updated on 05-08-2017 by Andy Boxall: Added STK Binary 3 cable.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple’s WWDC returns to San Jose June 5-9, 2017 Cupertino, California — Apple today announced its 28th annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) — hosting the world’s most talented developer community — will be held at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose. The conference, kicking off June 5, will inspire developers from all walks of life to turn their passions into the next great innovations and apps that customers use every day across iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV and Mac. Each year during WWDC, millions of talented developers around the world learn about Apple’s breakthrough platform technologies ranging from programming languages like Swift to breakthrough developer APIs like SiriKit, HomeKit, HealthKit and CarPlay. These Apple technologies inspire developers to continue creating incredible experiences for every aspect of customers’ lives and improve the way they manage their smart homes, cars, health and more for over one billion active Apple devices. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple FY 17 First Quarter Results Conference Call Next PostNext Apple Park opens to employees in April Search Recent Posts 2017 Global Air Quality Monitoring Devices Sales Market 2022 Trend & Forecast Report 2017 Global Air Quality Monitoring Devices Sales Market 2022 Trend & Forecast Report Global Wearable Payment Market Report 2020 with Key Vendors, Driver, Challenges & Trends at Growth of CAGR 59.44% Delray Beach, FL Author Publishes Novel New Zealand Author Publishes Spiritual Book RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Apple’s responsible sourcing efforts expanded beyond conflict minerals to include cobalt for the first time. For the second year in a row, 100% of Apple’s tin, tungsten, tantalum, and gold (3TG) smelters and refiners are participating in independent third-party audits. Apple has also partnered with numerous NGOs to drive positive change on the ground, including Pact, who are working to provide essential health and safety training to artisanal mining and building programs to help children stay in school. In 2016, Apple trained more than 2.4 million workers on their rights as employees. Since 2008, over 2 million people have participated in Apple’s Supplier Employee Education and Development (SEED) program. It offers opportunities to earn higher education degrees, attend vocational training, and take classes in arts, finance and language skills. To learn more about Apple’s progress, go to apple.com/supplier-responsibility. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Antifreeze Market to reach the value of USD 885.1 million by 2021 Next PostNext Apple takes supplier clean energy program to Japan Search Recent Posts 2017 Global Air Quality Monitoring Devices Sales Market 2022 Trend & Forecast Report 2017 Global Air Quality Monitoring Devices Sales Market 2022 Trend & Forecast Report Global Wearable Payment Market Report 2020 with Key Vendors, Driver, Challenges & Trends at Growth of CAGR 59.44% Delray Beach, FL Author Publishes Novel New Zealand Author Publishes Spiritual Book RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Watch band offerings expand for spring 2017 Today, Apple introduced a new lineup of fresh and bright band colors that give customers more opportunity than ever to personalize and customize their Apple Watch. Highlights for the season include a wide stripe Woven Nylon band, standalone Nike Sport Bands and beautifully crafted Apple Watch Hermès bands in striking new colors. All-new bands are available to order today from apple.com and for purchase at select Apple Stores, Apple Authorized Resellers and carriers in late March. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Chromatography Resin Market to grow to USD 2.46 billion by 2021 Next PostNext Antifreeze Market to reach the value of USD 885.1 million by 2021 Search Recent Posts 2017 Global Air Quality Monitoring Devices Sales Market 2022 Trend & Forecast Report 2017 Global Air Quality Monitoring Devices Sales Market 2022 Trend & Forecast Report Global Wearable Payment Market Report 2020 with Key Vendors, Driver, Challenges & Trends at Growth of CAGR 59.44% Delray Beach, FL Author Publishes Novel New Zealand Author Publishes Spiritual Book RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple takes supplier clean energy program to Japan Ibiden’s products help bring together the integrated circuitry and chip packages in Apple devices. Their renewable energy projects will produce over 12 MW of solar power — more than the energy they need for Apple manufacturing — and support Japan’s nationwide efforts to limit its carbon emissions. “These innovative new clean energy investments demonstrate our commitment to doing business responsibly and economically,” said Kyoichi Yamanaka, Managing Director of Ibiden’s Environment Group. “Our products help Apple devices run smarter, and now we’re powering our operations with smarter energy too. We’re pleased to partner with Apple and lead the way in helping Japan meet its clean energy goals.” Apple and its suppliers will be generating over 2.5 billion kilowatt hours per year of clean energy for the manufacturing of Apple products by the end of 2018 — equal to taking over 400,000 cars off the road for a year. Apple has taken significant steps to protect the environment by transitioning from fossil fuels to clean energy. Today, the company is powering 100 percent of its operations in 23 countries, and more than 93 percent of its worldwide operations, with renewable energy. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Raising the bar: Apple’s 11th annual Supplier Responsibility progress report released Next PostNext Swift Playgrounds now available in five additional languages Search Recent Posts Keysight Technologies to Host Webcast of Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call Lincomycin HCL Market 2017 – Pfizer, Nanyang PuKang, Henan Topfond, Anhui, Wanbei, NCPC Global Hemodialysis and Peritoneal Dialysis Market Forecast 2017-2022- B. Braun Melsungen AG, Diaverum Deutschland Gmbh, Nipro Corporation TDS Acquires Sun Prairie Utilities’ Telecommunications Assets in Wis. TDS Acquires Sun Prairie Utilities’ Telecommunications Assets in Wis. RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple opens new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami PHOTOS March 26, 2017 previous next Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place Apple Schildergasse Apple Brickell City Center Apple opened its doors to customers today at new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami, bringing Apple’s latest retail innovations to the heart of each city. More than 350 store employees welcomed thousands of customers at the grand openings, some queuing for days in advance. Each store complements the local architecture, from the restored facade in Schildergasse to the 90-by-30-foot glass entryway of Apple Nanjing. For the first time in each city, customers explored The Forum, a place where the local community can gather and learn. All three stores also feature The Boardroom, a space for local entrepreneurs, developers and business customers to get hands-on advice and training. Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place Customers lined up starting Thursday at the 90-by-30-foot glass storefront of Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place. Customers in Nanjing explore Apple’s latest products at Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place. Apple Nanjing Jinmao Place is the first store in China to feature a stone staircase with integrated recessed handrails. Apple Schildergasse Apple Schildergasse in Cologne is the first store in Germany to feature Apple’s latest innovative store design, including a Forum, Avenues and Boardroom. The double height grand hall of Apple Schildergasse in Cologne features a circular, suspended glass stair case. Apple restored the historic facade at Apple Schildergasse in Cologne. Apple Brickell City Centre The 100 employees at Apple Brickell City Centre in Miami speak nine languages, and nearly half speak Spanish. Customers gathered at Apple Brickell City Centre, Apple’s fifth store in Miami. Photos from Apple stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami CategoriesUncategorized TagsPhotos Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Swift Playgrounds now available in five additional languages Next PostNext Apple introduces Clips: the fun, new way to create expressive videos on iOS Search Recent Posts 2017 Global Air Quality Monitoring Devices Sales Market 2022 Trend & Forecast Report 2017 Global Air Quality Monitoring Devices Sales Market 2022 Trend & Forecast Report Global Wearable Payment Market Report 2020 with Key Vendors, Driver, Challenges & Trends at Growth of CAGR 59.44% Delray Beach, FL Author Publishes Novel New Zealand Author Publishes Spiritual Book RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple introduces Clips: the fun, new way to create expressive videos on iOS Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple opens new stores in Nanjing, Cologne and Miami Next PostNext Clips brings fun and simple video creation to iPhone and iPad Search Recent Posts Vascular Graft Market 2017-2021 2017-2021 Voice Prosthesis Device Market Research Report Robert Lee Ahn Denounces Latest North Korean Provocation; Calls Trump Approach to Rogue Nation „Incomprehensible” The New Ireland Fund, Inc. — Tender Offer Update Global ITO Glass Market Share, Size, Trends and Forecast by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple TV gets new Siri capabilities and single sign-on San Francisco — Apple today announced powerful new Siri capabilities, single sign-on for Apple TV and many more great new features for users, making the entertainment experience in the living room even better. With expanded Siri capabilities, including searching across even more apps, YouTube search, topic search and tuning right into more live channels, customers can get to their favorite content even faster. The future of TV is apps, and with single sign-on customers can authenticate all the video channels from their pay-TV providers by simply signing in once to enjoy all of their network-TV apps. “The future of TV is apps, and Siri on Apple TV has changed the way we interact with our television and these expanded features will continue to deliver viewers what they want to watch even faster,” said Eddy Cue, Apple’s senior vice president of Internet Software and Services. “There are over 6,000 apps to enjoy on your Apple TV including over 1,300 video channels, which are even more fun to watch with the new Siri features combined with single sign-on.” CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Swift Playgrounds app makes learning to code easy and fun Next PostNext Global Apps for Earth campaign with WWF raises more than $8M Search Recent Posts 2017 Global Air Quality Monitoring Devices Sales Market 2022 Trend & Forecast Report 2017 Global Air Quality Monitoring Devices Sales Market 2022 Trend & Forecast Report Global Wearable Payment Market Report 2020 with Key Vendors, Driver, Challenges & Trends at Growth of CAGR 59.44% Delray Beach, FL Author Publishes Novel New Zealand Author Publishes Spiritual Book RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple celebrates store opening at Dubai Mall UPDATE April 27, 2017 Apple Dubai Mall provides stunning views of the Burj Khalifa and Dubai Fountain from the two-level store. Perched above the Dubai Fountain and in the shadow of the Burj Khalifa, Apple Dubai Mall opened to thousands of customers Thursday afternoon. Customers were the first in the Middle East to experience the just-announced Today at Apple programs. Apple employees welcome customers to Apple’s third store in the United Arab Emirates. Thousands of customers gather at Apple Dubai Mall for the grand opening on Thursday afternoon. Customers in Dubai explore the latest products in the new store. Local musicians perform during Today at Apple sessions at Apple Dubai Mall. During a Today at Apple performance, an artist illustrates the session on iPad Pro with Apple Pencil. The carbon fiber “Solar Wings” open to invite the community to the public terrace along the 186-foot curved storefront. Visitors experience Apple’s latest innovative store design, including the Genius Grove, Forum, Avenues and Boardroom. Find out more about upcoming events and registration for Apple Dubai Mall. Photos from Apple Dubai Mall CategoriesUncategorized TagsUPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple celebrates Earth Day with new initiatives and stories of innovation Next PostNext Swift Playgrounds app makes learning to code easy and fun Search Recent Posts 2017 Global Air Quality Monitoring Devices Sales Market 2022 Trend & Forecast Report 2017 Global Air Quality Monitoring Devices Sales Market 2022 Trend & Forecast Report Global Wearable Payment Market Report 2020 with Key Vendors, Driver, Challenges & Trends at Growth of CAGR 59.44% Delray Beach, FL Author Publishes Novel New Zealand Author Publishes Spiritual Book RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Swift Playgrounds app makes learning to code easy and fun A preview release of Swift Playgrounds is available today to Apple Developer Program members as part of the iOS 10 developer preview and will be available with the iOS 10 public beta in July. The final version of Swift Playgrounds will be available in the App Store for free this fall. Swift Playgrounds is compatible with all iPad Air and iPad Pro models and iPad mini 2 and later running iOS 10. For more information including videos, images and demos, visit, apple.com/swift/playgrounds. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple celebrates store opening at Dubai Mall Next PostNext Apple TV gets new Siri capabilities and single sign-on Search Recent Posts Global Harbor and Marina Management Software Industry Growth Rate and Market Segment by Regions/Countries Global Triadimenol Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Global Thiram Market 2022: Segmentation by Manufacturers, application, type & regions Global Thiophanate-methyl Market Regional Analysis with Key Strategies, Application & Forecast to 2022 Thiabendazole Market Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Tuesday, May 09, 2017 2:46 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 29°C, Rain MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money S&P 500, Nasdaq eke out records as Apple gains Tuesday May 9, 2017 07:29 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Salt might not be as bad as you think it is Minister slams Sarawak Report for stalking PM’s wife in UK One win from three matches, or Conte calls it a little step to EPL title The Edit: Why you should watch Malaysian film ‘You Mean the World to Me’ Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The broad-based S&P 500 finished up a hair at 2,399.38, while the Nasdaq Composite Index added less than 0.1 per cent at 2,399.38. Both narrowly topped Friday’s records.. — Reuters picNEW YORK, May 9 — The S&P 500 and Nasdaq edged to fresh records yesterday following a strong gain by Apple as US stocks eked out gains following sluggish Chinese trade data. Apple jumped 2.7 per cent following favourable comments about the company by the respected Warren Buffett, an Apple investor, in a broadcast interview. But US stocks stayed within a tight range on the whole as investors digested centrist Emmanuel Macron’s election victory in France Sunday, which was expected. Analysts said US markets were pressured by Chinese data showing slower export growth in April than in the previous month. The broad-based S&P 500 finished up a hair at 2,399.38, while the Nasdaq Composite Index added less than 0.1 per cent at 2,399.38. Both narrowly topped Friday’s records. The Dow Jones Industrial Average advanced less than 0.1 per cent to 21,012.28. Kate Spade & Co jumped 8.3 per cent after it reached a deal to be bought by Coach for US$2.4 billion (RM10.41 billion). Coach gained 4.8 per cent. Tribune Media gained 5.2 per cent after agreeing to be acquired by Sinclair Broadcast Group for US$3.9 billion. Sinclair lost 2.2 per cent. Some pharmaceutical stocks fell with Eli Lilly dropping 2.2 per cent, Celgene 3.3 per cent and Mylan 1.4 per cent. Tyson Foods fell 6.1 per cent after reporting a 21.4 per cent drop in second-quarter earnings to US$341 million. — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week IMF says Asia facing risks from rise in protectionism Bursa Malaysia opens higher but turns choppy Australia’s Crown completes Macau gaming exit Bursa Malaysia marginally lower at mid-morning Ringgit opens easier against US dollar Firefly says cut Penang flights due to weak ringgit, competition High debt, stagnant wages to hobble Malaysia’s growth in 2017, says economist Zcash, the virtual money making its mark Bitcoin soars above US$1,400 to all-time high Bursa to trend higher towards 1,770 points level next week Most Watched Now Week NYT Video: How Danny DeVito eats an egg (and still says his lines) on Broadway Innovative globe chess board Reuters Video: After Macron win, Le Pen kickstarts rebrand Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Related Articles Nasdaq ends above 6,000 for first time as US stocks rally again Apple reports blockbuster quarter as iPhone sales top estimates Wall Street rises as hawkish Fed boosts financial stocks Apple sells more iPhones than expected, shares jump after hours Strong economy, earnings bets propel S&P 500 to record high Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Age Business Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News AFL Business Politics World Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Sport Video All News Victoria News National Environment Health Education Investigations Galleries Clique Photos Good Weekend NSW News ACT News Queensland WA News Sport AFL Ultimate Footy Cricket Soccer Racing Netball NRL Union Motorsport Basketball Tennis Scores Cycling Golf US Sports Athletics Boxing Swimming News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorial Obituaries View from the Street Blunt Instrument Satire The Zone Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage Melbourne Film Festival What's On in Melbourne Video Box Office Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games eSports Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Federal Budget 2017 Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets Live Save Print License article Markets Live: Bank tax talk sparks $14b rout Patrick Commins and Jens Meyer 845 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More A softish trading update by CBA combined with talk of a new levy on banks sparked heavy selling in the major banks, dragging the ASX to a loss, as tonight's Federal Budget looms. Reluctant shoppers: retail spending slips again, missing market expectations of a modest rise CBA posts a small rise in third quarter cash profit but net interest margins continue to fall Shares in the big banks have been hit badly this month, with ANZ's 11% slide leading the way Iron ore's plunge continues, with spot prices now threatening to break through $US60 a tonne Wall Street's fear gauge, the VIX, slid overnight to its lowest level in nearly a quarter-century Sort posts by Newest Oldest 4:37pm That's it for Markets Live today. Thanks for reading and your comments.        Have a great evening, watch out for pies, and see you all again tomorrow morning from 9. 4:37pm Talk of a new tax on the big banks combined with an underwhelming CBA trading update to trigger a vicious selloff in the big four lenders on Tuesday, shaving nearly $14 billion off their market capitalisation. The S&P/ASX 200 fell 0.5 per cent to 5839.9, led by the banking sector, which suffered its worst day since last year's Brexit shock. All other sectors ended the day higher. Investors, already jittery after soggy earnings results from the major lenders, rushed to the exit as reports came in that the federal budget would include a new tax on their balance sheet liabilities, aiming to raise $6 billion over four years. "This represents around 5 per cent of the banking sector's profits," UBS banking analyst Jonathan Mott said. Earlier in the morning CBA posted underwhelming third-quarter figures, book-ending a week of updates that started with ANZ's disappointing earnings result last Tuesday. "CBA had a bad result in the morning and shares were pretty expensive to begin with," Regal Funds Management analyst Omkar Joshi said. The country's biggest retail bank was hit hardest on Tuesday, falling 3.9 per cent, its biggest slump since February last year, but the other three weren't far behind, with Westpac dropping 3.5 per cent, ANZ losing 2.6 per cent and NAB down 2.1 per cent. The past week of earnings results abruptly ended the April rally in the big banks, which had taken their shares to two-year highs. Since May 1, ANZ - which also went ex-dividend on Monday - has plunged 11.3 per cent, Westpac has lost 6.6 per cent, CBA has shed 6.4 per cent, and NAB has dropped 4.9 per cent as local and global investors took profits. "Offshore selling by big hedge funds, who see the stocks as highly priced, has also been a factor over the past week," Mr Joshi said. The heavy losses in the banks masked a broadly upbeat tone, which saw 136 stocks in the benchmark index closing higher. Telstra was among the biggest winners among blue chips, rising 2.3 per cent. But energy stocks also fared well, as did the big miners. BHP Billiton added 0.8 per cent, South 32 rose 1.5 per cent, Origin Energy gained 2.6 per cent and Santos closed up 2.2 per cent. Winners and losers in the ASX 200 today. Photo: Bloomberg 3:59pm More on that new tax the Treasurer is allegedly planning to slap on the banks in tonight's budget (see post below). UBS analyst Jonathan Mott reckons, based on the AFR reports, that it could be equivalent to a 5 per cent hit on bank earnings per share. "It is unclear whether this tax will only apply to the major banks (most likely), include Macquarie (potentially) or also include the regionals (unlikely)," Mott says. He's talking a transaction, or Tobin, tax, while the AFR's latest is a tax on retained earnings. In any case, the banks "would be likely to pass [higher costs from a new impost] on to customers," Mott reckons: The Australian Banks have a very good track record of passing on higher funding costs, credit risks and other headwinds to customers. Although there is likely to be political pressure and further calls for a Royal Commission, we would expect the banks to pass a potential transaction tax onto borrowers. We believe the easiest way for the Banks to achieve this would be to reprice their mortgage books. To offset a $1.5bn headwind we estimate the Banks would need to reprice their variable mortgage books by 12- 15bp. Alternatively, the Banks could increase owner occupied mortgage rates by ~10bp and investment property loans by ~25bp (Interest Only loans by more). This would also help the Banks meet their lending caps imposed by APRA A brief history of Aussie mortgage debt. Photo: UBS 3:19pm Looks like that bank levy we mentioned earlier is coming in today's budget: Australia's big four banks are bracing themselves for a new tax on balance sheet liabilities in the 2017 federal budget which is said to raise $6 billion over four years, the AFR's Tony Boyd is reporting: In a move reminiscent of Labor's mining tax, Treasurer Scott Morrison is planning to impose a tax on the aggregate liabilities of the major banks, according to banking sources. The sources said Treasury Secretary John Fraser will call the big four bank chief executives tonight at 6.30pm before Morrison delivers the bad news. The tax will come directly out of retained profits, which is of great concern to the banks because this is a source of capital for finance to small business. Morrison could defend the tax by pointing to the strong profitability of the big four which make about $30 billion. There are numerous ways of taxing banks. The most popular has been a financial transactions tax, also known as a Tobin tax in honour of a Nobel Prize winning economist James Tobin. Tobin taxes are in place in about a dozen countries including France, Hong Kong, South Africa, Italy and the United Kingdom. But Morrison has opted for the same system used in the United Kingdom. This is a tax on liabilities for banks which have aggregate liabilities in excess of £20 billion. The UK tax is being phased out from 0.21 per cent to zero over the next five years. Here's more at the AFR Losses in the big four have accelerated since this morning, with CBA down 3.5 per cent, on track for its biggest daily loss since February last year, Westpac off 3.2 per cent, ANZ losing 2.4 per cent and NAB down 2 per cent. Altogether, the big four have lost nearly $13 billion in value just today and more than $30 billion since the selloff started last Tuesday after ANZ posted underwhelming earnings. Will the budget bring a tax on bank liabilities? Photo: Paul Rovere 2:51pm Retailer JB Hi-Fi was revealed as a short by Trafalgar Copley's David Copley at the Sohn Investment Conference's forum for up-and-coming hedge fund managers in New York overnight. Speaking at Next Wave Sohn, one of the world's flagship investment conferences for hedge fund ideas, Copley told the audience that he held a negative view on Australian property which includes Sydney and Melbourne - two of the world's six most expensive cities. The investor also proposed being short Mirvac and the New Zealand dollar. We believe there is a bubble in residential Australian housing supply, says David Copley of Trafalgar Copley. #Sohn2017— CNBC (@CNBC) May 8, 2017 According to one account of his presentation, Copley believes that JB Hi-Fi is vulnerable to the entry of Amazon in Australia and that its $870 million The Good Guys acquisition increases its exposure to housing. He also alluded to JB Hi-Fi's roll-out as being mature. According to ASIC short position data, 7.65 per cent of JB Hi-Fi's capital is held by short sellers and 1.53 per cent of Mirvac, as of May 2. JB Hi-Fi shares are down 13.6 per cent this year after Tuesday's 84¢ or 3.3 per cent fall to $24.24. It is one of a basket of domestic retailers that are under pressure since Amazon confirmed its Australian strategy including Myer, Metcash and Super Retail Group. Mirvac was unchanged at $2.29. Here's more at the AFR Shorting JB Hi-Fi was presented as an investment idea at the Next Wave Sohn conference in New York. Photo: Penny Stephens Back to top 2:24pm The FT 's revered Lex column has taken a look at TPG's $2.2 billion offer for Fairfax, recommending management turn down the private equity firm's bid: Journalists see themselves as fearless seekers of truth. TPG, would-be owner of the Sydney Morning Herald, sees them as producers of clickbait for property listings. Shareholders in Fairfax Media, owner of Australia's oldest newspaper, should reject the private equity group's $2.2bn approach because it understates the value of key assets financially, rather than socially. The break-up bid is also an exercise in cherry-picking. The TPG-led consortium wants to buy Domain, an online property listings group, for 95 Aussie cents per Fairfax share in cash. Newspapers, including the Herald, would change hands too, partly because their online reach extends that of Domain. This would leave Fairfax investors owning a rump business whose assets include rural Aussie titles with net debt of some $125m. According to Fairfax, TPG attributes a value of 25-35 cents to this listed B-team. Some analysts think 15 cents would be closer. The lower estimate is consistent with the price of $1.09 at which Fairfax shares were trading yesterday. The cash offer, meanwhile, assigns an enterprise value of 15 times earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation to Domain and its journalistic appendages. That looks cheap, considering online property businesses such as Australia's REA and Zoopla of the UK trade at 25 times. TPG has shown intelligent opportunism in attempting to low-ball the board and shareholders of Fairfax. The group is embroiled in a strike with journalists over proposed job cuts. However, the very weakness of newspapers could mean Fairfax gets a better offer from within the industry. Consolidation is likely if Australia relaxes ownership rules to support the faltering industry. A defensive plan by Fairfax to demerge Domain could also deliver more for shareholders than TPG's approach. The bid belongs where old-fashioned editors once put all the news not worth printing: on a spike. TPG has approached Fairfax Media with an offer to purchase its metropolitan mastheads and property business Domain. Photo: Louie Douvis 2:08pm The Australian dollar has hit a fresh four-month low after disappointing retail sales figures reinforced expectations of steady interest rates for months to come. The Aussie fell as low as US73.55¢ in the wake of the retail data, down 0.4 per cent on the day, and is currently fetching US73.61¢. Another wave of selling could hit the currency when European trading desks wake up around 4pm, AEST. Watching interesting support level on A$ this evening over Federal Budget. 50% of 2016/17 range and downtrend support both come in at 0.7331 pic.twitter.com/Sd5jJlTozd— Robert Rennie (@R0bertRennie) May 9, 2017 The weak data, however, barely changed expectations of a steady rate outlook with interbank futures showing almost no chance of a move this year. "The annual rate of retailing values stands near levels not seen since 2013 when the RBA was in the midst of a rate-cutting cycle," St George chief economist Besa Deda said. "This time round, weak retailing growth is unlikely to lead the RBA to slice the cash rate in the near term ... because it is cognisant of the risks from rising household debt levels." In other words, the RBA is worried a lower cash rate could prompt households already indebted to the tilt to take on even more debt. The Aussie is down 1.7 per cent so far this month, largely due to retreating iron ore prices. The most-traded iron ore on the Dalian Commodity Exchange is down another 2 per cent, below 460 yuan a tonne and nearing January lows. Meanwhile, the pound popped above $1.7600, the highest since September last year. A break above $1.7797 would open a test of the symbolic $2.00 last seen nearly one year ago. 1:43pm Should investors be worried that the recent slump in commodities prices might indicate the next global economic downturn? HSBC chief economist Paul Bloxham asks. Since mid-April, the prices of oil, iron ore and copper are down -12 per cent, -17 per cent and -4 per cent, respectively, although they are still well above their early-2016 troughs. It's too early to really tell if the slump is the sign of something more serious, but Bloxham says there are good reasons on the supply side to believe that the price falls are not signalling a sharp fall in demand: For oil, the main story is that higher prices are bringing US shale producers back to life and that there could be global oversupply, not weak demand Iron ore supply is also ramping up and, so much so, that the decline in iron ore prices was widely anticipated With copper, the ending of strikes at the world's largest copper mine in Chile is set to boost copper supply, so, again, it is not necessarily a demand story  Bloxham says the slump in metals prices is really more a China story than anything else, considering the country consumes more than half of global supply. "We concede that it may very well be the case that the metal price decline is signalling that China's growth will slow in coming quarters." But this has been widely expected, he says. HSBC's China economists are forecasting that China's growth peaked in Q1 at 6.9 per cent and will ease through the year to 6.6 per cent by Q4. "At these rates, China's growth is still pretty hefty," he says, adding "The expected shift in the composition of China's growth away from metal-intensive housing investment is also consistent with some pullback in metals prices." 1:37pm Pie face day. Here's the historical view: The Bill Gates pie-in-the-face is widely regarded by experts to be the greatest CEO pieing. pic.twitter.com/YjqWHxvfZu— John McDuling (@jmcduling) May 9, 2017 1:27pm "The retail sector is verging on recession", says Citi economist Josh Williamson. In a note that lobbed into our inboxes just after that last post, Williamson points out that "retail trade growth has now been negative in three out of the last four months (no growth per month on average), the sector's worst performance since July to November 2012". The March data pre-date APRA's announcement at the end of March to tighten lending conditions, which has seen lending rates rise, especially for investors and interest-only borrowers, and our bank analysts expect some further rises. This will add to the downward pressures on the consumer. This is why we downgraded our outlook for consumer spending to flat line at slightly below trend both this year and next. The data place some near term downside risk to the RBA's view that household consumption will increase at a rate slightly above the average since the GFC. But as there are no economics related speeches by RBA officials ahead of the next board meeting on June 6 we can't gauge the Bank's reaction. Furthermore, the weaker retail data wasn't hinted at in yesterday's business confidence and conditions data that showed an improvement in March and April and which the RBA considers valuable. In the meantime, investors should look to the wage cost index data on May 17 and Labour Force on May 18.   Building approvals suggest the best is past for retail sales, Citi says. Photo: Citi Back to top 1:12pm This morning's poor retail sales figures will "add to growing concerns about the health of the household sector", Capital Economics economist Kate Hickie writes: In particular, the much weaker than expected rise in real retail sales in the first quarter suggests that real consumption growth eased notably last quarter. Nominal retail sales fell outright for the second consecutive month in March. This is a very rare occurrence (it has been seven years since it last happened) and means that there wasn't any momentum in retail spending going into the second quarter.  The sales data were "unequivocally weak", and suggest "not every cloud has a silver lining," JP Morgan's Tom Kennedy says: This is a material deceleration from the prior quarter, which was also revised down two tenths to 0.7% q/q, and confirms our sense that the pace of household consumption recorded late last year was facilitated by a sharp drop in the saving rate, and was unsustainable. While the retail sales and national accounts data are not perfectly aligned (retail sales has a narrower scope, even within goods spending), today's print creates some downside risk to 1Q household consumption. Barclays economist Rahul Bajoria also highlights how the weak consumption growth implied by retail sales data could weigh on Q1 GDP: The bounce higher in consumption in Q4 appears to be an aberration, and in Q1, we think consumption GDP growth is likely to slow, as evident from the weakness in real retail sales for Q1 17. Real retail sales fell to 0.1% q/q growth, the weakest print in 11 quarters, and may only show a modest recovery going into Q2, in our view. We also believe that the improvement in employment may take time to spill over into consumption growth, as higher corporate profitability will likely only gradually spill into wages. RBC Capital's Michael Turner writes: The weakness in spending over Q1 is somewhat surprising given that i) household wealth grew further over H2'16 given the rise in residential property prices and ii) the labour market added 130k jobs over Q4 and Q1.  To be sure, we have long held a below-trend consumption profile in our numbers.  However, we had expected a gradual slowdown over 2017 as a slower housing market and consolidation of household balance sheets helped the savings rate stabilise, leaving spending growth closer to (weak) income growth. The lack of momentum in household spending already apparent to start the year leaves a heightened focus on incoming data on consumption. Finally, ANZ's Jo Masters writes: The recent speech by RBA Governor Lowe highlighted the Bank's growing concern about the vulnerability of the economy to shocks to the household sector given the high level of indebtedness. In line with this concern we have argued in earlier research that the household saving rate is likely to have risen in Q1. The soft retail sales data is consistent with this. Photo: JP Morgan 12:59pm With interest-only loans comprising 50 per cent of its mortgage book, is Westpac "the most exposed bank to the Australian housing bubble"? That's the question being asked by UBS's straight-talkin' banking analyst Jonathan Mott, who has downgraded Westpac shares to "neutral" in a note titled "Nowhere to run". "For the first time Westpac [WBC] disclosed its exposure to interest-only (IO) lending, which contributes 50% of its mortgage book and 46% of 1H17 flows," Mott writes in a note to clients. "This compares to ~40% for the system. While WBC indicated that IO mortgage applications have recently fallen to the mid-30s, there is still a long way to go for WBC to get below APRA's 30% cap (we expect banks will need to target 20-25% to allow a buffer)." The analyst's 12-month share price target has dropped to $32.50 from $33.50. The stock last fetched $33.19. All that said, Mott described Westpac's capital build as "strong". And the call is a neutral, rather than negative one, belying the dramatic headline. A couple of weeks ago UBS economists rang the bell on the housing construction boom, saying that new housing starts will fade next year and that property price growth is set to "moderate" from here. Mott picks up on that theme, writing: We expect the housing market to slow sharply as APRA's macro-prudential changes come into effect. We see risks to household cash flows as banks reprice their books and borrowers face ~30% increase in repayments as they move from IO to principal & interest. We have been supporters of Westpac and continue to see it as a well-managed, conservative organisation. However, with the stock having rallied to 14.1x 18E P/E and a more challenging outlook for the banks and the housing market, we have moved our rating back to neutral. We expect the revenue outlook to remain challenging over coming years as credit growth slows.  While some [net interest margin] expansion is likely near term, this is likely to be offset by a normalisation in credit charges from low levels. Mott is on a bit of a roll: yesterday he downgraded Macquarie to neutral. Westpac CEO Brian Hartzer. Photo: Michele Mossop 12:40pm James Packer's Crown Resorts has ended its 12-year adventure in Macau, selling the remainder of its stake in Melco Crown Entertainment for $1.34 billion. Crown formally announced the sale this morning, and said the proceeds from the sale of the 11.2 per cent stake would "initially be used" to reduce debt. The sell-down is the final part of Crown's exit from Melco; in December 2014 it sold a 13.4 per cent stake in Melco, raising $1.6 billion. Crown will also formally end its joint venture with Melco and its chief executive, gambling scion Lawerence Ho. In a statement Mr Ho described Melco's tie up with Crown as "the world's most successful global gaming partnership" and thanked Mr Crown for being a great friend and partner for the past decade". Importantly, the end of the joint venture means Melco and Crown will now pursue separate proposals to build casinos in the newly opened market of Japan. "Despite our positive history with Crown, I made the strategic decision to terminate the joint venture arrangement and allow Melco to pursue Japan alone," Mr Ho said. Japan is seen as a trophy for casino operators around the world, given its proximity to China, its wealthy population and its stable regulatory environment. By contrast, Macau casino operators have been caught up in a broader corruption crackdown driven by Chinese authorities. Just hours before Crown announced its sales, Macau authorities announced they will require facial recognition and identification card checks at ATMs before Chinese UnionPay cardholders can withdraw cash. The measure is aimed at further curbing money laundering in the world's largest casino hub. In November last year, 18 Crown staff were detained in China amid a further crackdown on wealthy gamblers. Crown paid a special dividend to investors following its December Melco selldown, but it is unclear whether this will repeated with the latest deal. Crown shares are up 1 per cent at $12.63. James Packer's Crown Resorts has ended its 12 year adventure in Macau. Photo: MN Chan 12:21pm And here are some responses from the Twitterati to this morning's disappointing retail sales data:   Soft retail sales in AU, -0.1%mom but more importantly up just 0.1%qoq in real terms - creates potential downside for Q1 GDP growth #ausbiz— Alex Joiner (@IFM_Economist) May 9, 2017 Annual growth has eased in every industry besides food. Cafes & restaurants still elevated, while department stores struggle #ausbiz pic.twitter.com/ifnB0jX2NK— Callam Pickering (@CallamPickering) May 9, 2017 Aus Mar retail sales -0.1%mom after -0.2%. Q1 real retail sales just +0.1%mom. =>weak Q1 GDP. No chance RBA rate hike here..adds to cut risk— Shane Oliver (@ShaneOliverAMP) May 9, 2017 Strip out the population ponzi and Oz retail sales volumes are going backwards. #ausecon pic.twitter.com/8DQ9MhFTid— Justin Fabo (@justinfabo) May 9, 2017   12:08pm A surprise 0.1 per cent monthly fall in retail sales over March has sent the Aussie lower, with annual growth in retail turnover dropping to 2.1 per cent, its weakest in nearly four years. The figure is well off the consensus economist prediction for sales to expand by 0.3 per cent over the month. Currency traders reacted swiftly to the miss, sending the Aussie lower by a quarter of a penny on the release. It last fetched 73.7 US cents. Over the March quarter, and after stripping out price effects, turnover rose 0.1 per cent in the March quarter 2017, following a rise of 0.7 per cent in the December quarter 2016, the ABS reports. The main contributors to this rise were food retailing (0.6 per cent), household goods retailing (0.4 per cent) and other retailing (0.4 per cent). "Inclement weather was expected to restrain sales with the March month featuring abnormally wet conditions over the major eastern states and Cyclone Debbie impacting Qld and parts of NSW late in the month," Westpac economist Matthew Hassan said. "That impact looks to have been more substantive, retail sales fell 1.3 per cent in Queensland. Sales across the rest of Australia rose 0.2 per cent over the month." Back to top 11:48am We interrupt this blog for an important message: Qantas boss Alan Joyce has had a pie shoved in his face while speaking at a business breakfast in Perth. Joyce was the keynote speaker at a West Business Leadership Matters event at the Hyatt Regency this morning when a man appeared on stage with a pie, according to the ABC. The man, reportedly in his 60s, then grabbed the Qantas CEO before shoving the pie in his face and casually walking off stage. Qantas boss Alan Joyce copped a cream pie in the face during a talk at a leadership breakfast in Perth. Report in 7 News at 6pm. pic.twitter.com/P6zsOTOW9X— 7 News Adelaide (@7NewsAdelaide) May 9, 2017 It's not clear why Joyce became victim of a pie attack but apparently he dealt with it very well, leaving the stage to get cleaned up and returning a few minutes later to continue his speech. The attacker seems unlikely to be a Qantas shareholder, as he'd have little to complain about: the stock has hit a fresh nine-year high today of $4.72, up 1.3 per cent for the session and a whopping 41 per cent since the start of the year. Investors have been cheering strong earnings growth and last week's trading update showed the airline is on track for its second-best profit ever. And Credit Suisse reckons the shares could even rise to $7.00 if the airline achieves its longer-term targets of a 10%-plus return on invested capital through financial year 2020, and loyalty pre-tax earnings to hit $500 million by 2022. "These are tough but potentially achievable targets, with strong management execution and limited adverse market conditions (ie, fuel spikes, new entrants, economic/political crises...), " said analyst Paul Butler. We say, Joyce clearly deserves cake. Can't have been a disgruntled shareholder: Qantas hit a nine-year high today. Photo: Quentin Jones 11:09am Reports of a new levy on banks in today's budget have spooked investors, accelerating the May selloff in the sector. It didn't help that CBA's trading update this morning came in on the softer side of expectations. Cash earnings for the quarter were $2.4 billion which was slightly weaker than consensus expectations of $2.45 billion, but on an underlying profits basis, the result was about 6 per cent below consensus expectations which Regal analyst Omkar Joshi says  highlights the weak revenue environment the banks are in. "Overall, the result was slightly weaker than expectations but the composition was also soft," Joshi says. Shares of the big four are all down around 2 per cent for the day, with CBA's 2.6 per cent drop leading the way. Bank shares have been under pressure ever since ANZ released disappointing numbers last Tuesday, retreating from multi-year highs hit just the day before. ANZ is leading the sector's decline, plunging 11 per cent since May 1 - a fall of greater than 10 per cent is deemed a 'correction' - while the other big banks are down around 5.5 per cent since then. It's worth noting, though, that ANZ went ex-dividend yesterday, which in itself accounts for 80¢ of the $3.70 drop. Altogether, the big four banks have lost around $30 billion in value in just one week of trading. Even the smaller banks are deep in the red this month, with Bank of Queensland down 3.9 per cent and Bendigo and Adelaide Bank losing 4.6 per cent. Macquarie is holding up better, thanks to last week's strong annual result, but shares are still down 2.2 per cent since May 1. The government is believed to be considering a levy on the big four banks as part of today's budget, Sky News Business reported late yesterday. The proposed levy would not touch the savings of normal Australians, Sky said, but target the hundreds of millions in institutional loans the big four banks make to each other. "However (the levy) is described it will represent an additional tax or fee and the market is likely to be nervous about this prospect until they get details of what might be involved and what capacity of banks might have to pass this cost on to customers," said CMC chief market analyst Ric Spooner. The tax talk came after Treasurer Scott Morrison signalled yesterday that the budget would target the major banks on a range of measures, announcing a Productivity Commission inquiry into competition in the financial services sector. In an interview with the AFR, Morrison said despite some competitive advances driven by innovation and technology, the major banks had grown more powerful since the Global Financial Crisis. "There should be no denying that there has been an increased consolidation of the position of the major banks," he said. 10:59am We mentioned below that "implied" or "expected" volatility on the S&P 500 index, as per the Vix, is at its lowest since 1993. But actual volatility is also at multi-decade lows on both sides of the Atlantic, the FT reports. The realised 90-day volatility of the S&P 500 index has fallen to just 6.7 per cent, which makes this the most tranquil market since 1995, while realised European stock market volatility is near its lowest level since 1990. "It's quite something," said John Vail, chief global strategist at Nikko Asset Management. "It seems we're in a goldilocks environment right now. But it's quite surprising that with all the uncertainty in the world that Vix would be so low." "The more volatility gets compressed, the more volatility expands when it is released," said Nigol Koulajian, the chief investment officer of hedge fund Quest Partners. "When something happens, it's going to be really bad . . . Volatility has become completely useless as a measure of risk." 90-day realised equity volatility has also vaporised on the US (SPX) and European (E300) sharemarkets. Photo: FT 10:30am A reasonably balanced sharemarket performance has been overwhelmed by heavy selling in the big banks and miners, after CBA's quarterly update fails to spark interest in the sector. The ASX 200 is off 39 points or 0.7 per cent at 5832, with as many stocks higher as there are lower. CBA is down 2.3 per cent, Westpac 2 per cent, ANZ 1.8 per cent and NAB 1.4 per cent. Macquarie has dropped 1.9 per cent. Resources stocks are also lower, with BHP down 0.3 per cent, Rio 0.6 per cent and Fortescue 2.2 per cent. Woodside is up 0.3 per cent, pacing gains in the energy sector and the oil price. Santos is up 0.7 per cent. Industrials are doing well as investors turn away from the major mining and banking sectors. Brambles is up 0.7 per cent and Aurizon 0.6 per cent, while Computershare has added 0.7 per cent. Retail stocks are getting beat up again this morning after yesterday's plunge in Myer after a broker slashed their earnings expectations ahead of the department store's quarterly trading update on Friday.  Myer is steady, but Harvey Norman is down 3.9 per cent and JB Hi-Fi has dropped 3.7 per cent. Retail sales data from the ABS is due today. Winners and losers in the ASX 200 this morning. Photo: Bloomberg 10:13am DoubleLine Capital's Jeffrey Gundlach recommends shorting the S&P 500 index and going long on emerging market stocks despite conventional wisdom that raising US rates will lead to a stronger greenback. Specifically, Gundlach recommended wagering long on the iShares MSCI Emerging Markets exchange-traded fund and betting against the SPDR S&P 500 ETF. He also said it's a myth that the Federal Reserve raising rates necessarily leads to a stronger US dollar. "What the heck, let's have some fun," Gundlach, chief investment officer of DoubleLine Capital said overnight at the Sohn Investment Conference in New York. "Let's leverage it one time." At last year's conference, Gundlach recommended a pair trade, going long on a mortgage REIT ETF while shorting a utilities sector ETF. After covering the cost of one turn of leverage, the trade yielded 40 per cent in the year through Friday. This year's bet is a relative value play and not a forecast that the S&P 500 will fall, Gundlach said. "For about a year and a half now, there's been no outperformance of the S&P 500, but rather the emerging markets had been competing well and now they're outperforming year to date," Gundlach said during his Sohn presentation Monday. Gundlach is primarily a bond investor. On a May 2 webcast, he advised sticking with gold and emerging-market debt while warning the stock market may face a correction and oil prices are likely to fall. Short US stocks, long EM: Jeffrey Gundlach. Photo: Michael Nagle Back to top Search pagination Current page Live Article Posts1 Next Live Article Posts2 Share via Email Post on facebook wall Share on Google Plus Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit 1 new post(s) available. View post(s) Dismiss Advertisement 184 comments Comment are now closed Sort comments by Oldest Newest HuffPost Australia 'Prime Minister Trumble' Speaks At ... Contains: External link Ways To Beat Energy Price Rises Contains: External link Most Popular Bank rout wipes out $30 billion in value Retailers on verge of a 'recession' Lower dollar does little to stop surge in online sales Dole demerit point system touted in latest budget leaks 'All too much for Myer' - Brutal note crashes Myer Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow The Age Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business 'All too much for Myer' - Brutal note crashes Myer Lower dollar does little to stop surge in online sales Bank rout wipes out $30 billion in value Australians can't rely on Qantas as Dreamliner set to be a nightmare Domino's cops landmark fine for 'screw up' The Age Collingwood legend Lou Richards dies 'All too much for Myer' - Brutal note crashes Myer Tram ticket inspectors 'demand to see woman's banking details' Qantas boss Alan Joyce jokes he needs a decent drycleaner after cream pie incident Trump protection in first 100 days soars to $40 million The Sydney Morning Herald Australian customs destroys unique lichen specimens in quarantine mix-up Trump protection in first 100 days soars to $40 million Woman indecently assaulted on Sydney Harbour Bridge: police 'Mini-Anzac Bridge' unveiled as next link in the track for the metro Qantas boss Alan Joyce jokes he needs a decent drycleaner after cream pie incident Brisbane Times 'All too much for Myer' - Brutal note crashes Myer Church leader raped choir girls: Qld court Accusations fly as bitter contractual dispute with BCC deepens Missing army officer may have led a 'double life': inquest Queensland Premier's chief of staff resigns Canberra Times Computer glitch hits super payments of thousands of public servants No pants were the new pants at Canberra's Groovin The Moo The private battle of Canberra newsreader Craig Allen The Canberra schools losing funds have been revealed Australian customs destroys unique lichen specimens in quarantine mix-up WA Today Panty sniffer the 'most disgusting thing I've seen' SAT finds Lisa Scaffidi guilty of 45 serious breaches of Local Government Act Boat lost on Freo road 'at least stopped at traffic lights' Qantas boss Alan Joyce jokes he needs a decent drycleaner after cream pie incident Vaginal mesh implant destroyed my life: Perth mum speaks out Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Age Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition The AGE for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters The Age Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Business Image Source: Shutterstock Apple may soon become the world’s first trillion-dollar company Yoni Heisler @edibleapple May 8th, 2017 at 7:12 PM Share Tweet Buoyed by the forthcoming release of the iPhone 8, shares of Apple have been on an absolute rampage lately. Over the past few months, Apple shares have skyrocketed by nearly 50%. In fact, Apple shares earlier today reached a brand new all-time high, eclipsing the $153.50 threshold for the first time in company history. In the process, Apple’s market cap surpassed $800 billion for the first time. One of the reasons why Apple shares jumped up today —  iPhone 8 rumors aside — is because Berkshire Hathaway (of Warren Buffet fame) more than doubled its investment in Apple over the past few months. During the last quarter alone, Berkshire Hathaway’s holdings in Apple increased from $7.1 billion to $19.2 billion. And seeing as how Buffet is largely regarded as the most successful investor in history, Buffet gracing Apple shares with his blessing goes a long ways towards convincing other investors that Apple has plenty of room for growth ahead. Don't Miss: New report says the iPhone 8 isn’t delayed at all Apple’s passing of the $800 billion market cap threshold aside, some analysts believe Apple shares may climb even higher. One analyst in particular, Brian White of Drexel Hamilton, is confident Apple’s stock price will rise sufficiently high as to give Apple a trillion dollar market cap, something no company has ever previously achieved. As it stands now, Apple has approximately 5.2 billion shares outstanding. For Apple to become the world’s first trillion-dollar company, its shares will have to trade in the $191 range, an increase of about 25%. White, in a recent note to investors, anticipates that Apple’s stock price may even break the $200 barrier. Currently, White 12-month price target on Apple shares is in the $185 to $202 range, easily making him the most bullish analyst covering Apple today. Detailing his optimistic take on Apple’s future business prospects, White explains: In our view, Apple’s quarterly results will be less important this summer as investors are focused on the iPhone 8 this fall, along with the company’s raised capital distribution initiative, depressed valuation and potential new innovations. We believe Apple remains among the most underappreciated stocks in the world (11.3x our CY:18 EPS estimate, ex-cash). Assuming that the iPhone 8 lives up to the hype — and at this point there’s no reason to believe it won’t — White’s exceedingly bullish take on Apple shares is undeniably plausible. One final point worth mentioning is that the price target Apple shares need to reach to hit a trillion dollar market cap will increase ever so slightly if Apple continues to buy back shares on the open market and retire them. Tags: Apple, Apple stock View Comments Trending 1 Entertainment Niantic just made a major change to stop Pokemon Go cheaters 2 Tech Leak reveals a new version of the Galaxy S8 that’s about to launch 3 Tech T-Mobile quietly killed one of its longest-running promos 4 Tech The OnePlus 5 launches this summer, and this might be our first blurry look at it 5 Tech iPhone 8 release will propel Apple to new heights Picked For You Amazon just discounted the Echo for the first time in 2017 By Maren Estrada May 7th at 10:30 AM iPhone 8 release will propel Apple to new heights By Yoni Heisler May 8th at 9:00 PM Microsoft just killed your Surface Pro 5 dreams By Chris Smith May 8th at 10:25 AM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Apple Inc. (AAPL) SVP D Bruce Sewell Sells 67,500 Shares Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) Major Shareholder Purchases $7,809,858.00 in Stock Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. (MPWR) CEO Michael Hsing Sells 19,765 Shares BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Reduces Stake in Global Payments Inc (GPN) Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOX) Shares Bought by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Acquires 149,266 Shares of Vornado Realty Trust (VNO) Kimco Realty Corp (KIM) Stake Maintained by RMR Advisors LLC Torchmark Co. (TMK) Shares Sold by Suntrust Banks Inc. Suntrust Banks Inc. Has $2.069 Million Position in Commercial Metals Company (CMC) Suntrust Banks Inc. Sells 100 Shares of Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (MXIM) Bank of New York Mellon Corp Has $137.545 Million Position in Autodesk, Inc. (ADSK) Genocea Biosciences Inc (GNCA) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.06 EPS Regal Beloit Corp (RBC) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Model N Inc (MODN) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Tailored Brands Inc (TLRD) Given Hold Rating at Deutsche Bank AG Monster Beverage Co. (MNST) Given “Overweight” Rating at Morgan Stanley Sito Mobile Ltd (SITO) Given Buy Rating at Maxim Group Flexion Therapeutics Inc (FLXN) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.76 Per Share Analysts Set Premier Oil PLC (PMO) Price Target at $91.80 Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact Compass Minerals International (CMP) Share Price Apple Inc. (AAPL) SVP D Bruce Sewell Sells 67,500 Shares May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) SVP D Bruce Sewell sold 67,500 shares of Apple stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $148.76, for a total value of $10,041,300.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 141,325 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $21,023,507. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) traded up 2.72% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $153.01. 48,729,266 shares of the stock traded hands. Apple Inc. has a 12-month low of $89.47 and a 12-month high of $153.70. The stock has a market cap of $797.77 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.95 and a beta of 1.26. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $143.13 and its 200-day moving average price is $126.70. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The iPhone maker reported $2.10 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.02 by $0.08. The firm had revenue of $52.90 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $52.61 billion. Apple had a net margin of 20.73% and a return on equity of 34.94%. Analysts predict that Apple Inc. will post $8.95 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 18th. Shareholders of record on Monday, May 15th will be paid a dividend of $0.63 per share. This is a boost from Apple’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.57. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 11th. This represents a $2.52 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.65%. Apple’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 27.31%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/apple-inc-aapl-svp-d-bruce-sewell-sells-67500-shares.html. A number of institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Van Cleef Asset Management Inc raised its position in Apple by 0.4% in the third quarter. Van Cleef Asset Management Inc now owns 172,796 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $19,535,000 after buying an additional 763 shares during the period. Stewart & Patten Co. LLC raised its position in Apple by 2.3% in the third quarter. Stewart & Patten Co. LLC now owns 79,007 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $8,931,000 after buying an additional 1,806 shares during the period. Schneider Downs Wealth Management Advisors LP raised its position in Apple by 18.2% in the third quarter. Schneider Downs Wealth Management Advisors LP now owns 4,433 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $501,000 after buying an additional 682 shares during the period. Trust Co. of Virginia VA raised its position in Apple by 2.0% in the third quarter. Trust Co. of Virginia VA now owns 89,559 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $10,124,000 after buying an additional 1,722 shares during the period. Finally, Wendell David Associates Inc. raised its position in Apple by 1.2% in the third quarter. Wendell David Associates Inc. now owns 116,573 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $13,179,000 after buying an additional 1,395 shares during the period. 58.76% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Several research firms recently commented on AAPL. Drexel Hamilton reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $202.00 price target (up previously from $185.00) on shares of Apple in a research report on Monday. Maxim Group lifted their price target on Apple from $163.00 to $171.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $171.00 price target (up previously from $163.00) on shares of Apple in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Nomura set a $165.00 price target on Apple and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $160.00 price target on shares of Apple in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating, forty-one have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $152.63. About Apple Apple Inc (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. Receive News & Ratings for Apple Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Turkey world middle east europe americas africa asia - pacific economy politics sports health infographics photo video video gallery multimedia other corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal anadolu post anadolu post news academy election 2015 Türkçe English BHS Pусский Français العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی македонски Anadolu Agency English Turkey Turkish justice minister talks FETO with US counterpart Features archive Turkey ready to build 'best fighter in the world' Features archive Erdogan congratulates France's Macron on election win Features archive Turkey, Germany vow to boost trade as tensions ease Features archive 113 migrants missing after boat sinks off Libya Features archive world middle east Geneva talks on Syria to be reconvened on May 16: UN Features archive Israeli court postpones trial of Turkish charity worker Features archive Iraq's Turkmen concerned over PKK presence in Kirkuk Features archive Despite record, Iran’s Rouhani likely to win 2nd term Features archive europe France’s Macron tells Trump he will defend climate deal Features archive Geneva talks on Syria to be reconvened on May 16: UN Features archive 113 migrants missing after boat sinks off Libya Features archive France's Macron steps down as En Marche! leader Features archive americas Apple market cap. climbs above $800 billion Features archive Former top US lawyer: White House warned over Flynn Features archive Turkish justice minister talks FETO with US counterpart Features archive Wall Street closes flat Features archive africa Anadolu Agency unveils 'Grand Africa Project' Features archive Burkina Faso takes terrorism seriously, says president Features archive Malawian president calls for African unity Features archive Tests rule out Ebola in Liberia Features archive asia - pacific South Korea holds snap election Features archive Malaysian-born Daesh leader killed Features archive Myanmar urged to reopen 2 Muslim schools Features archive Daesh continues to threaten Afghanistan after MOAB Features archive economy Apple market cap. climbs above $800 billion Features archive Wall Street closes flat Features archive Rolls-Royce, Turkey's Kale Group sign deal Features archive US stock market opens flat Features archive Turkey's crude steel output sees sharp increase Features archive politics Turkish justice minister talks FETO with US counterpart Features archive British PM says she will bring migration down Features archive Tillerson to meet Russia's Lavrov this week Features archive Macron decisively beats Le Pen to French presidency Features archive Turkey's CHP expels deputy over criticism on leader Features archive sports Turkish sports club chief fined for slapping rival Features archive Turkish wrestlers achieve their second best since 1949 Features archive Turkish sports club boss faces probe for slapping rival Features archive Turkey to take part in Everest marathon for first time Features archive Extra time goal saves 9-man Fenerbahce against Besiktas Features archive health Israel medics reject plan to force feed hunger strikers Features archive Cholera outbreak in Somalia claims 618 lives: UN Features archive US teen hospital visits grow after pot legalization Features archive Turkey spends $340M on elderly, physically challenged Features archive Nigeria: President's wife seeks to quash health worries Features archive infographics photo Arab Police Championship in Lebanon Wedding ceremony in support of Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails Snow in Moscow at the May Clashes in South Africa Gokoguz Turks celebrate Hidirellez in Moldavia video video gallery Iraqi villagers guard against Daesh threat Eurovision 2017 Red Carpet Arrivals Dinner In The Sky Event In Antalya Anti-government protest in Brussels multimedia Anadolu Post: Your source for trusted news FETO Exposed: Mithat Aynacı July 15 coup protester martyred 'for the sake of the homeland' FETO Exposed: Adil oksuz other corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal news academy anadolu post anadolu post select language Türkçe English BHS Pусский Français العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی македонски Apple market cap. climbs above $800 billion The firm's market capitalization climbed to $815.08 billion on Monday -- a first for any company in history home > world, economy, americas 09.05.2017 Övünç Kutlu New York Features archive related news US stock market opens lower Apple net income, revenue rise US chipmaker Qualcomm to pay $815M to Blackberry Android’s app store to top Apple’s WikiLeaks says US govt built iPhone hack By Ovunc Kutlu NEW YORK American tech giant Apple has become the first company in history to have a market capitalization above $800 billion on Monday. After closing at $148.96 per share on the U.S. stock market on Friday, Apple's stock price soared 3.2 percent on Monday to as high as $153.70 per share. The firm's market capitalization became $815.08 billion -- a first for any company in history. Apple saw its revenue increase by 4.5 percent to $52.9 billion in the first quarter of the year, from the same period a year ago. The company's net income rose by 4.8 percent to $11 billion during that period. Apple has also surpassed all U.S. companies in net income during the first quarter of the year. Anadolu Agency website contains only a portion of the news stories offered to subscribers in the AA News Broadcasting System (HAS), and in summarized form. Please contact us for subscription options. Facebook Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Related Galleries today's headlines 08 : 55 corporate news Anadolu Agency unveils 'Grand Africa Project' 00 : 31 Turkey Turkey ready to build 'best fighter in the world' 22 : 18 middle east Iraq's Turkmen concerned over PKK presence in Kirkuk 21 : 50 Turkey Erdogan congratulates France's Macron on election win 20 : 53 middle east Haniyeh: Prisoners issue will remain priority for Hamas 20 : 11 Turkey 113 migrants missing after boat sinks off Libya: IOM 19 : 20 world State of emergency declared in Yemen’s Hadhramaut 18 : 54 Today in 60 seconds 18 : 49 Turkey Erdogan calls for more Muslim visits to Jerusalem 18 : 18 world Egypt’s al-Sisi in Bahrain for final leg of Gulf tour 17 : 41 politics British PM says she will bring migration down 17 : 36 politics Tillerson to meet Russia's Lavrov this week 16 : 42 Turkey Turkey to unveil two new missiles in defense exhibition 16 : 33 world Head of Egypt Muslim Brotherhood gets 25 years in jail 15 : 19 world Landmine kills 3 soldiers in Somalia 15 : 17 sports Turkish sports club boss faces probe for slapping rival 14 : 34 Turkey Erdogan attends funeral of father of ex-President Gul 13 : 53 Turkey Turkey arrests over 1,000 terror suspects 13 : 27 world UN: Over 1 million children flee S. Sudan war, famine 12 : 52 politics Macron decisively beats Le Pen to French presidency analysis news Use of MOAB and assessing new US defense posture No method in the madness The fallout of North Korea’s nuclear policies OPINION - Macedonia in grip of new crisis OPINION: Hezbollah and Iran's Lebanese mailbox Apple market cap. climbs above $800 billion 1 / 1 Apple market cap. climbs above $800 billion analysis news corporate news education culture and art life science-technology photo video up corporate history editorial guideliness social media policies ethics commission executive team domestic offices international offices media center contact quality management announcement service sponsorship human resources subscription requests corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal news academy election 2015 mobile services iPhone application iPad application Android application Windows application © Anadolu Agency 2017
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 09, 2:43 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Mac Malware: Popular Mac App HandBrake Compromised By Malware By AJ Dellinger On 05/08/17 AT 6:59 PM Close Popular open source MacOS video converter HandBrake was compromised by malware for nearly five days earlier this month, a message from the company behind the application revealed Monday. A download mirror server used to host HandBrake was hacked, and a modified version of HandBrake that contained a variant of the OSX.Proton Trojan was uploaded in its place, meaning anyone who downloaded the app from the compromised server may have been infected. Read: Mac Malware: OSX/Dok Bypasses Apple Security, Steals Internet Activity The makers of HandBrake said anyone who downloaded the app for Mac from 10:30 a.m. EDT last Tuesday until 7 p.m. EDT Saturday may have been hit by the exploit. The company said anyone who downloaded the app during that period has a “50/50 chance” of being infected. The OSX.Proton Trojan downloaded from the compromised server is a remote access trojan (RAT) that has been spread through Russian forums. An analysis published by security researchers at cyberintelligence firm Sixgill found the malware is able to spy on user activities. It is capable of monitoring a user’s keystrokes, uploading files remotely to the victim’s machine, downloading files from the internet, taking screenshots of user activity and gaining root access to the device. The malware is often able to bypass Apple’s GateKeeper tool designed to keep unauthorized applications from installing on a device because the trojan ships with an Apple-approved signature that was likely stolen or faked. Read: Mac Malware: Snake Attack Used For Targeted Espionage Discovered for MacOS When a user tries to launch the compromised version of HandBrake, the Proton trojan will launch a fake authentication message that asks for the username and password of the user. If the user provides that information, the malware will install itself and elevate its privileges to further infect the machine. How to Find and Remove Proton Trojan Because GateKeeper and other third-party virus scanners have yet to catch the threat of the Proton trojan, users have to take their protection into their own hands. The first step is detecting if the Proton trojan is on your system. This can be done by opening the OSX Activity Monitor application, found in the Utilities folder. Look for a process in the Activity Monitor called “activity_agent.” If it is present on your system, you are infected. You can remove the trojan by opening the MacOS Terminal application, also found in the Utilities folder. With Terminal open, run each of the following commands by copying and pasting the command into Terminal and hitting enter: launchctl unload ~/Library/LaunchAgents/fr.handbrake.activity_agent.plist rm -rf ~/Library/RenderFiles/activity_agent.app if ~/Library/VideoFrameworks/ contains proton.zip, remove the folder It’s also advised those who have been infected remove any "HandBrake.app" installations they may have. The creators of HandBrake warn that even if the trojan is removed entirely from a device, there is still a risk it may compromise a user’s passwords stored in MacOS KeyChain or in the browser. It is recommended that users change their passwords after removing the malware. Related Stories Malware Used For Espionage Attacks Found For Mac New Mac Malware Can Bypass Apple’s Security Tools Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Recommended Business Coach Shares Spike After Kate Spade Deal Is Announced The news came after months of speculation and talks that seemed to fall through. Technology ‘Street Fighter 5’ Update: Meet New DLC Character Ed Capcom has finally revealed the next DLC character “Street Fighter 5” players should watch out for. World Earth’s Rock History Shows Flat Planet Covered In Ocean Young Earth did not have the surface shape it has today. Scientists say it was probably pretty flat and almost completely covered in ocean. National Trump's Twitter Banner Changed To Deny US-Russia Links President Trump changed his twitter "header" to deny the alleged link between his campaign and Russia. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 09, 2:51 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple, Amazon, Samsung, Best Buy: 10 Tech Gifts For Mother's Day By Denisse Moreno On 05/08/17 AT 6:19 PM Close Mother’s Day is this week, and we’ve compiled a list of tech gadgets you could gift this year. Apple released a list of suggestions for Mother’s Day a month ago that included the iPad Pro and Apple Watch. Amazon and Best Buy recently listed tech gifts you can give out this year, including sales on the Amazon Echo and Google Home. Here are 10 tech gifts for Mother’s Day: Amazon Amazon released a list of gifts “for the mom who loves tech time.” The list includes the Fire HD 8 Tablet, Kindle and other gadgets. The Amazon Echo uses Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and voice controls and can connect with certain lightbulbs and thermostats to control your home. Photo: Amazon Amazon Echo Amazon is offering the Alexa-powered Echo device for $149.99, $30 less than its original price, $179.99. The Amazon Echo, which comes with free shipping, is available in black and white. The Amazon Echo responds to users’ questions, including about the weather and news, as well as controlling smart home appliances, such as switches, thermostats, garage doors and other objects. Read: Amazon Echo Look: An Alexa Powered Camera Device That Works As Your 'Style Assistant' Amazon Fire HD 8 Tablet on sale for Mother's Day. Photo: Amazon Fire HD 8 Tablet Amazon is selling the Fire HD 8 Tablet with Alexa for $64.99, down from $89.99. The device, which also comes with free shipping, features an 8-inch HD display and has a 16GB capacity. The 32GB capacity tablet is priced at $94.99, down from $119.99. The device is available in black, blue, magenta and tangerine. Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos revealed an 8th generation Kindle announcement is coming next week. Pictured are the Kindle Voyage (front) and the Paperwhite. Photo: Amazon.com Inc. Amazon Kindle All Amazon Kindles’ prices have been slashed for Mother’s Day. The Kindle is priced at $59.99, down from $79.99. The Kindle Paperwhite is selling for $99.99, down from $119.99. The Kindle Voyage is priced at $179.99, lower than its original $199.99 price, and the Kindle Oasis Free 3G + Wi-Fi is down $50, from $359.99 to $309.99. Amazon is offering $350 off the Samsung Tab Pro for Mother's Day. Photo: Amazon Samsung Tab Pro Amazon is taking $350 off the Samsung Tab Pro. The tablet is now priced at $549.99, down from $899.99. The device comes with a 12” Super AMOLED display, 4GB RAM and 128GB Solid State Drive. The device also comes with a detachable keyboard with integrated touchpad, which transforms the tablet. Amazon is offering half off the Epson WF-2760 All-in-One Wireless Color Printer with scanner, copier, fax, ethernet, Wi-Fi direct and NFC. Photo: Amazon Epson printer Amazon is offering half off the Epson WF-2760 all-in-one wireless color printer with scanner, copier, fax, ethernet, Wi-Fi direct and NFC. The printer is priced at $69.97, down from $129.99. Apple Apple has a complete gift list on its site under the “Perfect for Mother’s Day” page. Apple gifts for Mother's Day 2017. Photo: Apple iPad Pro Apple is pushing the iPad Pro to customers for Mother’s Day. The 9.7-inch iPad Pro is priced at $599, while the 12.9-inch display model is available for $799. The tablet is shown on the page with the Apple Pencil and Smart Cover, which cost $99.00 and $49.00, respectively. Read: Apple Siri Speaker: 5 Expected Features Including Improved Beats Audio, Touchscreen Apple gifts for Mother's Day 2017. Photo: Apple Apple Watch The Woven Nylon and Sport Bands for the wearable device, both priced at $49 are also on the Mother's Day list. Apple Watch Series 2 devices start at $369, while Series 1 Apple Watches start at $269. Apple gifts for Mother's Day 2017. Photo: Apple BeatsX Earphones The BeatsX Earphones, which launched in February, also are suggested by Apple. The wireless headphones come in black and white and are priced at $149.95. Best Buy Google Home, pictured above during the presentation of new Google Hardware in San Francisco, Oct. 4, 2016. Photo: Reuters Google Home Best Buy is offering $15 off the Google Home, available for $114.00, down from $129.00. The voice-activated speaker powered by the Google Assistant answers users’ commands, similar to Amazon Echo devices. Best Buy is offering the Fitbit - Alta HR Activity Tracker + Heart Rate for $129.95 Photo: Best Buy Fitbit Best Buy is offering the Fitbit - Alta HR Activity Tracker + Heart Rate for $129.95, a $20 savings from its original $149.95 price. The device is available in Black, Coral, Fuchsia and Blue Gray.   Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Recommended Business Coach Shares Spike After Kate Spade Deal Is Announced The news came after months of speculation and talks that seemed to fall through. Technology ‘Street Fighter 5’ Update: Meet New DLC Character Ed Capcom has finally revealed the next DLC character “Street Fighter 5” players should watch out for. World Earth’s Rock History Shows Flat Planet Covered In Ocean Young Earth did not have the surface shape it has today. Scientists say it was probably pretty flat and almost completely covered in ocean. National Smallbatch Pets' Product Recalled Over Salmonella Risk This recall was initiated after routine testing by FDA of a 2lb bag of chicken blend revealed the presence of Salmonella. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 #1362, 27 Mar 17 #1361, 20 Mar 17 #1360, 13 Mar 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist OmniFocus 2.9.1 OmniOutliner Essentials and Pro 5.0.3 Tweetbot 2.5 1Password 6.7.1 ChronoSync 4.7.6 and ChronoAgent 1.6.2 Typinator 7.2 Pages 6.1.1, Numbers 4.1.1, and Keynote 7.1.1 for Mac EagleFiler 1.7.6 Parallels Desktop 12.2.0 Lightroom CC 2015.10 and Lightroom 6.10     Published in TidBITS 1368. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. Apple’s Q2 2017 Financial Results Show Slight Growth Tim Cook Touts Apple’s American Jobs, Promises More DealBITS Drawing: Win a Pass to the iBooks Author Conference 2017 Google Halts Massive Phishing Attack: Check Your Account New Microsoft OS and Laptop Aim at Apple and Google in Education FCC and Congress Work to Roll Back Net Neutrality TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 8 May 2017     Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Email | 08 May 2017 | Print  ExtraBITS for 8 May 2017 by TidBITS Staff We have just two ExtraBITS for you this week: the popular DVD-ripping app HandBrake was temporarily infected with malware, and Apple has launched an extended repair program for the iPad Pro Smart Keyboard. HandBrake App Infected with Malware -- Developers of the HandBrake DVD-ripping app have issued a warning that attackers inserted malware into copies of the app on one of its download mirror servers. They have shut that server down, but if you downloaded HandBrake between 14:30 UTC 2 May 2017 and 11:00 UTC 6 May 2017, you may have been infected. The HandBrake forum post provides more details on how to see if your Mac is infected and how to remove the infected files if so. If HandBrake’s developers had digitally signed the app with an Apple developer certificate, this particular attack couldn’t have happened. Apple has also updated XProtect to protect against future downloads of files infected with Trojan OSX.Proton.B. Read/post comments Apple Launches Repair Program for the iPad Pro’s Smart Keyboard -- Apple has created an extended repair program for the iPad Pro Smart Keyboards due to “functional issues” that include sticking and repeating keys, sensor issues, problems with the magnetic connector, connection issues, and unresponsive keys. The program covers Smart Keyboards for both the 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch iPad Pro models and extends the warranty by an additional two years, for a total of three years. If you paid for a replacement for a Smart Keyboard that’s eligible for the new program, Apple will give you a refund — contact an Apple Store or Apple Authorized Service Provider if Apple doesn’t get in touch with you first. Read/post comments   PDFpen and PDFpenPro 9 add 100+ enhancements to improve your PDF editing experience, with annotations, Tables of Contents, and more export options. For PDF reviewing, editing, signing, redacting and exporting, PDFpen has you covered. <http://smle.us/pdfpen9-tb>    Search   Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Staff TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Best Buy Discounts Apple Watch Series 2 by $70, Drops iPad Pro Price by $100 Monday May 8, 2017 2:00 PM PDT by Juli Clover In celebration of Mother's Day, which takes place on Sunday, May 14, Best Buy is having a major sale and dropping the price on the iPhone 7, Apple Watch Series 2, 9.7-inch iPad Pro, MacBook Pro, and more. Note: MacRumors is an affiliate partner with Best Buy and may earn commissions on purchases made through these links. All of Best Buy's Apple Watch Series 2 models are available at a $70 discount, dropping the price on the entry-level 38mm models to $299 and 42mm models to $329. All 9.7-inch iPad Pro models are also available at a discount, with Best Buy dropping the price by $100. For the entry-level 32GB 9.7-inch iPad Pro, that lowers the price to $499.99. When purchasing and activating an iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus on a monthly installment plan through Sprint, AT&T, and Verizon, customers can save up to $300. Apple's latest MacBook Pro models (the 13-inch version without a Touch Bar) are available from Best Buy for $100 off, dropping the price from $1,499 to $1,399. Both Silver and Space Gray models are discounted. Best Buy is also discounting the MacBook Air by $200, dropping the price on the entry-level 13-inch model with 8GB RAM and 128GB storage from $999.99 to $799.99. Best Buy's discounted prices will be available through the end of the week, with the deals set to end on May 13. Related Roundup: Apple Deals 17 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) Razeus 10 hours ago at 02:17 pm iPad Pro still overpriced. Rating: 10 Votes nt5672 10 hours ago at 02:33 pm take my money.... wait.... this is 1 year old tech! its ok, when the new models come out, they will be 1 year old tech also. Rating: 8 Votes srsub3 10 hours ago at 02:28 pm take my money.... wait.... this is 1 year old tech! Rating: 5 Votes Relentless Power 10 hours ago at 02:24 pm $100.00 off the 9.7 Pro is rather tempting though. That's what the price should have started at in my opinion when it launched in March 2016. Rating: 3 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Apple's annual developer conference moves to San Jose. iPad Pro Mid–Late 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 iMac Late 2017? Front Page Stories Amazon to Unveil New Echo Speaker With Touchscreen as Soon as Tomorrow 8 hours ago on Front Page Amazon is planning to update its Amazon Echo line with a new speaker that includes a screen and video calling capabilities, reports The Wall Street Journal. The upcoming speaker will feature a... 83 comments T-Mobile to Stop Offering 200MB of Free Data for New iPad Owners 12 hours ago on Front Page When T-Mobile first began offering cellular iPads in the fall of 2013, the company included a plan that provided customers with 200MB of free LTE data each month for the life of the tablet, a... 75 comments Workflow for iOS Regains Chrome and Pocket Actions, Support for Up Next 14 hours ago on Front Page Apple-owned Workflow was updated to version 1.7.4 today, re-introducing features that were removed when Apple acquired the app and adding new Apple Music actions. For those unfamiliar with... 24 comments Mother's Day Activity Challenge Will Require Apple Watch Owners to Finish 1-Mile Workout 15 hours ago on Front Page Mother's Day takes place in the United States this Sunday, May 14, and Apple is gearing up to launch an all-new challenge in the Activity app for Apple Watch owners in order to celebrate the... 62 comments Apple Reaches $800 Billion Valuation On Path to Becoming World's First Trillion Dollar Company 16 hours ago on Front Page Apple's stock is currently trading above the $153 mark for the first time ever, after factoring in a 7-for-1 split in 2014, giving the company a record-high market cap of roughly $800... 132 comments Apple's Carnegie Library Store in Washington, DC to Respect Historic Context With Subtle Branding, Community Focus 17 hours ago on Front Page Following a few reports from last year that centered upon Apple's intent to restore the historic Carnegie Library in Washington D.C. and outfit it as a prime destination for Apple retail, the... 66 comments Apple Offering Free Smart Keyboard Repairs Under New 3-Year Policy 18 hours ago on Front Page Apple has initiated a new three-year service policy for the Smart Keyboard for both the 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch iPad Pro, MacRumors has learned. Apple has determined that some Smart Keyboards... 57 comments 'iPhone 8' Production on Schedule for September Launch, October Sales 21 hours ago on Front Page Apple will begin selling its new range of iPhones in October this year following a September unveiling, according to a report out on Monday. Previous rumors have claimed that Apple will struggle to... 102 comments • Apple Maps Vehicles Begin Surveying Connecticut, Imagery Could Aid Apple's Autonomous Driving Efforts (75) • iPhone 8 Said to Have Enhanced Earpiece With Further Improvements to Stereo Sound and Waterproofing (83) • Rumors Persist About Apple Placing Touch ID on Back of iPhone 8 (281) • Apple VP Phil Schiller Implies Voice-Activated Smart Speakers Could Benefit From a Screen (159) • Windows 'Snake' Malware Ported to Mac, Imitates Adobe Flash Player Installer (134) • Tim Cook Says 'Strong Demand' For 2016 MacBook Pro Helped Set New Mac Sales Record Last Quarter (330) • Apple's Stock Has Already Bounced Back After Earnings Results Slightly Missed Expectations (64)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Monday Make-Up! - The TouchArcade Show #305 Check Out Some Early Footage of the Paladin Class Coming to 'Wayward Souls' Check Out the Game Design Deep Dive for Physics Puzzler 'ZipZap', Currently Apple's Free App of the Week 'FIFA Mobile' To Do 'Team of the Season' DIfferently From Other Versions of the Game This Week's 100th 'Hearthstone' Tavern Brawl Might Be Quite a Crazy One Cyberpunk Endless Runner 'Retroshifter' Needs Beta Testers YouTube Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? The Latest iPhone 8 Leaks: Vertical Camera, Stainless Steel, Touch ID Is This the iPhone 8? Hands-On with Apple's New Clips App! A New Mac Pro is Coming! Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 09, 2:36 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Spotify CEO, Others Say Companies Like Google, Apple 'Abuse' Size In European Smartphone Market By Eric Chiu @eric_chiu On 05/08/17 AT 5:46 PM Close Google and Apple are among the biggest players in the smartphone market. But in a letter to the European Union, chief executives from European companies including Spotify, Deezer and Rocket Internet said the mobile giants are abusing their size within the market, Business Insider reported.  While Google and Apple aren’t called out by name, the letter writers specifically highlighted mobile operating ecosystems, app stores and search engines they claim exhibited anti-competitive behaviors. As IDC noted, Apple iOS and Google Android maintain more than 90 percent of the global smartphone marketshare. Read: SoundCloud Vs Spotify Vs Pandora: Which Music Service Has That Better Pricing, Plan The group also blasted companies with “online platforms” that allow them to become de facto gatekeepers, which encourages practices like biased search rankings and preferences for their own services or products. As the writers note in the full letter: "When working well, major online platforms – be they mobile operating systems, app stores, search engines, marketplaces or social media platforms – are gateways to the digital economy: They enable consumers to access innovative services, they spur innovation and help small businesses and start-ups reach new markets, and they drive investment, growth and employment. "Notwithstanding, the very nature of online platforms – be it their sheer and growing scale and reach, the concentration of market power in a limited number of platforms, the tendency toward 'winner takes all' market dynamics and their already substantial and increasing impact on European citizens’ lives and across all aspects of the economy – requires careful consideration and response from policymakers." The letter comes ahead of the European Commission’s upcoming May 10 review of the Digital Single Market, an EU initiative that focuses on consistent digital regulation and policy among EU members. The CEO group said it hopes the commission will “to pursue a pro-growth, pro-consumer, balanced but targeted, legislative framework for online platform business-to-business (B2B) practices.” The commission is also expected to introduce new policies aimed at adjusting how Apple and Google can work with companies that rely on their app stores, Business Insider reported. Read: Spotify Job Listings Hint At Possible Hardware Like Wearables In the past, Spotify has tussled with Apple over its App Store policies. Apple traditionally takes a 30 percent cut of in-app transactions — including subscription charges — and Spotify has argued the percentage is onerous to its bottom line. Recode reported Spotify also sent a letter to Apple last June arguing Apple’s rejection of a Spotify app update was “causing grave harm to Spotify and its customers” and alleged the company was favoring its own Apple Music service over competitors like Spotify. Related Stories Indie Albums On Spotify Can Now Be Premium Exclusives For Limited Time Amazon Video Coming To Apple TV Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Recommended Business Coach Shares Spike After Kate Spade Deal Is Announced The news came after months of speculation and talks that seemed to fall through. Technology ‘Street Fighter 5’ Update: Meet New DLC Character Ed Capcom has finally revealed the next DLC character “Street Fighter 5” players should watch out for. World Earth’s Rock History Shows Flat Planet Covered In Ocean Young Earth did not have the surface shape it has today. Scientists say it was probably pretty flat and almost completely covered in ocean. National Trump's Twitter Banner Changed To Deny US-Russia Links President Trump changed his twitter "header" to deny the alleged link between his campaign and Russia. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Login All Reviews Editorials News Phil Schiller Says Siri-like Voice Assistants Need Displays Apple Offers Free 3-Year Repair for iPad Smart Keyboard PSA: Video Converter Handbrake Was Compromised by Malware Tips There's a Bug in File Sharing Between Windows and iOS 10.3 - Here's a Workaround iOS: If You 3D Touch Call from Phone App, Fun Stuff Happens Podcasts TMO Background Mode Interview with Science Writer and Editor Jennifer Ouellette Siri Assistant Displays, Handbrake Malware - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-08 View All Results → Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details View All Reviews → John Oliver Makes It Easier to Comment on FCC Effort to Gut Net Neutrality A Fantasy Conversation: Bezos and Cook Chat About Amazon Echo Why Apple is Letting iPad Sales Drift Downward May the Force Be With You, Always, with These Apps for Star Wars Day Apple AirPods: Very Nice (Except for the Price) View All Editorials → Apple Offers Free 3-Year Repair for iPad Smart Keyboard Andrew Orr @orrandrew91 · +Andrew Orr 1 minute read May 8th, 2017 2:30 PM EDT | News Apple is offering a new three-year service policy for its Smart Keyboard iPad accessory. The company found that some keyboards were having functional issues during usage. Faulty Smart Connectors and sticky, repeating and non-responsive keys being some of the issues. Free Repair for Smart Keyboards If you’ve purchased a Smart Keyboard for your iPad and have experienced technical issues with it, you might quality for free repair. Apple will fix your keyboard for free if you get it serviced within three years of the purchase date. MacRumors reported that some Apple support employees may not be familiar with the brand new policy. If you’ve called to schedule an appointment and talk with someone who doesn’t know about the policy, see if you can escalate your request to a senior AppleCare advisor. To get your Smart Keyboard repaired, call your local Apple Store to schedule an appointment with the Genius Bar. You can also visit an Apple Authorized Service Provider or contact Apple Support on Twitter. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: AppleCare+, hardware, repair, Smart Keyboard You might also like… PSA: Video Converter Handbrake Was Compromised by Malware Why Apple is Letting iPad Sales Drift Downward Imagine What Mac Sales Would Do If Apple Did Something Crazy Like Update All the Macs macOS: Finding the Hidden Advanced Display Preferences PSA: Russian-Backed Flash Trojan Ported to macOS Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials John Oliver Makes It Easier to Comment on FCC Effort to Gut Net Neutrality Bryan Chaffin | May 8, 2017 Don't Count on AirPods in iPhone 8 Box Jeff Gamet | May 8, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $153.01 +4.05 (2.72%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Phil Schiller Says Siri-like Voice Assistants Need Displays Apple Offers Free 3-Year Repair for iPad Smart Keyboard PSA: Video Converter Handbrake Was Compromised by Malware Apple Music in the Running for Prince Documentary, Unaired Concert Video PSA: Russian-Backed Flash Trojan Ported to macOS Recent Tips See All » There's a Bug in File Sharing Between Windows and iOS 10.3 - Here's a Workaround iOS: If You 3D Touch Call from Phone App, Fun Stuff Happens iOS 10: Get Started with iCloud Keychain macOS: Finding the Hidden Advanced Display Preferences macOS: How To Use Apple Watch to Auto Unlock Your Mac Recent Editorials See All » John Oliver Makes It Easier to Comment on FCC Effort to Gut Net Neutrality Don't Count on AirPods in iPhone 8 Box Citi Analyst Thinks Apple Could Buy These 7 Companies A Fantasy Conversation: Bezos and Cook Chat About Amazon Echo Antivirus Firm Claims There's New Android Malware Every 10 Seconds 16623 Andrew Orr news 0 1494253803 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News Phil Schiller Says Siri-like Voice Assistants Need Displays Apple Offers Free 3-Year Repair for iPad Smart Keyboard PSA: Video Converter Handbrake Was Compromised by Malware Tips There's a Bug in File Sharing Between Windows and iOS 10.3 - Here's a Workaround iOS: If You 3D Touch Call from Phone App, Fun Stuff Happens Podcasts TMO Background Mode Interview with Science Writer and Editor Jennifer Ouellette Siri Assistant Displays, Handbrake Malware - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-08 View All Results → Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details View All Reviews → John Oliver Makes It Easier to Comment on FCC Effort to Gut Net Neutrality A Fantasy Conversation: Bezos and Cook Chat About Amazon Echo Why Apple is Letting iPad Sales Drift Downward May the Force Be With You, Always, with These Apps for Star Wars Day Apple AirPods: Very Nice (Except for the Price) View All Editorials → iOS: If You 3D Touch Call from Phone App, Fun Stuff Happens Jeff Butts @clefmeister · +Jeff Butts 1 minute read May 8th, 2017 2:36 PM EDT | Quick Tip Our iPhones have quite a few amazing features, and Apple probably doesn’t have the time to tell us about all of them. The 3D Touch feature is one of those things that’s so deeply engrained into iOS now that Apple doesn’t talk about it much. Sometimes a new action will appear seemingly out of nowhere. That’s just what happened this past weekend when a fellow Redditor pointed out that you can 3D Touch call from within the Phone app. Apple’s 3D Touch feature shows up in expected, yet unexpected, ways What Is This 3D Touch You Speak of? In case you missed it, 3D Touch is a feature of the iPhone 6S and newer that detects when you’re pressing harder than usual on something in iOS. For example, you can 3D Touch an app icon, and get a contextual menu of options the developer has added in. You can also 3D Touch links in Safari to Peek at the page that hyperlink will take you to. It’s all very cool and useful, but it’s not very well documented. Sometimes you just have to play around with it to accidentally find things that work. 3D Touch adds quick actions and more to your iPhone 3D Touch Call From the Phone App Type in a number in the Phone app and then 3D Touch the green Dial button. 3D Touch springs into action. When you 3D Touch call from the Phone app, you get new quick actions. You can call that number normally or place a FaceTime Video or Audio call to it. If the number doesn’t support FaceTime, you won’t be able to select the options even though they’re present. Furthermore, all you can do is place a phone call if the number isn’t in Contacts on your iPhone. If you 3D Touch Call someone, you can choose to FaceTime them instead Why Bother When We Have an Address Book? This is one of those features that’s quite nice, but I wonder how useful it really is. Do people still memorize phone numbers and dial them by hand, instead of selecting them from Contacts? I know that I don’t, but maybe some still do. I would love to read what your take is on this feature in the comments. Is it useful to you? Or is it just another little detail that Apple painstakingly includes when most iPhone owners won’t ever use it? Tip o’ the hat to Redditor georgeward800 for this hint. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: 3D Touch, iOS 10, iPhone, Phone You might also like… PSA: Video Converter Handbrake Was Compromised by Malware Why Apple is Letting iPad Sales Drift Downward Imagine What Mac Sales Would Do If Apple Did Something Crazy Like Update All the Macs macOS: Finding the Hidden Advanced Display Preferences PSA: Russian-Backed Flash Trojan Ported to macOS One Comment Add a comment Robert Varipapa May 8, 2017 Better yet, 3D Touch works with the Favorites and Contact List – very useful 🙂 May 8, 2017 at 7:52 EDT PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials John Oliver Makes It Easier to Comment on FCC Effort to Gut Net Neutrality Bryan Chaffin | May 8, 2017 Don't Count on AirPods in iPhone 8 Box Jeff Gamet | May 8, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $153.01 +4.05 (2.72%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Phil Schiller Says Siri-like Voice Assistants Need Displays Apple Offers Free 3-Year Repair for iPad Smart Keyboard PSA: Video Converter Handbrake Was Compromised by Malware Apple Music in the Running for Prince Documentary, Unaired Concert Video PSA: Russian-Backed Flash Trojan Ported to macOS Recent Tips See All » There's a Bug in File Sharing Between Windows and iOS 10.3 - Here's a Workaround iOS: If You 3D Touch Call from Phone App, Fun Stuff Happens iOS 10: Get Started with iCloud Keychain macOS: Finding the Hidden Advanced Display Preferences macOS: How To Use Apple Watch to Auto Unlock Your Mac Recent Editorials See All » John Oliver Makes It Easier to Comment on FCC Effort to Gut Net Neutrality Don't Count on AirPods in iPhone 8 Box Citi Analyst Thinks Apple Could Buy These 7 Companies A Fantasy Conversation: Bezos and Cook Chat About Amazon Echo Antivirus Firm Claims There's New Android Malware Every 10 Seconds 16627 Jeff Butts quick-tip 1 1494254192 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News Phil Schiller Says Siri-like Voice Assistants Need Displays Apple Offers Free 3-Year Repair for iPad Smart Keyboard PSA: Video Converter Handbrake Was Compromised by Malware Tips There's a Bug in File Sharing Between Windows and iOS 10.3 - Here's a Workaround iOS: If You 3D Touch Call from Phone App, Fun Stuff Happens Podcasts TMO Background Mode Interview with Science Writer and Editor Jennifer Ouellette Siri Assistant Displays, Handbrake Malware - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-08 View All Results → Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details View All Reviews → John Oliver Makes It Easier to Comment on FCC Effort to Gut Net Neutrality A Fantasy Conversation: Bezos and Cook Chat About Amazon Echo Why Apple is Letting iPad Sales Drift Downward May the Force Be With You, Always, with These Apps for Star Wars Day Apple AirPods: Very Nice (Except for the Price) View All Editorials → Phil Schiller Says Siri-like Voice Assistants Need Displays Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet 2 minute read May 8th, 2017 4:46 PM EDT | News If Apple really is making an Amazon Echo competitor, what does their Siri speaker appliance really need? According to Apple’s senior vice president of worldwide marketing Phil Schiller, it needs a screen. Apple thinks voice assistants, like Siri and Alexa, need displays Schiller was asked about Amazon Echo and Google Home—both are voice controlled speaker appliances—during a Gadgets 360 interview. He wouldn’t address either device directly, but did say voice-based assistants are far more versatile when they also have a display. “So there’s many moments where a voice assistant is really beneficial, but that doesn’t mean you’d never want a screen,” Schiller said. “So the idea of not having a screen, I don’t think suits many situations.” He pointed to Maps and directions as an example: Seeing where you’re going is just as useful as hearing directions on how to get there. That makes sense when you’re in a car or walking through town, but it doesn’t address the idea of an in-home voice assistant where asking for directions to a location isn’t as likely. Today’s in-home voice assistants stream music, turn on lights and other smart home devices, recite the weather and news, and perform internet searches. Those are all functions well suited to voice-only interaction. For Siri, however, voice replies also typically include some sort of on-screen information, too. It could be Apple plans to extend that to a counter top appliance with its rumored device. Insider reports say Apple is preparing to introduce its own Amazon Echo competitor possibly as soon as Worldwide Developer Conference next month. The device is said to look similar to the cylinder Mac Pro, but smaller, and include seven built-in speakers along with a subwoofer. Apple has made it clear it wants to be everywhere in our homes and lives, and a Siri-based voice controlled speaker fits well with that plan. The iPhone and Apple Watch go with us everywhere, Apple TV controls our living rooms, and a voice controlled appliance extends that reach to the rest of our homes. Still, that doesn’t necessarily mean we need a display to supplement the voice responses we get from these assistants. Part of what makes the Amazon Echo so useful is being able to interact with it from anywhere in a room regardless of where it’s sitting. @AFTVnews Here, let me help you with that. pic.twitter.com/9YokBj4pXQ — Evan Blass (@evleaks) May 5, 2017 That said, it looks like Amazon is ready to add a display to its Echo product line. The company is rumored to be adding an Echo model with a 7-inch touch screen display with a built-in camera for video calls. Based on leaked images, the new Echo looks like something imagined in 1985 as voice-activated computer from 2015. It’s practically a Star Trek: The Next Generation prop. Maybe we do need displays to go along with our voice-controlled assistants, and maybe Apple and Amazon are going to show us how badly we need them. Until that happens, consider me skeptical. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Alexa, Phil Schiller, SIri, voice assistant You might also like… PSA: Video Converter Handbrake Was Compromised by Malware Why Apple is Letting iPad Sales Drift Downward Imagine What Mac Sales Would Do If Apple Did Something Crazy Like Update All the Macs macOS: Finding the Hidden Advanced Display Preferences PSA: Russian-Backed Flash Trojan Ported to macOS Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials John Oliver Makes It Easier to Comment on FCC Effort to Gut Net Neutrality Bryan Chaffin | May 8, 2017 Don't Count on AirPods in iPhone 8 Box Jeff Gamet | May 8, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $153.01 +4.05 (2.72%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Phil Schiller Says Siri-like Voice Assistants Need Displays Apple Offers Free 3-Year Repair for iPad Smart Keyboard PSA: Video Converter Handbrake Was Compromised by Malware Apple Music in the Running for Prince Documentary, Unaired Concert Video PSA: Russian-Backed Flash Trojan Ported to macOS Recent Tips See All » There's a Bug in File Sharing Between Windows and iOS 10.3 - Here's a Workaround iOS: If You 3D Touch Call from Phone App, Fun Stuff Happens iOS 10: Get Started with iCloud Keychain macOS: Finding the Hidden Advanced Display Preferences macOS: How To Use Apple Watch to Auto Unlock Your Mac Recent Editorials See All » John Oliver Makes It Easier to Comment on FCC Effort to Gut Net Neutrality Don't Count on AirPods in iPhone 8 Box Citi Analyst Thinks Apple Could Buy These 7 Companies A Fantasy Conversation: Bezos and Cook Chat About Amazon Echo Antivirus Firm Claims There's New Android Malware Every 10 Seconds 16652 Jeff Gamet news 0 1494262001 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Finance Search Search WMPWThe World’s Most Powerful Women: May 9 marketsWall Street’s ‘Fear Index’ Has Hit a Two-Decade Low Fortune 500Anti-Pipeline Protestors Shut Down Chase Banks in Seattle JapanIMF Warns Asian Countries to Act Now Before Aging Populations ‘Tax’ Growth Tesla This Famous VC Thinks Tesla Could Be the Next Apple Jen Wieczner May 08, 2017 A year after announcing a big bet on Amazon, Silicon Valley investor Chamath Palihapitiya returned to the Sohn Investment Conference Monday with what he called a more controversial pick: Tesla. Palihapitiya, a venture capitalist turned hedge fund manager who is also a former Facebook executive, has built up some credibility since his first appearance last year at the conference, which benefits pediatric disease research: Amazon stock is up some 34% in the meantime. In typical VC fashion, Palihapitiya, founder and CEO of Social Capital, said he is looking for his next opportunity to get a 10x return in 10 years, akin to what Amazon (amzn) has delivered for shareholders. And he acknowledged that investors attending the hedge fund conference at Lincoln Center in New York, were likely to be skeptical that Tesla (tsla) could be that 10-bagger. "Half the people in this room probably think it's one of the best companies in the world, and the other half probably think it’s something close to either a fraud or bankrupt," Palihapitiya said. The crowd audibly murmured when he confirmed that "the company we're talking about today is Tesla." To say that Tesla's stock is a contentious issue for investors is an understatement. A sizable contingent of hedge fund managers are shorting Tesla, or betting that its share price will fall, including some who have also presented on stage at the Sohn Conference, including famed short-seller Jim Chanos of Kynikos Associates, who has called Tesla the "anti-Amazon." Even the electric car maker's CEO, Elon Musk, has weighed in on the debate more than once, trolling short-sellers on Twitter recently when Tesla stock rose. marketsWall Street’s ‘Fear Index’ Has Hit a Two-Decade Low Self-driving CarsAmericans Would Pay Almost $5,000 More for a Self-Driving Car TeslaElon Musk Says Robots Will Help Tesla Catch Up to Apple in Value TeslaTesla More Than Doubles Revenue, But Widens Losses Elon MuskHow Realistic Are Elon Musk’s Big Ideas? We Asked the Experts TeslaTesla Short Sellers Have Already Lost $3.7 Billion This Year ChinaTesla Started 2017 With a Sales Boom in China TeslaTesla Isn’t Going to Lead the Next Car Revolution The problem, Palihapitiya said, is that Tesla, with its pursuit of unprecedented technological advances from its Gigafactory to Musk's other side endeavors including his tunnel-digging "boring company" and Neuralink, defies understanding and traditional investment valuation methods. "We took the good, we took the bad, we took the ugly and we tried to model the business. What we found was insightful: That it's absolutely un-modelable," Palihapitiya said. Anyone who recommends going long or short Tesla, he added, "is completely making it up." Instead, he looked for a "historical analog," and made a discovery: "What we do know is that the early trajectory of Tesla is really close to the early trajectory of Apple," he said. Apple was once a marginal player in the personal computer market, an underdog next to IBM and others, and a company that many investors believed would never be a dominant force in any type of technology. But the Apple iPhone changed everything, Palihapitiya explained, allowing Steve Jobs's company to quickly lay claim to the lion's share of the fragmented cellphone market, expand into other products such as the iPad, and generate massive profits as their competitors were forced to discount their own products. "What Apple did was create a tailwind of demand," Palihapitiya said. "Now let's ask ourselves, is Tesla running the same playbook?" Tesla's electric cars and other new-of-their-kind inventions may very well do what the iPhone did for Apple, he said. "The point is, there’s a lot of other things that are in the offing here that we don’t even know about," he said. Already, Tesla is developing "what I think is probably the single most impressive advancement in software and sensors: autopilot," he said—an option for Tesla cars that is so profitable it has "a 100% gross margin." Related TeslaMusk Releases First Image of Electric Tesla Semi, Confirms Four New Gigafactories Tesla Musk Releases First Image of Electric Tesla Semi, Confirms Four New Gigafactories The bear case, of course, is that Elon Musk won't be able to bring his many futuristic ideas to fruition, or that the execution will be so expensive that Tesla will run out of money first. "If there’s one thing we can agree on, whether we agree with the strategy or not," Palihapitiya admitted, "[it's] that this is an incredibly capital-intensive endeavor." Those caveats make Tesla stock particularly volatile and risky, so Palihapitiya isn't investing in it the usual way. "It's very difficult, from our perspective, to be naked long or naked short the stock," he said. What he's buying instead: Tesla convertible bonds for the year 2022. Convertible bonds are securities that pay interest, but give the bondholders the right to convert them to equity shares; they're basically a way to bet on the growth potential of a company without taking the risk of buying common shares. Investing in the bonds means that as long as Tesla is worth about a quarter of its current value, "We’re guaranteed not to lose money," Palihapitiya explained. If nothing else, Tesla's underlying assets are likely to be worth at least $15 billion, the floor at which Palihapitiya would just break even. "Even if the equity goes entirely to zero we’re protected," he said. Still, Palihapitiya thinks it's likely that he'll do much, much better than that. Tesla, he expects, will eventually represent 5% of the world automobile market. If Porsche or BMW are any guide, he explained, that means in 10 years Tesla could be worth more than seven times its current value, or about $336 billion. The Tesla convertible bonds allow him to capitalize on the stock opportunity too. "On the off-chance that this guy pulls it off, we get 95-plus percent of the upside," he said. (Palihapitiya's presentation did not move Tesla's stock price, which ended the day slightly down.) Essentially, he sees Elon Musk as a lottery ticket: "While we’re trying to figure out how to get an Uber to Lincoln Center, he's trying to figure out how to get a rocket to space," Palihapitiya said. It's worth investing in Tesla, he concluded, "to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with a man we think is our generation’s Thomas Edison." Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Tech Search Search WMPWThe World’s Most Powerful Women: May 9 marketsWall Street’s ‘Fear Index’ Has Hit a Two-Decade Low Fortune 500Anti-Pipeline Protestors Shut Down Chase Banks in Seattle JapanIMF Warns Asian Countries to Act Now Before Aging Populations ‘Tax’ Growth Apple CEO Tim Cook revealing the last iPhone Bloomberg via Getty Images Best Companies Apple Is the First Company Worth Over $800 Billion Jonathan Vanian May 08, 2017 Apple's market capitalization briefly crossed the $800 billion threshold for the first time on Monday, marking another major milestone for the world's most valuable company. Following a positive analyst report, Apple’s shares (aapl) rose over 3% in midday trading to a record high of $153.70. At one point, the company's market value rose above $800 billion before retreating below that barrier. Apple's shares closed up 2.7% for the day at $153.01, good for a market value of $797.8 billion. Investors were buoyed by a positive research note early in the day from analyst Brian White of investment firm Drexel Hamilton, in which he raised his price target for Apple shares from $185 to $202, implying a market value of over $1 trillion. White acknowledged the perception that Apple may need another big hit and that it’s “valuation has been depressed for years as investors grew concerned that Apple would fall victim to the missteps of consumer electronic companies of the past.” However, White remained optimistic, arguing that Apple “has proven its resilience through its unique ability to develop hardware, software and services that work seamlessly together.” The analyst's comments come after Apple recently reported mixed quarterly earnings in which it said it sold fewer iPhones than expected. The company’s flagship smartphone accounts for the bulk of its overall sales, and analysts have questioned whether the company can create another blockbuster consumer product that rivals the iPhone. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter. Apple CEO Tim Cook blamed the iPhone’s declining sales on leaked reports and rumors of future iPhone models, suggesting that consumers were not upgrading their phones to the latest model in anticipation that future models would be superior. For more about technology and finance, watch: As it has for some time, Apple's market value far exceeds that of its closest rivals. Alphabet, the parent company of Google (goog), is the second most valuable company with a market cap of $653 billion as of Monday followed by Microsoft at $532 billion. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Image Source: Shutterstock The fascinating reason why iPhone sales are slumping in China Yoni Heisler @edibleapple May 8th, 2017 at 4:48 PM Share Tweet Per usual, Apple’s earnings report last week gave us a whole lot of information to digest. In a broad sense, Apple’s performance during its 2017 March quarter was extremely solid, though not quite impressive. While quarterly revenue increased marginally, iPhone sales for the quarter saw a 1% decline year over year, something Tim Cook attributed to the proliferation of iPhone 8 rumors. Delving deeper into Apple’s earnings report, there was one particular data point that stood out — plummeting revenue in China. Interestingly enough, Apple managed to increase its revenue in each of its geographic operating regions, save for China. So while revenue in the Americas, for example, increased by 11% year over year, revenue from Greater China fell by 14%. Looking at the data from an even wider lens, revenue from China during the March quarter fell by 33% from 2015 through 2017; and though this revenue tally encompasses the entirety of Apple’s product line, it stands to reason that a significant drop in iPhone sales is why Apple’s performance in China last quarter lagged behind every other region in the world. Don't Miss: Report claims iPhone 8 will not feature a truly edge-to-edge display Bolstering this theory, Apple during its recent earnings conference call noted that the company saw “strong double-digit revenue growth from both Mac and Services” in China while adding that revenue from its retail stores in mainland China climbed 27% year over year. Mac revenue in particular increased by an impressive 20%. Nonetheless, one can only assume that slumping iPhone sales are outweighing Apple’s gains in other product areas. On a device level, Tim Cook noted that the iPhone 7 Plus did well in China but that previous generation iPhones “didn’t perform as well.” Seeking to help contextualize and make sense of the drop in iPhone sales, Ben Thompson over at Stratechery has a fascinating and informative post detailing why the iPhone/Android divide isn’t as relevant in China as it is elsewhere in the world. Whereas smartphone users in the United States, for example, tend to be beholden to either iOS or Android, smartphone users in China are more likely to be platform agnostic. Instead, they are reportedly beholden to an app called WeChat that’s available on both mobile platforms. The fundamental issue is this: unlike the rest of the world, in China the most important layer of the smartphone stack is not the phone’s operating system. Rather, it is WeChat. Connie Chan of Andreessen Horowitz tried to explain in 2015 just how integrated WeChat is into the daily lives of nearly 900 million Chinese, and that integration has only grown since then: every aspect of a typical Chinese person’s life, not just online but also off is conducted through a single app (and, to the extent other apps are used, they are often games promoted through WeChat). There is nothing in any other country that is comparable: not LINE, not WhatsApp, not Facebook. All of those are about communication or wasting time: WeChat is that, but it is also for reading news, for hailing taxis, for paying for lunch (try and pay with cash for lunch, and you’ll look like a luddite), for accessing government resources, for business. For all intents and purposes WeChat is your phone, and to a far greater extent in China than anywhere else, your phone is everything. That being the case, Thompson explains that there are few adverse ramifications that result from switching between iPhone and Android, and vice versa. So whereas iPhone users tend to stick with the iPhone due to iOS lock-in, the lock-in in China seems to center exclusively on WeChat. None of that lock-in exists in China: Apple may be a de facto monopolist for most of the world, but in China the company is simply another smartphone vendor, and being simply another smartphone vendor is a hazardous place to be. Looking ahead, Apple may be able to reverse course with the iPhone 8. As mentioned above, the iPhone 7 Plus did extraordinary well in China given its position as a premium device. That being the case, it stands to reason that the iPhone 8, which will likely represent the greatest leap forward in iPhone technology we’ve seen to date, will become the most sought after iPhone model to ever hit China. As a final point, it’s worth mentioning that Apple is far from the only smartphone vendor to experience a huge drop-off in sales in China last quarter, with Samsung shipments in China reportedly dropping by a whopping 60% year over year as more localized smartphone brands gained in popularity. Tags: Apple, iPhone View Comments Trending 1 Entertainment Niantic just made a major change to stop Pokemon Go cheaters 2 Tech Leak reveals a new version of the Galaxy S8 that’s about to launch 3 Tech T-Mobile quietly killed one of its longest-running promos 4 Tech The OnePlus 5 launches this summer, and this might be our first blurry look at it 5 Tech iPhone 8 release will propel Apple to new heights Picked For You iPhone 8 release will propel Apple to new heights By Yoni Heisler May 8th at 9:00 PM Niantic just made a major change to stop Pokemon Go cheaters By Jacob Siegal May 8th at 7:41 PM T-Mobile quietly killed one of its longest-running promos By Chris Mills May 8th at 7:18 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Carscoops Your daily scoop in automotive news About Contact RSS Mobile Social Media HOME NEW CARS SPIED CONCEPTS FUTURE CARS VIDEO GAMES OFFBEAT BRANDS TUNING REVIEWS Visual Comparisons Carscoops.com Apple Could Takeover Tesla With Huge Cash Reserves, Says Citi | By Brad Anderson | ShareRedditPinTweetPlus Citigroup has cited Tesla and a number of other large companies as potential takeover targets for Apple. The technology giant currently has more than $250 billion in cash waiting to be put to work and in a note to clients, Citigroup analyst Jim Suva said Tesla, Netflix or Walt Disney are all possible targets for Apple, Reuters reports. As is stands, over 90 per cent of Apple’s money is overseas but under new proposals from President Trump, mutlinationals could bring overseas profit into the U.S. at a 10 per cent tax rate compared to the current 35 per cent rate. Apple could therefore bring about $220 billion to the U.S. and use it in a huge takeover. “Since one of the new administration's top priorities is to allow US companies to repatriate overseas cash at a lower tax rate, Apple may have a more acute need to put this cash to use," Suva said. While Apple could easily takeover Tesla with its $51 billion market cap, it’s unlikely to happen. A few years ago, there was similar talk of an Apple takeover but it failed to eventuate. Considering that Tesla chief executive Elon Musk believes his company can exceed Apple's $750 billion valuation within a decade, it is hard to believe he will relinquish control of the electric automaker. PHOTO GALLERY CategoriesAppleElectric VehiclesElon MuskReportsTesla Recommended ❬❬ Prev Next ❭❭ Home Top 3 2017's Best Selling Cars And Trucks In The U.S. Honda S2000 Edition 100 Revs Down Memory lane 5 Discontinued Halo Supercars That Deserve Successors Trending Now Shaq Thanks Ford For Making Big Trucks For Big Guys, Buys F-650 It's not easy finding a car that suits you best when you're 7ft 1in tall, or 2.16m in the metric system, and weigh 344lbs (156kg) l... https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-nf5ErFuyhds/WQxLQMOlZpI/AAAAAAAA8cA/EjQtIAlpqEclE9sI8AkKo2bUBrxVZxlUwCLcB/s72-c/shaq-ford-f650-0.jpg A Brand New Dodge Challenger Hellcat Was Trashed After Only 18 Miles A wrecked Dodge Challenger Hellcat in B5 Blue with only 18 miles (less than 30km) on the odo has popped up for sale. https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-tjuR6jQb3Xs/WQtCf9x2eBI/AAAAAAABBmo/krR6lFUzPdwYzu50Jsdo9yc4_s4yRPmqQCLcB/s72-c/hellcat-totaled-low-mileage-16.jpg Watch A Brand New Subaru WRX STI Getting Totaled By Its Owner Terminal understeer claimed yet another victim in the face of this sparkling red Subaru WRX STI . https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-WOxuPHZJ4eo/WQoSTFTOdQI/AAAAAAAA0HU/zCDNKffB4wY0KByGH6MLtkVx0zBUbEi8gCLcB/s72-c/STI-Crash.gif Mercedes Vs BMW Vs Audi In-Car Tech Battle Has Clear Winner If you love gadgets, then you're probably the type of person who spends time researching the technologies inside modern day Mercedes-Be... https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-H0rOP-xvF-k/WQtV0xKDMLI/AAAAAAABBoI/p8E9gpxswsQiHEJ6eELUhlFZ_wWcFzpKQCLcB/s72-c/carwow-merc-bmw-audi-tech.jpg Teens Steal Three SRT Hellcats And Crash Almost Immediately Three teenagers from the Kansas City area have been left red-faced after crashing three vehicles almost immediately after stealing them, in... https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-SwOAB3RqpVA/WCAOibSuB5I/AAAAAAAAZ30/DFr4q03N4QchRLZLqxJzHmOPhlpM4fhSwCLcB/s72-c/SRT-crash.jpg These 5 Discontinued Halo Supercars Deserve Successors The majority of supercars may come from dedicated manufacturers: marques like Lamborghini and McLaren that make nothing but supercars. So... https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-4O-n0Qpe9T8/WQdReR1QaAI/AAAAAAAAbfY/QWVscm25Aw0T8QHsFnKqjiHG1-lDtyMfQCLcB/s72-c/discontinued-supercas.jpg About Us | Contact | Work | Privacy Policy © 2004-2017 Carscoop & Carscoops. All Rights Reserved
Latest News Dow 21,012 +5.34 +0.03% Nasdaq 6,103 +1.90 +0.03% S&P 500 2,399 +0.09 +0.00% 3:07 A.M. ET Micro Focus shares drop 7% after trading update 3:06 A.M. ET Commerzbank rises 1.4% after first-quarter earnings report 3:05 A.M. ET Updated Veteran investors on trading in the time of Trump — how to cut through the uncertainty 3:05 A.M. ET Updated Eastspring’s Andrew Cormie on investing in the time of Trump: ‘Have the courage to step into the market’ 3:04 A.M. ET Updated Eaton Vance veteran Lew Piantedosi on investing in the time of Trump: ‘Without risk, there’s no reward’ 3:04 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.3% higher at 12,734.01 3:03 A.M. ET Updated PineBridge veteran Michael Kelly on investing in a time of Trump: ‘Don’t fixate on some magical rule’ 3:03 A.M. ET Pandora shares rise 4% after quarterly results 3:03 A.M. ET Updated Private-equity titan Guy Hands on investing in a time of Trump: ‘The most difficult environment I have ever seen’ 3:02 A.M. ET Updated Jack Bogle on how to invest in a time of Trump: ‘Be realistic’ 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.4% higher at 5,403.61 3:01 A.M. ET Updated Goldman enamored with stocks in these tech juggernauts 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,306.47 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 394.85 2:59 A.M. ET Zalando profit jumps on a 23% rise in revenue 2:58 A.M. ET German industrial output slips, but beats views 2:57 A.M. ET Hiscox to set up new European unit due to Brexit 2:56 A.M. ET Micro Focus disappointed by HPE's falling revenue 2:55 A.M. ET Updated Why ‘this is the end of the European rally’ in stocks, says Saxo Bank 2:13 A.M. ET William Hill on track to meet expectations Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Internet/Online Services This could stop Amazon’s stock rally in its tracks By Tomi Kilgore Published: May 7, 2017 11:29 a.m. ET Share Amazon needs to enact a large stock split and start paying a dividend to get the Dow keepers’ attention Getty Images Are Amazon, and founder Jeff Bezos, worthy of “blue-chip” status? By TomiKilgore Reporter and editor There is one thing that Amazon.com Inc.’s investors might cheer, but could end up stopping the stock’s climb to record highs in its tracks: entering the venerable Dow Jones Industrial Average. The Dow’s recent underperformance, and the pending acquisition of component DuPont & Co., has some on Wall Street wondering if the 121-year-old “blue chip” barometer needs some extra juice. The Dow DJIA, +0.03%  has gained 5.1% year to date, while the S&P 500 index SPX, +0.00%  has advanced 6.0% and the Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +0.03%  has run up 11%. Becoming one of the select 30 Dow companies might seem like validation for the e-commerce and technology giant and its investors. Amazon AMZN, +1.59% which has been public for nearly 20 years, has forced a number of industries, including retail, the cloud, logistics and media, to evolve or face extinction. Read more about how Amazon will become the first trillion-dollar company Nasdaq record high. To match it, S&P needs about 45 points. Dow, about 600 points.— Carl Quintanilla (@carlquintanilla) April 21, 2017 Quick, put Amazon in the Dow! https://t.co/etWMGh33Lb— Downtown Josh Brown (@ReformedBroker) April 21, 2017 But Amazon disciples should be careful what they wish for. Call it the Dow jinx, but recent entrants have underperformed the stocks they replaced by wide margins, often for relatively long periods. Don’t miss: Apple’s year in the Dow has been rotten for investors. Investors don’t need to worry, however, because they will have plenty of warning before Amazon gains entrance. There are two big reasons the Dow’s keepers have likely shunned the fourth-largest U.S. company by market capitalization. The stock price is too damn high While there are no hard and fast rules for the Dow’s membership committee to follow, the stock price matters. And Amazon’s is way too high, without a large-multiple stock split. “We prefer that the ratio of highest to lowest price be less than 10-to-1,” said David Blitzer, chairman of the index committee at S&P Dow Jones Indices, a unit of S&P Global Inc., in an interview with MarketWatch. Amazon’s stock rallied 1% Monday to $907.41, more than 30 times the price of the current lowest priced stock in the Dow, which is General Electric Co.’s GE, -0.51%  at $29.55. FactSet Amazon would have to enact at least a 4-for-1 stock split just to meet the Dow keepers’ minimum requirement, and a 7-for-1 split to price its stock roughly in the middle of the range of component stock prices. Amazon last split its stock, 2-for-1, in September 1999, going from nearly $120 to about $60. The Dow is very different from other widely followed broad market indexes, because it is price weighted while the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq are market-capitalization weighted. That means the higher the share price, the more influence it has on the Dow’s price. For example, Apple Inc.’s AAPL, +2.72%  market cap of $753.5 billion is more than eight-times greater than Goldman Sachs Group Inc.’s GS, -0.81%  market cap of $88.8 billion. However, a 1% rise in Goldman’s stock, which closed Monday at $223.22, would add about 15 points to the Dow, while a 1% rise in Apple shares, which closed at $143.62, would add about 10 points. Amazon had 486 million diluted shares outstanding as of Dec. 31, according to the company’s annual report, but was authorized to have as many as 5 billion shares outstanding. That means Amazon could split its stock by a factor of up to 10 times without seeking shareholder approval to increase the number of shares outstanding. No dividend, no dice The membership committee doesn’t require a dividend, but companies that don’t pay them don’t get invited. Every current Dow component pays a dividend, with the implied dividend yield ranging from a low of 0.72% for Nike Inc. NKE, +0.65%  to a high of 4.91% for Verizon Communications Inc. VZ, -0.13%   “In my memory, it’s not an issue that has come up,” Blitzer told MarketWatch. “We haven’t seriously looked at a candidate that did not pay a dividend.” In other words, Amazon hasn’t yet been a serious candidate for Dow inclusion, since the company stated in its most recent 10-K filing with Securities and Exchange Commission that it has “never declared or paid cash dividends” on its common stock. To match the lowest yield at current prices, Amazon would have to start issuing a quarterly dividend of about $1.63 a share, or about $6.53 on an annual basis, at an estimated cost of about $3.2 billion a year. The company said in its 10-K, however, that it continually evaluates opportunities to pay dividends. Stock repurchases are a little different. Despite having a $5 billion stock buyback program in place, Amazon didn’t repurchase any shares in 2016, 2015 or 2014, filings show. But that’s OK, because three current Dow components--Caterpillar Inc. CAT, -0.27% Chevron Corp. CVX, +0.84%  and Verizon--didn’t repurchase any shares in 2016. If Amazon is in, who’s out? For Amazon to get into the Dow, some company has to come out. An easy choice to be booted is DuPont DD, -1.08% which is expected to complete the acquisition by Dow Chemical Co. DOW, -1.14%  sometime in August 2017. That is plenty of time for Amazon to make some big changes, which it will undoubtedly describe as shareholder friendly. Of course, the Dow keepers could decide to add another raw materials company to maintain sector representation, although the only sector rules in place are that transportation companies and utilities are excluded, since those sectors are represented by the Dow Jones Transportation Average DJT, -1.06%  and the Dow Jones Utility Average. DJU, -0.11%   “Sectors are considered, but I cannot say what weight they have,” Blitzer said. The Dow already has Apple, Microsoft Corp. MSFT, -0.09% Intel Corp. INTC, -0.76% Cisco Systems Inc. CSCO, -0.29% and International Business Machines Corp. IBM, -0.34% but the technology weighting is still well below that of its chief large-cap rival. The SPDR Dow Jones Industrial Average exchange-traded fund DIA, +0.07%  had a technology weighting of 14.60% as of April 21, according to Morningstar, while the SPDR S&P 500 ETF SPY, -0.02%  had a 19.86% tech weighting. If the Dow keepers decide a tech member must leave to admit Amazon, Cisco’s market-cap of $166.7 billion and IBM’s of $151.6 billion are currently the lowest of the five. Don’t dis the Dow Despite the status gained by entering the Dow, recent history suggests investors may have to wait a while before it pays off. FactSet Apple’s stock had soared 40% and AT&T shares had inched up 0.7% in the year before Apple took AT&T’s Inc.’s T, +0.03%  place in the Dow on March 19, 2015. In the year that followed, Apple shares tumbled 17% while AT&T’s soared 17%. Read more about the AT&T-for-Apple swap. Eventually, the Dow curse faded, and Apple attracted the attention of the most famous value investor. Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc. BRK.B, -0.92%  had shied away from buying Apple shares before they entered Wall Street’s most-staid fraternity. He didn’t start buying Apple’s stock until the first quarter of 2016, or about one year after it entered the Dow. Since then, Buffett has boosted his stake in each quarter, to reach 57.4 million shares as of Dec. 31. Apple had reached a record close about a month before it entered the Dow, but didn’t set another record until nearly two years after it gained admittance. The following table shows how the newcomers performed relative to their replacements: Stock added (ticker) 1-year move (%) after change Stock removed (ticker) 1-year move (%) after change Apple (AAPL) -16.9 AT&T (T) -17.2 Goldman Sachs (GS) +9.2 Bank of America (BAC) +17.9 Visa (V) +7.6 Hewlett-Packard (HPQ) +72.0 Nike (NKE) +16.3 Alcoa (AA) +91.0 S&P Dow Jones Indices, FactSet Before investors criticize the Dow keepers, for turning new age growth companies into old-school blue chips, just look how they’ve performed relative to the broader stock market. Since Nov. 1, 1999, when the first Nasdaq-listed technology companies were admitted, the correlation coefficient between the Dow and the S&P 500 has been 0.9797 through Friday, according to an analysis of FactSet data, or just shy of a perfect match. The Dow has climbed 95.0% since then, while the S&P 500 has advanced 75.3%. FactSet Don’t miss: Dow hitting 20,000 is a reminder that it’s the best active fund ever fashioned. Amazon is scheduled to report first-quarter results on Thursday, after the market closes. If by chance, Amazon says it will split its stock and start paying a dividend, and it eventually enters the Dow, investors may want to step aside for a while. But check back a year later, and see if Buffett has finally become a believer. More from MarketWatch Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras Apple Earnings: Services Revenue Tops Starbucks and McDonald's Do these 4 things with your finances in your 30s Quote References DJIA +5.34 +0.03% SPX +0.09 +0.00% COMP +1.90 +0.03% AMZN +14.89 +1.59% GE -0.15 -0.51% AAPL +4.05 +2.72% GS -1.84 -0.81% NKE +0.35 +0.65% VZ -0.06 -0.13% CAT -0.27 -0.27% CVX +0.89 +0.84% DD -0.88 -1.08% DOW -0.72 -1.14% DJT -97.16 -1.06% DJU -0.80 -0.11% MSFT -0.06 -0.09% INTC -0.28 -0.76% CSCO -0.10 -0.29% IBM -0.52 -0.34% DIA +0.15 +0.07% SPY -0.04 -0.02% T +0.01 +0.03% BRK.B -1.53 -0.92% Show all references Most Popular This is why American tourists don’t want to travel to Cuba Apple’s stock surged to another record after Buffett nearly tripled his stake Gundlach makes bearish call on stock market as S&P 500, Nasdaq hit records U.S. may soon expand electronics ban to all European flights Why a T-Mobile Merger Could Happen Soon Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. MarketWatch Partner Center Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 21,012.28 +5.34 (+0.03%) Volume 276.1M Open 20,991 High 21,018 Low 20,971 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,399.38 +0.09 (+0.00%) Volume 1.8B Open 2,400 High 2,401 Low 2,394 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 6,102.66 +1.90 (+0.03%) Volume 0 Open 6,101 High 6,106 Low 6,083 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $949.04 +14.89 (+1.59%) Volume 3.3M Open $940.95 High $949.05 Low $939.21 P/E Ratio 178.58 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 446.5B General Electric Co. U.S.: NYSE: GE $29.07 -0.15 (-0.51%) Volume 20.4M Open $29.16 High $29.25 Low $29.00 P/E Ratio 27.09 Div Yield 3.3 Market Cap 254.5B Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $153.01 +4.05 (+2.72%) Volume 46.8M Open $149.03 High $153.70 Low $149.03 P/E Ratio 17.9 Div Yield 1.65 Market Cap 781.5B Goldman Sachs Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GS $225.03 -1.84 (-0.81%) Volume 2.3M Open $226.75 High $227.34 Low $224.60 P/E Ratio 11.95 Div Yield 1.33 Market Cap 89.3B Nike Inc. Cl B U.S.: NYSE: NKE $54.30 +0.35 (+0.65%) Volume 8.4M Open $54.18 High $54.51 Low $53.83 P/E Ratio 22.63 Div Yield 1.33 Market Cap 89.2B Verizon Communications Inc. U.S.: NYSE: VZ $46.63 -0.06 (-0.13%) Volume 15.4M Open $46.72 High $46.74 Low $46.29 P/E Ratio 15.54 Div Yield 4.95 Market Cap 190.5B Caterpillar Inc. U.S.: NYSE: CAT $99.37 -0.27 (-0.27%) Volume 4.2M Open $99.48 High $100.10 Low $98.94 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 3.1 Market Cap 58.7B Chevron Corp. U.S.: NYSE: CVX $106.68 +0.89 (+0.84%) Volume 4.5M Open $105.93 High $106.72 Low $105.82 P/E Ratio 69.73 Div Yield 4.05 Market Cap 200.4B E.I. DuPont de Nemours & Co. U.S.: NYSE: DD $80.26 -0.88 (-1.08%) Volume 2.6M Open $80.99 High $80.99 Low $79.95 P/E Ratio 29.34 Div Yield 1.89 Market Cap 70.4B Dow Chemical Co. U.S.: NYSE: DOW $62.37 -0.72 (-1.14%) Volume 4.4M Open $62.84 High $62.94 Low $62.18 P/E Ratio 16.85 Div Yield 2.95 Market Cap 77.1B Dow Jones Transportation Average DJ-Index: DJT 9,092.81 -97.16 (-1.06%) Volume 54.9M Open 9,187 High 9,196 Low 9,079 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Utility Average Index DJ-Index: DJU 702.22 -0.80 (-0.11%) Volume 41.3M Open 702.49 High 703.76 Low 698.79 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $68.94 -0.06 (-0.09%) Volume 17.1M Open $68.97 High $69.05 Low $68.42 P/E Ratio 30.5 Div Yield 2.26 Market Cap 532.7B Intel Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: INTC $36.54 -0.28 (-0.76%) Volume 17.2M Open $36.73 High $36.85 Low $36.48 P/E Ratio 15.89 Div Yield 2.98 Market Cap 173.4B Cisco Systems Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: CSCO $34.29 -0.10 (-0.29%) Volume 12.9M Open $34.46 High $34.60 Low $34.15 P/E Ratio 17.58 Div Yield 3.38 Market Cap 172.2B International Business Machines Corp. U.S.: NYSE: IBM $153.03 -0.52 (-0.34%) Volume 7.3M Open $152.80 High $153.47 Low $152.20 P/E Ratio 12.59 Div Yield 3.92 Market Cap 145.7B SPDR Dow Jones Industrial Average ETF Trust U.S.: NYSE Arca: DIA $209.92 +0.15 (+0.07%) Volume 2.3M Open $209.70 High $210.02 Low $209.53 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.04 Market Cap N/A SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust U.S.: NYSE Arca: SPY $239.66 -0.04 (-0.02%) Volume 44.1M Open $239.75 High $239.92 Low $239.17 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.72 Market Cap N/A AT&T Inc. U.S.: NYSE: T $38.57 +0.01 (+0.03%) Volume 19.6M Open $38.78 High $38.78 Low $38.32 P/E Ratio 18.91 Div Yield 5.08 Market Cap 236.8B Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Cl B U.S.: NYSE: BRK.B $165.02 -1.53 (-0.92%) Volume 4.8M Open $166.50 High $166.60 Low $164.10 P/E Ratio 16.9 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 411.0B
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts How to switch between Celsius and Fahrenheit on your Apple devices Christian Zibreg on May 8, 2017 1 Your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch and Mac provide a global setting for representing specific quantities of temperature in apps. You can switch between displaying the temperature in either Celsius or Fahrenheit. Apps that support this feature, including Apple’s stock Weather app, honor this setting to display the temperature in your preferred unit regardless of your regional settings. In this tutorial, you will learn how to easily switch between Celsius and Fahrenheit independently of your other regional settings on your iPhone, iPad or iPod touch, as well as adjust this setting on other Apple devices, such as your Apple TV, Apple Watch or Mac. How to switch between Celsius and Fahrenheit in iPhone or iPad Settings 1) On your iOS device, go to Settings → General → Language & Region. 2) Tap Temperature Unit at the bottom. 3) Select if you’d like to have quantities of temperature displayed in Celsius or Fahrenheit. The value can be changed independently of regional settings, like language, keyboard, date and time and more. This feature requires iOS 10.0 or later. How to switch between Celsius and Fahrenheit in iPhone Weather app You can also change your global temperature unit in Apple’s Weather app. 1) Launch the Weather app on your iOS device. 2) Tap the Menu icon in the upper-right corner, or pinch-zoom on the list of cities. 3) Tap °F or °C in the lower-left corner of the screen, below the list of cities. This lets you explicitly override your default temperature unit without visiting Settings. This is not limited to the Weather app—changing your preferred temperature unit from within the Weather app will automatically change your global toggle in Settings → General → Language & Region → Temperature Unit to reflect any changes made in the Weather app. Temperature unit in Siri and HomeKit This setting not only applies to all compatible apps that display temperature, but also to Apple’s stock Weather widget, temperature units displayed inside notifications, as well as any weather-related Siri results and Siri smart home control via HomeKit. Try asking Siri what the current temperature is after switching between Celsius and Fahrenheit. As mentioned, iOS honors your global temperature unit setting for smart home control (i.e. “Hey Siri, set the temperature in the Chicago house to 72 degrees”). Changing temperature unit on Apple Watch And if you happen to be a happy Apple Watch owner, your global temperature unit set in the Settings app on your iPhone will be carried over to the Weather app and other supported apps on your wearable device, including any complications that display the current temperature. Keep in mind that you cannot switch between Celsius and Fahrenheit directly on your Apple Watch or inside the companion Watch app on your paired iPhone. Changing temperature unit on Apple TV What about your Apple TV, you ask. On Apple TVs, Siri uses your language and region setting, as defined in Settings → General → Apple TV Language, to represent quantities of temperature in the unit that’s appropriate for your country of residence. By default, Fahrenheit is the default temperature unit in the US locale and Celsius is the measurement unit for temperature in the UK locale. Changing temperature unit on Mac And lastly, macOS. Like your iPhone and iPad, your Mac provides a dedicated toggle for switching between Celsius and Fahrenheit on a system-wide basis. To change your preferred temperature unit, venture into System Preferences and click the Language & Region icon. In the Language & Region preference pane, click the popup menu next to Temperature at the bottom, then choose either Celsius or Fahrenheit from the menu. Close out the System Preference window to save the changes and you’re good to go. This setting will effect the temperature unit used for your current city in the Weather widget inside Notification Center, Siri weather results, below the current date in Notification Center (the current temperature and daily high), in third-party Mac apps that have been updated with support for this global setting and elsewhere. Your global temperature unit setting does not synchronize between Apple devices through iCloud. As a result, you can adjust your preferred temperature unit on your Mac independently of your Apple TV, Apple Watch or iPhone/iPad, and vice versa. Temperature unit in other apps Again, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch and Mac apps must be specifically optimized before they can take full advantage of this useful global setting. In other words, changing your preferred temperature unit in iOS Settings or macOS System Preferences will have no bearing whatsoever on apps that do not implement iOS 10’s new UnitTemperature class. And that’s it, folks! Be sure to pass along this article to the friends and family you support. Don’t forget to leave a comment below if you like this tutorial. You can shoot us your ideas regarding future coverage to tips@iDownloadBlog.com. Tagged: Apple Guide How to iPad iPhone iPod Touch News Tips Tricks Tutorial Weather MORE FROM iDB Can’t rename your AirPods as “AirPods”? Here’s the fix. How to save posts on Instagram and organize them into collections How to share your real time location on Google Maps caidens no shit… pointless article Featured Latest Daily Deals: $300 iRobot vacuum, $397 Nikon D3400 camera, and more Jailbreak tweaks of the week: ColorGram, HUDPlayer, & more… Prizmo Go, Glass Tilt Shift, Honeydue, and other apps to check out this weekend Smart light bulbs you can control with your iPhone Let’s Talk Jailbreak 161: The sweet spot Daily Deals: $300 iRobot vacuum, $397 Nikon D3400 camera, and more Apple’s marketing chief says smart speakers should have built-in displays Apple’s Workflow app gains new Apple Music actions, brings back Chrome and Pocket integrations Microsoft and Harman Kardon unveil Invoke smart speaker with Cortana, coming this fall Apple has never been more valuable Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: ColorGram, HUDPlayer, & more… FolderAutoClose 10 automatically closes folders after launching apps from them Hide the date from the Today page with No Date Today This tweak forces Safari to load web pages in Reader or full screen mode How to use Extender Installer to automatically re-sign your jailbreak app Apps Apple’s Workflow app gains new Apple Music actions, brings back Chrome and Pocket integrations How to gift iTunes credit on iPhone and iPad FolderAutoClose 10 automatically closes folders after launching apps from them Prizmo Go, Glass Tilt Shift, Honeydue, and other apps to check out this weekend ExxonMobil expands Apple Pay support to Speedpass+ for Apple Watch app Accessories Microsoft and Harman Kardon unveil Invoke smart speaker with Cortana, coming this fall Hey Apple, we need to talk about AirPods (again)! Can’t rename your AirPods as “AirPods”? Here’s the fix. Smart light bulbs you can control with your iPhone This cable made of steel is a sturdy alternative to Apple’s fragile Lightning cable Deals Nanodots 216 Sets for $34 Throttle Pro: Lifetime Subscription for $99 The Ultimate Photography & Photoshop Bundle for $24 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 22 mins S&P 500 2,399.38 +0.09 (+0.00%) Dow 30 21,012.28 +5.34 (+0.03%) Nasdaq 6,102.66 +1.90 (+0.03%) Watch Now Yahoo Finance's complete coverage of Berkshire Hathaway's 2017 Shareholders Meeting The new iPad review: This is the best couch computer ever Kif Leswing Business Insider May 8, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos Apple iPad 1More (Hollis Johnson) The last time I bought an iPad was 2012. It was a good iPad. But increasingly — especially when the iPhone 6 came out with a bigger screen — I found that my iPad started gathering dust. The bigger iPhone could do all the same things as my iPad, and as my iPad's hardware got older — it still used Apple's old-style charger — I stopped using it. But Apple's newest iPad reminded me that for iPhone users, a big tablet that does the same things can be a huge luxury. Browsing the web, playing games, and checking social media is all more pleasant with a bigger screen. So a few weeks ago, I bought Apple's newest iPad. Apple just calls it iPad, but you might have better luck Googling "2017 iPad" or "iPad fifth generation." Ultimately, it's not that much different than the other iPads sold over the past two years, except for one thing: It's cheap, or at least less expensive than what previous iPads cost. I paid $329 for mine. But I couldn't be happier with my purchase. It can't do anything new compared with other iPads, but it's a great value, and it's clear Apple has refined the iPad over the past seven years to be a great tablet for most people. I don't use my new iPad for anything productive. I mostly use it for content consumption, and it almost never leaves my house. And after using it for the past six weeks, I'm confident it's the best couch computer ever. Here's what I do on my iPad View photos CrashlandsMore ("Crashlands," the iPad game I've been playing recently.Crashlands) I surf the web. Mobile Safari, the iPad's built-in browser, is awesome, stable, and fast, and there aren't many websites the iPad can't handle. I play games. I've been exploring a large number of games available on Apple's App Store, and there is a surprising amount of deep games you could pour 20 or more hours into. I've been playing "Crashlands" lately. I watch videos. I've been using my iPad to keep up with Nationals games on MLB At Bat while my roommates watch what they want on TV. I've also watched HBO, Netflix, and other streaming services on the iPad's sharp 9.7-inch screen. It's pretty engrossing, especially with headphones. I check social media. If there's one issue I have with Apple's iPad in general, it's that there isn't Instagram or Snapchat for iPad. That said, it's a perfect device to catch up with most of my social feeds, including Facebook and Twitter. I iMessage my friends. Texting from an iPad is difficult, but if your contacts use iMessage, it's easy to send them notes and stuff from the iPad. Here's what I don't do on my iPad: anything resembling productivity. I set up my various email accounts on the device, but I turned notifications off, and I don't really check or send emails on the iPad. I can handle quick notes from my iPhone, and if I need to do any word processing or work, I'll boot up my Mac. Design View photos Apple iPad 3More (Hollis Johnson) This iPad's design is not going to surprise you. It's a rectangle, centered on a beautiful, dense, high-pixel screen. I hadn't used a 9.7-inch iPad on a regular basis since 2012, and I immediately noticed two things about this new iPad. First, it's light enough to use for long stretches of time — something I didn't find with my older, heavier iPad. Second, there's no physical mute switch. You'll have to turn the sound off on the touchscreen or hold the "volume down" rocker until it goes silent. Finally, all of Apple's new iPads, including the 2017 model, come with a fingerprint sensor. While the sensor is less useful on the iPad than on the iPhone, it can still be handy, especially if you plan to share your tablet with your family — just give everyone a fingerprint password. Battery life Apple says this iPad can manage 10 hours of battery life, and I believe it. I haven't timed how long it takes this iPad to run out of battery, but it doesn't seem to lose charge from day to day when I'm not using it, and it can last an entire afternoon gaming. I haven't ever had an issue where the iPad ran out of battery and I needed to charge it. For my use, the battery life is just good enough — it's unclear whether an improvement would make the iPad significantly better. Which iPad should I get? View photos ipad lineupMore (Apple/BI) I got the $329 model of the new iPad in space gray because I prefer the black border around the tablet's screen. It comes in gold and silver as well, but those come with a white bezel on the front. Read More The entry-level model has 32 GB of space, which is more than enough for me because I'm not uploading videos or music onto my tablet. So far, it's plenty of storage space for me, and unless you know you use a lot of space, it probably will be for you, too. After a month of heavy use, I still have over 15 GB available. I also declined to get the cellular-enabled model. For $459, the iPad comes with a modem so you can get high-speed internet on the iPad without connecting to a Wi-Fi network. Of course, the cell service requires a monthly fee. Since I use my iPad at home, connected to Wi-Fi, I didn't need it — so I saved the money. Should you buy it? View photos Apple iPad 2More (Hollis Johnson) For nearly everybody, Apple's newest iPad is the best value if you know you want an iPad. You might want to upgrade to the 9.7-inch iPad Pro if you like the size and shape but want to be able to use Apple's stylus, the Pencil. The 9.7-inch Pro also has a slightly better screen, speakers, and camera, but for my usage, it's not a huge upgrade, and since it's $599 from the Apple Store, it's not worth the $270 extra for me. The more expensive Pro also works with Apple's keyboard case, but there are plenty of third-party options for the less expensive model. The bigger Pro is the most expensive and heaviest iPad model. I used a review unit provided by Apple for a few months before I bought my iPad. My advice is that if you use it for media consumption, as I do, it's not the best option. Not only is it more expensive, the ergonomics as a couch computer don't work that well — it's heavy and feels oversized. Only get this one if you're sure you want to use an iPad as a laptop replacement. The iPad Mini starts at $400, and its screen is the same resolution as the 9.7-inch iPads. It's more expensive than the latest iPad, and it has a slower chip. I wouldn't recommend it unless you're sure you like the smaller tablet size. It doesn't support the Apple Pencil. If you don't fit into one of these categories, I'd recommend Apple's latest iPad. Apple's pricing the tablet aggressively, and it's a better value for most people than anything else in Apple's tablet lineup. View photos Apple iPad 4More (Hollis Johnson) NOW WATCH: 16 keyboard shortcuts only Mac power users know about More From Business Insider Here’s how Apple’s iPhone sales have progressed over the years 16 keyboard shortcuts only Mac power users know about You can now buy a house with Apple smart home stuff already built-in Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Apple iPhone X (2017) rumors and news Digital Trends Apple is now worth $800 billion for the first time ever BGR News A hedge fund manager thinks he's found the perfect way to invest in Tesla Business Insider There Is a Growing Problem for Apple That CEO Tim Cook Doesn't Want You to Know About The Street Apple just got its most bullish forecast yet: Worth $1 trillion in a year CNBC United Airlines apologizes after sending woman to San Francisco instead of Paris Business Insider Sally Yates and Ted Cruz get into heated battle over Trump's immigration ban Business Insider Warren Buffett’s one-word answer for why he hasn’t purchased Amazon shares CNBC Comcast launches new WiFi service as connected devices grow Reuters Buffett: 'Everything in valuation gets back to interest rates' Yahoo Finance Video Disney and JOLTS — What you need to know in markets on Tuesday Yahoo Finance How to delete your data from your old devices Yahoo Finance JAMIE DIMON: There is a 'national catastrophe' and 'we should be ringing the alarm bells' Business Insider Here's how much Nvidia will make off the Nintendo Switch Yahoo Finance Amazon sweeps U.S. market for voice-controlled speakers - study Reuters What to Watch in the Markets Tuesday, May 9 Yahoo Finance Video Man, 91, Died Happy After Family Told Him Trump Was Being Impeached: Obituary Matt: He will continue to vote Democrat long after he is dead. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.2k
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 22 mins S&P 500 2,399.38 +0.09 (+0.00%) Dow 30 21,012.28 +5.34 (+0.03%) Nasdaq 6,102.66 +1.90 (+0.03%) Watch Now Yahoo Finance's complete coverage of Berkshire Hathaway's 2017 Shareholders Meeting VC says 'Tesla is tracking close to Apple' and could be worth 'hundreds of billions' in a decade Julia La Roche Yahoo Finance May 8, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share David A. Grogan | CNBC Chamath PalihapitiyaMore High-profile venture capitalist Chamath Palihapitiya, the CEO and founder of Social Capital LP, thinks that electric carmaker Tesla (TSLA) could be worth “hundreds of billions” of dollars in the next decade. Tesla’s market cap is currently just over $50 billion, with the stock last trading around $308 on Monday. Speaking at the Sohn Conference in New York, Palihapitiya began his presentation: “Half of you would believe it’s one of the most interesting companies and the other half something that is close to a fraud or bankrupt.” With controversy, he explained, there’s “always some good, generally some bad, and always some ugly.” What’s good is that reservations for Tesla’s Model 3 reached 400,000, the equivalent to $16 billion in sales. What’s ugly is that it’s an incredibly capital intensive endeavor. Tesla has famously been burning through billions in cash as it scales up. To that, Palihapitiya says Tesla is “absolutely un-modelable.” An Apple playbook? Instead, he started thinking about Tesla from a product and technology orientation. “This amazing thing came to light which was a historical analog,” Palihapitiya said, “another company very similar to Tesla. I wanted to explain to you our view of Tesla in context to another company you already know — Apple.” He added that Apple’s (AAPL) launch of the iPhone was “revolutionary.” “The iPhone was an unbelievable feat of technology, of engineering. What this product did was capture consumer innovation and it created a tailwind of demand.” Apple consolidated and redefined the market. “Is Telsa running the same playbook?” Palihapitiya asked. He said that drivers with a Model S will find it impossible to go back to a traditional combustible engine. “What we do know is the early traction of Tesla is tracking close to Apple,” he said. “That third iteration [of the iPhone] is what broke down the walls for consumer demand. The S and the X have set the stage for Model 3.” He sees Tesla as a business than can capture 5% of the global car market. Palihapitiya’s playbook “What you see is a business that could be worth hundreds of billions of dollars in a decade.” To play the trade, he recommended owning 2022 Tesla convertible bonds, which he views as offering limited downside. “To the average investor in the room, it means we can buy these converts and we are guaranteed not lose money as long as the company is worth $15 billion,” he said. “In the off chance this guy pulls it off, we get 95% of the upside,” he said, referring to CEO Elon Musk, whom he later called “our generation’s Thomas Edison.” Palihapitiya made headlines at the Sohn Conference last year for his call that Amazon could be worth $3 trillion. — Julia La Roche is a finance reporter at Yahoo Finance. Follow her on Twitter. Read more: How a $650,000 lunch with Buffett changed one hedge fund manager’s life BUFFETT: Free trade hurts some people but we should embrace it Warren Buffett’s money managers, Todd Combs and Ted Weschler, speak   Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next How Faraday Future wants to become Tesla’s worst nightmare Digital Trends Apple just got its most bullish forecast yet: Worth $1 trillion in a year CNBC Apple iPhone X (2017) rumors and news Digital Trends A hedge fund manager thinks he's found the perfect way to invest in Tesla Business Insider The new iPad review: This is the best couch computer ever Business Insider United Airlines apologizes after sending woman to San Francisco instead of Paris Business Insider Sally Yates and Ted Cruz get into heated battle over Trump's immigration ban Business Insider Warren Buffett’s one-word answer for why he hasn’t purchased Amazon shares CNBC Buffett: 'Everything in valuation gets back to interest rates' Yahoo Finance Video Disney and JOLTS — What you need to know in markets on Tuesday Yahoo Finance How to delete your data from your old devices Yahoo Finance JAMIE DIMON: There is a 'national catastrophe' and 'we should be ringing the alarm bells' Business Insider Here's how much Nvidia will make off the Nintendo Switch Yahoo Finance What to Watch in the Markets Tuesday, May 9 Yahoo Finance Video Stocks in flux following French election Yahoo Finance Ancient, giant viruses are being unearthed in Arctic ice that's at risk of melting Business Insider Man, 91, Died Happy After Family Told Him Trump Was Being Impeached: Obituary Matt: He will continue to vote Democrat long after he is dead. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.2k
Share Tweet iPad 2017 vs iPad Air 2 Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This fb tw am yt rss Hot Topics New iPad 2017 review Best free Mac games iPhone tips iPhone 8 rumours Latest Apple Deals » Home Reviews iPad iPad 2017 vs iPad Air 2: Is it finally time to upgrade? iPad 2017 vs iPad Air 2: Is it finally time to upgrade? What are the differences between the iPad Air 2 and the iPad 2017, and is it worth making the upgrade? Our comparison review weighs up the options by David Price | 08 May 17 9.7in 4:3 touchscreen 1GHz Apple A4 processor/graphics/IO 16GB 32GB or 64GB of flash solid state storage 802.11n WI-Fi internet and Bluetooth 2.1. It has an accelerometer and compass speaker microphone and 30-pin connector Apple iPhone OS 3.2 13mm thick 680g Price RRP: From £429 Best prices today Retailer Price Delivery   Price comparision from , and manufacturers iPad 2017 vs iPad Air 2: Is it finally time to upgrade? Near the end of March 2017, and with no fanfare at all, Apple announced the launch of its newest iPad. Replacing the iPad Air 2, this latest tablet is simply called iPad, although for the sake of clarity we will refer to it as the iPad 2017 throughout this article. The big questions are these: what are the differences between the iPad Air 2 and the iPad 2017, and is it worth making the upgrade? In this article we compare Apple's 2014 and 2017 iPads, and help you decide whether the spec bumps, design changes and new features are enough to justify the price. Read next: iPad buying guide 2017 Design & build quality The iPad 2017 has the same chassis design we've grown accustomed to from Apple's tablets over the past four years. It has the same elegantly chamfered edges and gentle curves as the iPad Air 2 (and even the Air 1 before it). The iPad 2017 has two speakers, like the Air 2 (not the four you get on the iPad Pro 9.7in), and its bottom speaker grills are the same as on the Air 2 as well. It even comes in the same colours as the Air 2 (gold but not pink - see below). It doesn't get the True Tone display, Smart Connector and camera flash introduced with the iPad Pro 9.7in. Looks-wise there's barely a thing to choose between the iPad 2017 and the Air 2. iPad 2017... ...and the iPad Air 2 Except for a couple of rather surprising things. The iPad 2017 is actually thicker and heavier than its three-year-old predecessor. You have to go back to 2013's iPad Air 1, in fact, to find a model with the same dimensions. iPad 2017: 240mm x 169.5mm x 7.5mm; 469g/478g (Wi-Fi/cellular) iPad Air 2: 240mm x 169.5mm x 6.1mm; 437g/444g (Wi-Fi/cellular) The other main difference between the iPad 2017 and the Air 2 concerns the screen. Screen In a bit of a backwards step, the new iPad comes with the unlaminated, 'air-gapped' screen last seen on the iPad Air 1. Here's what we said about that feature in our review several years ago: "When you tap or press the [iPad Air 1's] screen, it definitely seems to 'flex' more than the screens on the iPad 3 and iPad 4. The result is that the screen feels light and plasticky, rather than the solid glass feeling on the older devices... We were keen, when the Air 2 came out, to see if this issue had been tackled. And sure enough, the more compressed design of the Air 2 - in which the elements of the display have been by necessity squeezed closer together, and air pockets removed - results in a screen that is firmer to the touch." Well, that step forward made by the Air 2 in 2014, we are sorry to report, has now been reversed. The iPad 2017, for reasons known only to Apple, has an unlaminated screen with an air gap under the display. You'll find that it yields the tiniest fraction when you press down: not much by any means, but enough to notice. It's still a decent screen - bright, sharp and colourful - but we wish it was laminated. Colour options Like the iPad Air 2, the iPad 2017 comes in three colours: silver, gold and Space Grey. Neither device has been offered in Rose Gold. New features Features-wise, the iPad 2017 is barely any different from the Air 2, gaining none of the upgrades brought in with the 9.7-inch iPad Pro. It has Touch ID and Apple Pay, and 4G internet connectivity; the usual stuff. The new iPad 2017 is not compatible with either the Apple Pencil or the Smart Keyboard that iPad Pro users get to use - in fact it hasn't got a Smart Connector. It also doesn't get the Retina Flash and True Tone camera features of the iPad Pro, something which will turn up again in the specs section. Specs Let's look under the hoods and compare the two device's tech specs. Processor iPad 2017: A9 chip with 64-bit architecture; Embedded M9 coprocessor iPad Air 2: A8X chip with 64?bit architecture; M8 motion coprocessor The iPad 2017 comes with an A9 chip. On paper this ought to be only slightly slower than the A9X in the high-end Pro models and significantly faster than the A8X in the Air 2. Let's look at some benchmark scores. Geekbench 4 CPU test: iPad 2017 vs iPad Air 2 Create bar charts GFXBench Metal test: iPad 2017 vs iPad Air 2 Create bar charts JetStream 1.1: iPad 2017 vs iPad Air 2 Create bar charts RAM iPad 2017: 2GB RAM iPad Air 2: 2GB RAM Storage options The iPad 2017 is available with 32GB or 128GB of storage. iPad Air 2: 32GB or 128GB Screen iPad 2017 9.7-inch (diagonal) LED-backlit Multi-Touch display with IPS technology 2048x1536-pixel resolution at 264 ppi Fingerprint-resistant oleophobic coating iPad Air 2 9.7-inch (diagonal) LED-backlit Multi-Touch display with IPS technology 2048x1536-pixel resolution at 264 ppi Fingerprint-resistant oleophobic coating Front-facing camera iPad 2017 1.2-megapixel photos ƒ/2.2 aperture 720p HD video recording iPad Air 2 1.2MP photos ƒ/2.2 aperture 720p HD video recording Rear-facing camera iPad 2017 8-megapixel camera Autofocus Panorama (up to 43 megapixels) HDR for photos Exposure control Burst mode Tap to focus Timer mode ƒ/2.4 aperture iPad Air 2 8MP iSight camera Autofocus Panorama (up to 43MP) Auto HDR for photos Exposure control Burst mode Tap to focus Timer mode ƒ/2.4 aperture Battery Apple claims the iPad 2017 has a 10-hour battery life when using Wi-Fi and 9 hours when browsing over a cellular connection. These are standard figures that the company gives for all of its current tablets, but we were hopeful that it might prove a conservative estimate; after all, the device's battery has an impressive (for Apple) capacity of 8,827 mAh. That compares to 7,340 mAh on the Air 2, and may explain the device being (comparatively!) thick and heavy. Here's how things turned out in practice - or in the GeekBench 3 battery test, at any rate. Geekbench 3 battery test Create bar charts Dimensions iPad 2017: 240 mm x 169.5 mm x 7.5 mm. 478g (cellular) or 469g (Wi-Fi) iPad Air 2: 240 mm x 169.5 mm x 6.1 mm. 444g (cellular) or 437g (Wi-Fi) UK price Here is how much each model of the iPad 2017 costs in the UK: iPad 2017 (32GB, Wi-Fi only): £339 iPad 2017 (128GB, Wi-Fi only): £429 iPad 2017 (32GB, Wi-Fi + cellular): £469 iPad 2017 (128GB, Wi-Fi + cellular): £559 It's £40 cheaper than the iPad Air 2, which started at £379 for 32GB and Wi-Fi. You can buy the iPad 2017 here; the iPad Air 2 is still available second-hand, or through education resellers. OUR VERDICT The iPad 2017 is an unexpectedly cheap offering, but one that is also generally low-specced and has a design that's mostly lifted from a product that's two and a half years old, and in some cases from one that's three and a half years old. It's all rather odd. While much of its technology feels out of date, however, one key spec, the processor, does not, and the A9 chip helped the iPad 2017 to produce consistently decent results in our benchmarking tests - not Pro-fast, but considerably faster than the Air 2. And that 8,827 mAh unit gave it impressive scores in our battery tests. That lovely big battery, of course, is the most likely reason for the iPad's weight gain. And we're less bothered by that than by the unlaminated screen. An iPad lives and dies by its screen, which should look and feel great. This one looks great but feels a bit cheap. Then again, by iPad standards the new model really is cheap - £339 feels like a bit of a bargain. If you've got an Air 2 and have been putting off an upgrade, this might be the model to convince you: you'll get a better battery and processor, and longer-term iOS updates to look forward to. Just make sure you try out the screen before laying down any cash, because we're not keen on the way it feels, and it's without doubt a step back from the one you'll be used to. Tags: iPad Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Find the best price Best prices today Retailer Price Delivery   Price comparision from , and manufacturers Comments Advertisement Xiaomi Mi Notebook Air 13 review British designers win at Art Director's Club Awards How to use a Mac: Best macOS tips Apple News Apple Reviews Apple How To Macworld Magazine Apple Deals Mac Forums Tech Advisor France - Tests complets, conseils Apple Mac iPhone Reviews iPad Reviews Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
dailyrecordLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Scottish News UK & World News Politics Crime Health Real Life Business & Consumer Weird News Science & TechnologyExpand Politics Football Scottish Premiership Scottish Championship Scottish Cup Betfred Cup Scotland Football Team Transfer News English Premier LeagueExpand Sport Latest Sport Football Rugby Golf Tennis Boxing DartsExpand TV & Celebs Latest Celebs Celebrity News TV & Radio News Celebrity InterviewsExpand Life & Style Scotland Now In Your Area Aberdeen Dundee Glasgow Edinburgh Inverness See all locationsExpand Business Travel Sign in My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter Motoring Property Bingo Competitions Horoscopes BuySell Dating Directory Jobs Advertising InYourArea About Us Contact Us Got A Story? Local News Cookie Policy Advertising Jobs Buy a Photo Competition Rules How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Policy Contact the Judge Sunday Mail Centenary Fund Paper Subscription to the Daily Record and Sunday Mail Paper Subscription to the Paisley Daily Express Terms and Conditions © 2017 Scottish Daily Record and Sunday Mail Ltd Home News Science & Technology iPhone 8 News iPhone 8 could come with an accessory worth £160 in the box Apple's AirPods, unveiled alongside the iPhone 7 last year, could some packaged with the iPhone 8  Share  Comments BySophie Curtis 17:05, 8 MAY 2017 Updated20:41, 8 MAY 2017 News (Photo: Getty)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Apple's next top-of-the-range iPhone - widely tipped to be called the iPhone 8 - could come with an accessory worth £160 in the box. According to a new report from analysts at JPMorgan, seen by 9to5Mac, the iPhone 8 may come bundled with a free pair of AirPods. The wireless earphones were announced along with the iPhone 7 and went on sale just before Christmas. They currently cost £159 to buy in the Apple Store. The AirPods link up to your iPhone or Apple Watch via Bluetooth. They use sensors to automatically detect when they are in your ears, and play or pause your music accordingly. (Photo: Reuters) They contain a pair of microphones, so you can control your music, change the volume and check your battery life using Siri. The AirPods deliver up to 5 hours of listening time on one charge, and come in a special case that doubles as a charger, offering more than 24 hours of total listening time in total. Many people poked fun at the AirPods when they were first announced, claiming they were too easy to lose. Read More iPhone 8 'dummy' pictures reveal what Apple's next handset could look like However, at the start of the year, Apple issued an iOS update that added a feature called "Find My AirPods". When activated, the feature makes the AirPods play a sound loud enough to locate them within a room. Data released by research firm Creative Strategies and Experian earlier this month shows that 98% of AirPods owners are satisfied with their purchase. The inclusion of AirPods in the box with the iPhone 8 could help to justify its widely-rumoured price tag of over $1,000, which would make it Apple's most expensive handset yet. The price was reportedly leaked to The Fast Company by "a source with knowledge of Apple's plans". Read More This man built his own iPhone 6s from spare parts (Photo: ifanr.com) The device is rumoured to feature a glass body, a curved OLED display, a touch-sensitive digital button, a dual-lens camera and wireless charging. While it is expected to be unveiled alongside the 7s and 7s Plus in September, the release date could be delayed due to "significant hardware upgrades", according to KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. While "iPhone 8" is still the front runner for the name, iPhone X and iPhone Edition have both been touted as possible alternatives. Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  Is this a tantalizing glimpse of the new iPhone? Share this video Watch Next Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @Daily_Record Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On JPMorgan Chase & Co. iPhone iWatch iPhone 8 News all Most Read Most Recent English Premier LeagueTop footballer blows entire £15million fortune on online gambling He got hooked on card and casino games early in his career and is now struggling financially due to his massive losses. Car crashesSpeedboat victim faced double death trial as pals pay tribute to tragic duo Sandy Hamilton, one of two Larkhall men killed in a speedboat tragedy, had been due to face trial accused of killing two OAPs in a car crash. Car crashesPained wife demands answers after husband's tragic car crash on M8 Bernadette Strickland is calling for a fatal accident inquiry after husband Wayne's car became engulfed in flames following a crash in heavy traffic. UK & WorldGare Du Nord evacuation: Armed police in Paris clear out train station 'in search for three dangerous men' Travellers were ordered out of the busy station at around 11pm local time Social mediaSix months pregnant British mummy blogger is crushed to death by 18-wheeled truck in Thailand Popular vlogger Sophie Emma Rose hit the headlines last year after declaring women should nurse their children until they're at least eight. RutherglenRutherglen: 140 houses could be built on Blairbeth golf club site The proposal is included in a new development plan by South Lanarkshire Council Eating disordersSuffering in silence - shock figures show 27% rise in men suffering from eating disorders The number of males being treated for anorexia, bulimia and other problem eating conditions has risen dramatically in the last three years. DrugsDriver was so out of her face on drugs she passed out at the wheel with a child in the back seat Lisa Marie Gilmour hit a parked car before conking out just yards from a Paisley school CourtsDad is jailed after faking cancer to con a granny out of her life savings Cruel hoaxer David Rae is behind bars after claiming he only had a year to live unless he could raise thousands for "life-saving" treatment in America Scottish NewsHighland biker banned from road after being clocked at 157mph by police Offshore oil worker Louis Rozier escaped jail after cops caught him going at the speed of a jet plane during take-off. Most Read Most Recent Celtic FCCeltic edge closer to move for Chelsea striker Dominic Solanke Brendan Rodgers given boost in attempt to sign England Under-21 international after Liverpool cool their interest in the Blues youngster. Rangers FCRangers target Rashid Sumaila takes to Twitter to say goodbye to Al Gharafa Rangers fans reckon it's a done deal as Pedro Caixinha's target says his farewells to everyone at his Qatari club. English Premier LeagueTop footballer blows entire £15million fortune on online gambling He got hooked on card and casino games early in his career and is now struggling financially due to his massive losses. Fashion & BeautyPrimark are selling inflatable flamingo and swan pool accessories and shoppers are going crazy over the price The holiday accessory is a hit with shoppers gearing up for the summer Car crashesSpeedboat victim faced double death trial as pals pay tribute to tragic duo Sandy Hamilton, one of two Larkhall men killed in a speedboat tragedy, had been due to face trial accused of killing two OAPs in a car crash. English Premier LeagueLive football on TV: What channel is showing France U17 v Scotland U17? There's Champions League, Europa League, EPL, Scottish Premiership and UEFA Under-17 Championship to settle down and enjoy this week. RutherglenRutherglen: 140 houses could be built on Blairbeth golf club site The proposal is included in a new development plan by South Lanarkshire Council Scotland football teamHibs star John McGinn ready to train with a RUGBY team to make sure he’s fit for Scotland v England clash With the Championship winners’ season now over, the midfielder wants to stay in peak condition for the Hampden showdown. Eating disordersSuffering in silence - shock figures show 27% rise in men suffering from eating disorders The number of males being treated for anorexia, bulimia and other problem eating conditions has risen dramatically in the last three years. Greenock Morton FCMorton ace Thomas O'Ware convinced Greenock side's long wait for a top flight return could soon be over Championship underdogs hopeful of sealing a return to the Premiership for the first time since 1988 as they get set for crucial play-off clash against Dundee United. Top Stories English Premier LeagueTop footballer blows entire £15million fortune on online gambling He got hooked on card and casino games early in his career and is now struggling financially due to his massive losses. EnergyBritish Gas boss threatens to sack more workers in response to Tories' energy price cap plan The £4million-a-year fatcat Iain Conn denies "profiteering" and said the government were to blame for soaring fuel bills. Car crashesPained wife demands answers after husband's tragic car crash on M8 Bernadette Strickland is calling for a fatal accident inquiry after husband Wayne's car became engulfed in flames following a crash in heavy traffic. Scottish NewsHighland biker banned from road after being clocked at 157mph by police Offshore oil worker Louis Rozier escaped jail after cops caught him going at the speed of a jet plane during take-off. Rangers FCRangers target Rashid Sumaila takes to Twitter to say goodbye to Al Gharafa Rangers fans reckon it's a done deal as Pedro Caixinha's target says his farewells to everyone at his Qatari club. Aberdeen City CouncilCouncil blasted for praising crematorium boss who spoke about 'slow cooking' dead babies Unite have hit out at Aberdeen City Council chief exec Angela Scott for thanking Pete Leonard for his service after he resigned. Car crashesPals set up charity football match to help bring home autobahn crash Scot killed in Germany Uddingston man Dean Steele was hit by a car while on a trip to Germany and devastated friends are raising money to get his body back to Scotland. Aberdeen FCAberdeen want Shaun Maloney to spearhead next season's assault on Celtic Dons boss Derek McInnes has put the former Hoops frontman and Scotland international at the top of his summer transfer list. UK & WorldBritish man explains why he tried to kill Donald Trump at a rally Michael Sandford got within 20ft of the President before attempting to grap a cop's gun and shoot Trump Eating disordersSuffering in silence - shock figures show 27% rise in men suffering from eating disorders The number of males being treated for anorexia, bulimia and other problem eating conditions has risen dramatically in the last three years. Scottish NewsOAP cyclists on why it's never to late to get on your bike Retired Arran postmaster Janice Small, 69, has cycled in America, Thailand, Malaysia and India as well as riding from Land’s End to John o’ Groats. Social mediaSix months pregnant British mummy blogger is crushed to death by 18-wheeled truck in Thailand Popular vlogger Sophie Emma Rose hit the headlines last year after declaring women should nurse their children until they're at least eight. English Premier LeagueTop footballer blows entire £15million fortune on online gambling He got hooked on card and casino games early in his career and is now struggling financially due to his massive losses. Car crashesSpeedboat victim faced double death trial as pals pay tribute to tragic duo Sandy Hamilton, one of two Larkhall men killed in a speedboat tragedy, had been due to face trial accused of killing two OAPs in a car crash. Car crashesPained wife demands answers after husband's tragic car crash on M8 Bernadette Strickland is calling for a fatal accident inquiry after husband Wayne's car became engulfed in flames following a crash in heavy traffic. UK & WorldGare Du Nord evacuation: Armed police in Paris clear out train station 'in search for three dangerous men' Travellers were ordered out of the busy station at around 11pm local time Rangers FCSteward's response to Rangers fans cavorting on pitch has everyone in stitches One steward seems to be caught by surprise at the outpouring of joy as he struggles to stem the tide. Social mediaSix months pregnant British mummy blogger is crushed to death by 18-wheeled truck in Thailand Popular vlogger Sophie Emma Rose hit the headlines last year after declaring women should nurse their children until they're at least eight. Science & TechnologyiPhone 8 could come with an accessory worth £160 in the box Apple's AirPods, unveiled alongside the iPhone 7 last year, could some packaged with the iPhone 8 UK & WorldWhat motorists should do when emergency vehicles are trying to pass – and whether you can break the law The Highway Code is very useful Vladimir PutinVladimir Putin orders three Russian warships into Nato waters shortly after arrival of US vessel in Baltic Sea The three heavily armed warships had been due in St Petersburg for Russian Victory Day however re-directed unexpectedly to the Baltic Sea. UK & World"I wish they didn't let you in the country": Woman harasses Muslim shopper who let her queue in front of her The horrified Muslim woman began filming the exchange after the blonde woman began abusing her Scottish NewsHighland biker banned from road after being clocked at 157mph by police Offshore oil worker Louis Rozier escaped jail after cops caught him going at the speed of a jet plane during take-off. News"The dog's got the baby": Aunt's terrified screams after 'crazed animal mauled toddler's head after jumping through fence' Little Ella was playing in the back garden when she was allegedly mauled by up to five "XXL American Bull Dogs" - one of which allegedly grabbed her head UK & WorldBody of girl, 17, was 'found wrapped in clingfilm and stuffed in wardrobe at hostel after residents noticed smell' A resident at the supported living home said the body had 'been in the wardrobe for a while' when it was found Missing peopleGlasgow police widen search for missing pensioner as 82-year-old dementia sufferer goes missing Patrick Hart was last seen on Monday afternoon at 4pm and police have deployed helicopters to help track him down. CoastguardPolice name two Larkhall men who died in speedboat tragedy off Dumfries and Galloway coast The men were named as Sandy Hamilton (35) of Ashgill and Kevin James McKinlay (46) of Larkhall. EnergyBritish Gas boss threatens to sack more workers in response to Tories' energy price cap plan The £4million-a-year fatcat Iain Conn denies "profiteering" and said the government were to blame for soaring fuel bills. Homes and propertyCumbernauld comedian Craig Ferguson sells luxury Malibu home for £4.6 million The former Late Late Show presenter's house has private beach access and ocean-facing balconies. PolicePolice car on emergency call smashes into another vehicle on busy Edinburgh city centre street The capital's Raeburn Place was closed following the collision on Monday afternoon with no-one believed to be seriously injured. Scottish NewsSpycam pervert who secretly filmed colleagues in the office toilets and on hotel business trips walks free Housing boss Mark Logan amassed 700 videos of workmates using cameras he planted in digital clocks. Car crashesPals set up charity football match to help bring home autobahn crash Scot killed in Germany Uddingston man Dean Steele was hit by a car while on a trip to Germany and devastated friends are raising money to get his body back to Scotland. News Sport Celebs Life & Style Follow us facebook twitter InYourArea About Us Contact Us Got A Story? Local News Cookie Policy Advertising Jobs Buy a Photo Competition Rules How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Policy Contact the Judge Sunday Mail Centenary Fund Paper Subscription to the Daily Record and Sunday Mail Paper Subscription to the Paisley Daily Express Terms and Conditions © 2017 Scottish Daily Record and Sunday Mail Ltd This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home Companies Economy Politics Interviews Property World Announcements News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsTechnology May 08, 2017 11:29 PM IST | Source: CNBC Apple just got its most bullish forecast yet: Worth $1 trillion in a year With the expected release of the iPhone 8 this fall, Apple is only in the "early stages" of unlocking upside potential for investors, Drexel Hamilton's Brian White wrote in a note to clients Monday. After reporting mixed earnings last week, Apple was given a USD 202 price target, its highest to date, by one analyst on Monday. With the expected release of the iPhone 8 this fall, Apple is only in the "early stages" of unlocking upside potential for investors, Drexel Hamilton's Brian White wrote in a note to clients Monday. "We believe Apple remains among the most underappreciated stocks in the world," White said. The analyst raised his 12-month price forecast for Apple stock to $202 from $185, reiterating a buy rating on the shares. Apple closed Friday at $148.96 per share. If the stock climbed to White's target (a gain of more than 35 percent), that would give the iPhone juggernaut a market value of $1.05 trillion based on its current share count of 5.2 billion. White said his 12-month price target is based on applying a 16 P-E to his 2018 pro forma EPS estimate of $10.49 and then adding the company's cash per share. The analyst argues this is more than reasonable considering the S&P 500 currently trades at 16 times 2018 estimated earnings. White's price target marks the highest for the company among 33 Wall Street analysts who cover Apple, according to data from TipRanks. The average price target of those analysts is $159, and the lowest is $120, TipRanks said. "Apple's valuation has been depressed for years as investors grew concerned that Apple would fall victim to the missteps of consumer electronic companies of the past," White wrote. "However, Apple has proven its resilience through its unique ability to develop hardware, software and services that work seamlessly together."As of Friday's close, shares of Apple have risen 60 percent over the past 12 months and are up about 29 percent this year. tags #Apple #iPhone 8 #S&P500 #Technology #World News Related news Business Toshiba tells Western Digital not to interfere with chip unit sale May 09, 2017 10:32 AM Business Amazon leads surging connected speakers market: Survey May 09, 2017 07:45 AM Business Uber setting up artificial intelligence lab in Toronto May 09, 2017 07:45 AM Business IMF says Asia facing risks from rise in protectionism May 09, 2017 07:45 AM Business BOJ governor expects to meet price target with current monetary easing May 09, 2017 07:35 AM Business Apple just got its most bullish forecast yet: Worth $1 trillion in a year May 08, 2017 11:29 PM Business China says China-Pakistan Economic Corridor attracted USD 46 billion investments May 08, 2017 09:50 PM Business Juncker warns Macron French spend too much money May 08, 2017 09:45 PM Business Indians make 50 million minutes of WhatsApp video calls daily May 08, 2017 08:51 PM News Most Popular Top News Keep some cash in hand as analysts raise alarm; 10 stocks which could give up to 20% return Hudco IPO: A low risk shelter for investors RERA effect: Homebuyers can now exit the real estate project at any stage India's Rs 2 trillion economy likely to double in next 8 years; huge opportunity for investors: Sunil Singhania Looking to invest in banking space? 5 stocks which could give up to 30% return Earnings to lead next leg of bull market; 4 stocks that can give up to 40% returns Market Live: Sensex, Nifty continue to remain rangebound; midcaps, metals surge AAP crisis LIVE: Will reveal one of country's biggest conspiracies today, says Kejriwal see more Video of the day Auto ancillaries & logistics may see good earnings; wary of hsg fin cos: Nilesh Shah Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Game Changers Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch PowerYourTrade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | FAQs | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » PowerYourTrade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | FAQs | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Apple’s marketing chief says smart speakers should have built-in displays Christian Zibreg on May 8, 2017 4 Phil Schiller, Apple’s Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing, recently sat down for a quick interview with Gadgets 360, discussing the possibility of App Store upgrade pricing, the future of Amazon Echo-like smart speakers, Apple’s new programming language Swift and more. Commenting on Echo-like products, Schiller opined that smart speakers should feature a built-in display for those times when you want to, say, share photos, which is something voice-only assistants are not perfectly suited for. Asked to share his thoughts on devices like Google Home and Amazon’s Echo, he said: Well, I won’t talk to either one specifically, I don’t want to. My mother used to have a saying that if you don’t have something nice to say, say nothing at all. So, instead, let’s abstract the conversation just briefly to some of the general concepts and talk about those, because it’s really interesting. First of all, there is a lot of talk in the industry about voice-driven assistants and we believe deeply in voice-driven assistants that’s why invest in Siri, but there is interest in a voice-only assistant, where there is no screen, and we think it’s important to that there are times when it’s convenient to simply use your voice when you are not able to use the screen. For example, if you’re driving and you want Siri to work for you without having to look at the screen, that’s the best thing. Or maybe you’re across the room, and you want to ask Siri to change the song you were listening to—you don’t have to walk over and back and you can use Siri instead. So there’s many moments where a voice assistant is really beneficial, but that doesn’t mean you’d never want a screen. So the idea of not having a screen, I don’t think suits many situations. For example, if I’m looking for directions and I’m using Maps, Siri can tell me those directions by voice and that’s really convenient but it’s even better if I can see that map, and I can see what turns are coming up, and I can see where there is congestion, I understand better my route, and what I’m going to do. Or, for example, with photography, and one of the most popular reasons for our products is photography now, and photography requires a screen. So the idea of a device without a screen, well it’s not really useful for that whole category of photos that we all share. and all the social networking apps that are now embracing photos more and more, well, it doesn’t work really so great in voice-only assistants. Or the biggest category of all of apps is games, and I have yet to see any voice-only games that, for me, are nearly as fun as the one that I play on my screen. And so I think voice assistants are incredibly powerful, their intelligence is going to grow, they’re gonna do more for us, but the role of the screen is gonna remain very important to all of this. Bloomberg claimed Amazon was working on bringing a seven-inch touchscreen display and telephony to a next-generation Echo Home device. Due next year, the premium device will target kitchens and cost more than the current Echo gadgets. “The latest Amazon speaker will be larger and tilt upwards so the screen can be seen when it sits on a counter and the user is standing,” said one of the people familiar with Amazon’s plans. Earlier today, Microsoft announced a new Invoke smart speaker with built-in Cortana, Harman Kardon audio technology and other features, due this fall. Subscribe to iDownloadBlog on YouTube A recent supply chain rumor claimed AirPods manufacturer Inventec had landed Apple’s first order for an Echo-like device with Siri, AirPlay and more. The accessory should sport a Mac Pro-like cylindrical chassis with a concave top with built-in controls and a speaker mesh. According to Australian leakster Sonny Dickson, Apple’s gadget will use Beats audio technology for “excellent acoustic performance” and include seven tweeters, a woofer and possibly the company’s W1 wireless chip which debuted in AirPods. According to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, the connected speaker will file as the iPhone maker’s first AI-driven smart home device. It’s expected to be targeted at the premium segment of the market and cost more than Amazon’s $179 Echo. The analyst said the Siri-driven speaker could be announced at WWDC 2017 in June. Siri device mockup via iFunnyVlogger on Twitter Tagged: Amazon Amazon Echo App Store Apple Google Google Now News Phil Schiller Siri Swift MORE FROM iDB Apple may not be building Siri-powered Amazon Echo rival after all Bloomberg: Apple’s Echo-like Siri appliance is now in prototype testing Move over, Alexa: Apple is reportedly finalizing design for its rumored Siri/AirPlay device Bacillus He’s probably talking about speech systems with unpredictable results (that apparently aren’t expected to improve) “Shall I look it up on the web ?” nova12 nope. don’t need a screen on my Alexas. I have one echo (from back when you needed the full size) and a slew of dots around the house. never once have I needed or wanted a screen on them. that said, I’m a slave to Apple and I’m sure I’ll buy whatever they try to sell me. Jamessmooth Then invent one, Apple. I’m deep in the Apple ecosystem, but I have a dot and am getting the new ecobees with Alexa. Plus, I’m not a big Siri fan. I don’t use Siri because it just doesn’t work that well, imo. Ramon But they will add one when it feels “right” Featured Latest Daily Deals: $300 iRobot vacuum, $397 Nikon D3400 camera, and more Jailbreak tweaks of the week: ColorGram, HUDPlayer, & more… Prizmo Go, Glass Tilt Shift, Honeydue, and other apps to check out this weekend Smart light bulbs you can control with your iPhone Let’s Talk Jailbreak 161: The sweet spot Daily Deals: $300 iRobot vacuum, $397 Nikon D3400 camera, and more Apple’s marketing chief says smart speakers should have built-in displays Apple’s Workflow app gains new Apple Music actions, brings back Chrome and Pocket integrations Microsoft and Harman Kardon unveil Invoke smart speaker with Cortana, coming this fall Apple has never been more valuable Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: ColorGram, HUDPlayer, & more… FolderAutoClose 10 automatically closes folders after launching apps from them Hide the date from the Today page with No Date Today This tweak forces Safari to load web pages in Reader or full screen mode How to use Extender Installer to automatically re-sign your jailbreak app Apps Apple’s Workflow app gains new Apple Music actions, brings back Chrome and Pocket integrations How to gift iTunes credit on iPhone and iPad FolderAutoClose 10 automatically closes folders after launching apps from them Prizmo Go, Glass Tilt Shift, Honeydue, and other apps to check out this weekend ExxonMobil expands Apple Pay support to Speedpass+ for Apple Watch app Accessories Microsoft and Harman Kardon unveil Invoke smart speaker with Cortana, coming this fall Hey Apple, we need to talk about AirPods (again)! Can’t rename your AirPods as “AirPods”? Here’s the fix. Smart light bulbs you can control with your iPhone This cable made of steel is a sturdy alternative to Apple’s fragile Lightning cable Deals Nanodots 216 Sets for $34 Throttle Pro: Lifetime Subscription for $99 The Ultimate Photography & Photoshop Bundle for $24 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/why-buffett-thinks-apple-can-charge-whatever-it-wants-1494264023 Hot Stocks Why Buffett Thinks Apple Can Charge Whatever It Wants The Berkshire Hathaway CEO says that when iPhone users need to upgrade their phones, they’ll continue to buy iPhones, even though other companies make cheaper devices. By Emily Bary May 8, 2017 1:20 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Illustration: Drew Angerer/Getty Images People who buy iPhones generally aren’t swayed by lower prices, and that’s a huge advantage for Apple. That’s according to Warren Buffett, CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, who took to CNBC on Monday morning to discuss his continued faith in Apple. Buffett has, in the past year or so, amassed a sizable stake in the company. More from Barron’s Next What Warren Buffett Learned About the iPhone at Dairy Queen 6 Life Lessons from Warren Buffett Two Years with the Apple Watch: A Love/Hate Relationship iPhone 8 Delays? Why Investors Need Not Worry While competitors might come out with better features, Apple can’t seem to be beat on price when it comes to the iPhone. The device “has some price sensitivity” but “it’s very, very little,” he said in the segment, following Berkshire’s annual meeting. Current iPhone users “could have a much cheaper smartphone selling right next to it, and they don’t look at it,” Buffett said. “If you have a cheaper TV, that picture’s looking at you and you say what’s the difference, and you buy the cheaper TV.” This comes as Apple prepares to launch its upcoming iPhone later this year. There’s been speculation that the flagship model could cost more than $1,000, which is certainly expensive. But, increasingly, consumers have been opting for pricier models, driving up the average selling price of an iPhone. We’ll see if that trend holds -- and if customers really are undaunted by iPhone pricing -- when the iPhone 8 comes out. Big Picture: Warren Buffett says higher Apple prices won’t drive away customers. Text Size Regular Medium Large Emily Bary emily.bary@Barrons.com • @emilybary Most Popular Cable Is Pulling Out of the T-Mobile Stakes...For Now Why Buffett Thinks Apple Can Charge Whatever It Wants The Best Day to Buy Airline Tickets Amazon Doubles Down on the Echo Latest In Barrons Next Hot Stocks Latest In Barrons Next Hot Stocks Barrons Next Hot Stocks For Netflix, It’s a Big World Out There For Netflix, It’s a Big World Out There Netflix’s U.S. subscriber numbers could be soft in the first quarter, but investors might not care.Netflix’s U.S. subscriber numbers could be soft in the first quarter, but investors might not care. Barrons Next Hot Stocks Electronic Arts Scores Again as Business Shifts Electronic Arts Scores Again as Business Shifts The video game company is selling more digital downloads. Barrons Next Hot Stocks Test Apple story Test Apple story This is a test dek in QA. Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 5:46pm Tue 9 May Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Apple could be worth one trillion dollars By Hannah Boland 6:47 AM Tuesday May 9, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Apple Inc Technology Tim Cook, chief executive officer of Apple Inc. Photo / Bloomberg Apple has landed its first $1 trillion valuation estimate, from US broker Drexel Hamilton, as the race heats up for which company will pass the trillion dollar mark. On the day the iPhone giant's shares surpassed US$800 billion ($1.16 trillion) for the first time, Drexel used a new research note to lift its target price on Apple to $202 a share from US$185 a share, with analyst Brian White writing that the technology giant is "among the most underappreciated stocks in the world". There are currently 5.2 billion Apple shares in issue, meaning if Apple were to hit Drexel's target price, its market capitalisation would be more than $1 trillion. Apple shares touched more than US$153.44 on Monday, giving it a market capitalisation of slightly over US$800b. Mr White said investors are "overly negative" on Apple after iPhone sales fell for the first time in 2016, and, argued that since Apple still has under 15 per cent of the global smartphone market share, there is room for growth. The prediction comes a week after Saudi Arabian officials announced plans to float around 5 per cent of Saudi Aramco in an initial public offering to take place next year. That listing is expected to raise tens of billions of dollars and be the world's biggest IPO to date. The stock market debut could value Aramco at US$2 trillion based on its sizeable oil reserves. - Daily Telegraph UK By Hannah Boland Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Tua helps NZ U20s to Oceania glory Northlander Tamati Tua played a hand in NZ U20's win over Australia. Hawke's Bay Today Directors embrace Ruataniwha Dam role There are three new directors of the company charged with driving the Ruataniwha Dam. Bay of Plenty Times Acknowledging the damage we've done One of New Zealand's greatest treasures was its sparkling, clean waters Our Features' Top Stories Driven Tararua District close local burnout pad District council has slapped an abatement notice on it's own councillor... Viva How to wear a sweater anywhere Stay stylish and warm day-to-night with these ideas for styling a sweater for any occasion… True Commercial Hamilton commercial in hot demand Right now demand for investment properties priced below $1m is hot in Hamilton. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf03 at 09 May 2017 19:07:55 Processing Time: 33ms
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Apple Clarifies That Drop in App Store Affiliate Commission Only Applies to In-App Purchases iPhone 8 Production on Schedule, Set for Unveiling in September and Release in October? T-Mobile Ends 'Free Data for Life' Tablet Offer for New Activations Amazon to Unveil New Echo With Screen Tomorrow? iPhone 8 to Feature 'Enhanced Receiver' With 'Further Improvements' to Sound and Waterproofing? You Can Now Post Photos From Instagram's Mobile Website Apple Updates Workflow to Restore Pocket and Google Chrome Actions, Adds Apple Music Actions Zip—Zap is Apple's Free 'App of the Week' [Download] Phil Schiller on the Amazon Echo, App Store Upgrades, Swift, More Harman Unveils 'Harman Kardon Invoke' Voice-Activated Speaker With Cortana Apple Extends Smart Keyboard Repair Policy to 3 Years [Report] Renders of Apple's Proposed Carnegie Library Store in Washington, D.C. YouTube Announces Free Original Shows Starring Kevin Hart, Ellen DeGeneres, Katy Perry, More More Images of New Amazon Echo Leaked in High Quality You Can Now Pay for Gas Using Your Apple Watch at ExxonMobil [Video] Bosch Wins Orders to Supply Apple With Motion Sensors for Next Generation iPhone [Report] New Amazon Echo With Touchscreen Leaked? [Photo] Apple and Amazon Near Agreement to Bring Amazon Video App to Apple TV Growth of iPhone Installed Base Slows in the U.S. [Report] Apple Updates Workflow to Restore Pocket and Google Chrome Actions, Adds Apple Music Actions LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 12 hours ago by iClarified · 1699 views · Translate Apple has updated its recently acquired Workflow app to restore Pocket and Google Chrome actions and add two new Apple Music actions. Workflow is your personal automation tool, enabling you to drag and drop any combination of actions to create powerful workflows for your iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch. Workflow includes over 200 actions, including those for Contacts, Calendar, Maps, Music, Photos, Camera, Reminders, Safari, AirDrop, Twitter, Facebook, Dropbox, Evernote, iCloud Drive, and Health, to name a few. What's New In This Version: ● Bug fixes and improvements ● Restored the Google Chrome and Pocket actions ● Add music to your Up Next queue with the Add Music to Up Next and Clear Up Next actions You can download Workflow from the App Store for free. Download Follow iClarified Comments (1) Add Comment odedo1 - 10 hours ago I never upgraded because I heard that Apple took away of some functions, are all old functions back and is it safe to upgrade? Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In The Busted Myth of Tax Repatriation By Lisa Abramowicz Shira Ovide Photographer: Joe Raedle/Getty Images Markets Lisa Abramowicz Lisa Abramowicz is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering the debt markets. She has written about debt markets for Bloomberg News since 2010. Follow @lisaabramowicz1 Shira Ovide Shira Ovide is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering technology. She previously was a reporter for the Wall Street Journal. Follow @ShiraOvide Facebook Twitter Email Print Share May 8, 2017 1:31 PM EDT APPLE INC +4.05 At Closing, May 8th 153.01 USD President Donald Trump really wants U.S. companies to bring home the trillions of dollars they're keeping overseas to avoid a big tax bill. He seems to buy into the idea that these corporations would provide a huge economic boost if they brought money back to the country under a much lighter tax burden. It's unclear whether this is true. In fact, a great deal of evidence points to this being a flawed belief. But that hasn't stopped current U.S. leaders from calling for a reduction in taxes to help repatriate this money. "We're going to have a big, one-time incentive rate," Gary Cohn, President Trump's chief economic adviser, said in a television interview on Friday. "There's trillions of dollars offshore. We want to get that back into America. ... We want the companies to bring the money back and put it back into the economy. We want them to create jobs." Cash Bonanza The 10 U.S. companies with the largest overseas cash stockpiles are holding a combined $700 billion in international balances Source: Bloomberg and company disclosures Unfortunately, it's not quite so simple. These companies, which include the likes of Apple Inc. and Microsoft Corp., don’t need the cash. To the extent they do, they can (and have) been borrowing the money at historically low rates through the corporate bond market. Indeed, Apple has been selling bonds steadily, with its total debt more than doubling in the past two years while its cash rose by 33 percent in the period, according to the company's filings. In dollar terms, the company added nearly $11 billion of debt in the most-recent quarter while boosting its cash pile by $10.75 billion. (Just last week, Apple sought to raise an additional $7 billion in the corporate-debt market.) Much of the money raised through debt sales has been used to buy back shares and pay dividends. Borrowing Binge Apple had no debt four years ago, and now its borrowings stand at nearly $100 billion Source: Bloomberg Note: The quarters shown here reflect Apple's fiscal year, which ends each September. Many other cash-rich companies have also been borrowing money at a torrid pace without any apparent need for it. In a sense, these companies have already found a way to repatriate some cash in a cost-efficient manner through bond markets.  Apple CEO Tim Cook essentially acknowledged his company had found a back door to use its overseas cash holdings. "Our good position is we can borrow," Cook told CNBC last week.  Change in Apple's Total Debt Since 2013 Zero to $99B The question is, how has all this borrowing helped the economy? And would the benefit be any greater with the introduction of some sort of tax holiday? It's challenging to see how. If companies haven’t already embarked on big investments, such as buying competitors or building new plants, it’s likely that a tax holiday won’t encourage them to do so. During past incarnations of these brief tax reprieves, an estimated 93 cents of every repatriated dollar went toward repurchasing shares, according to a recent analysis by Raymond James.  There's a lot of debate about how much share repurchases help the real economy. And investors are already questioning the wisdom of buying back shares at such high valuations. Boards of S&P 500 companies are authorizing share buybacks this year at the lowest pace in five years, according to Goldman Sachs data highlighted by the Financial Times this month. One argument is that the U.S. could at least collect some taxes on this money. But even this isn't such a clear-cut victory. The nation would have to lower the rate enough to encourage companies to bring money back, otherwise they’d have no incentive to do so. And the companies might be forced to invest in more expensive endeavors in the U.S. that slow their growth, reducing their international competitiveness. In principle, if the U.S. government pushes through a lower corporate tax rate, Apple could pay a lower rate on its $240 billion in cash held by foreign subsidiaries, repay some or all of the company's nearly $100 billion in debt and use its freed-up cash to invest in domestic manufacturing or hunt for a big acquisition Wall Street has expected the company to make.  That scenario is no sure thing. Apple and other U.S. companies have reasons other than simply avoiding taxes to keep money overseas. Many have operations in other countries, including those where labor is cheaper than it is in America, or where their businesses have more potential to expand. Just making it easy to bring the money back doesn't mean these companies are going to change the way they spend. So as Cohn and other U.S. leaders argue for a tax holiday, keep in mind that this wouldn’t be such an obvious boost for the real economy. It will just be more of the same. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the authors of this story: Lisa Abramowicz in New York at labramowicz@bloomberg.net Shira Ovide in New York at sovide@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Daniel Niemi at dniemi1@bloomberg.net Kospi Index, YTD +13% Don't Dream It's Over Want More Samsung Goodies? Hope Moon Wins Management Andy Mukherjee Crumbling Concrete Crumbling Concrete China's cement production slows to a crawl in the first quarter before surging in the second Source: National Bureau of Statistics of China, Gadfly calculations Note: China hasn't reported January figures since 2006. Government figures for February include the total for January. For illustrative purposes, the January and February figures in the chart each represent 50 percent of the reported February numbers. The exact split between the two months isn't known. the beijing put China's Commodity Bear Trap Commodities David Fickling Merchants accessed by Alipay's latest deal 4 million All systems go Apple Can Thank Alipay for Shopping Tech Tim Culpan Telecom's next big thing 5G Busy Signal Verizon's Shopping List Just Shrank Deals Tara Lachapelle Few Bargains Few Bargains For the past few years -- especially during the height of the merger wave in 2015 -- U.S. acquisition targets have fetched relatively rich prices Source: Bloomberg Note: Pending and completed acquisitions of U.S. companies worth at least $1 billion. Elephant Hunting Why Warren Buffett's Phone Isn't Ringing Deals Tara Lachapelle Facing the Music Facing the Music Quarterly earnings have resulted in large swings in Gigamon's shares, and avoiding public scrutiny could be a reason that spurs management to consider a deal Source: Bloomberg In Play Elliott Sets Up Gigamon for Speed Dating Deals Gillian Tan Forever Ever? OPEC's Not-So-Great Beyond Energy Liam Denning Bumpy Ride Bumpy Ride Kate Spade's shares have been rocked up and down in recent years; it sold to Coach for $18.50 a share, in line with its 200-day moving average price Source: Bloomberg Bag of Tricks Coach's Work Doesn't End With Buying Kate Spade Consumer Shelly Banjo Lending Boom Lending Boom Construction lending is up 60 percent in the past year at Bank of the Ozarks Source: Bankregdata.com Short Memory Waters Less Muddy for Bank of the Ozarks Finance Stephen Gandel Consult This Consult This PwC grew its digital services business by 60 percent last year, putting it in more direct competition with advertising agencies Counting Beans A Bunch of Nerds Are Laying Siege to Madison Avenue Media Leila Abboud PPG's approach is worth $29.5 billion Akzo's Attitude Putting a Gloss on It Deals Chris Hughes Number of publicly traded fitness boutiques 0 Join the Clubs Soulcycle's Path Back to an IPO Consumer Gillian Tan Elliott wants BHP to return $33 billion M&A Manacles How to Stop CEOs Chasing Harebrained Ideas Chris Hughes First the Good News First the Good News Domain is the only bit of Fairfax that's growing: Change in Ebitda since 2013 fiscal year, by division Source: Company reports, Gadfly calculations Note: Australian Metro Media includes the Sydney Morning Herald, Age and Australian Financial Review. Community Media has local Australian newspapers. FIRST STRIKE TPG Doesn't Offer Fairfax a Fair Go Deals David Fickling On Steroids On Steroids Indian bank stocks have outperformed counterparts in developed and developing economies this year Source: Bloomberg *In U.S. dollar terms. SLOW GRIND Indian Bad Debt's Long Day in Court Finance Andy Mukherjee Logged On Logged On Chinese people are voracious consumers of internet on the go, spending more than three hours per day online via their phones Source: Digital in 2017 Report compiled by We Are Social, Kepios Making headlines Carrots for China's News Industry Media Tim Culpan How Low Can You Go? How Low Can You Go? Macron's victory is already mostly priced into the French/German 10-year spread Source: Bloomberg French 10-year bond shown is the old benchmark as it shows more consistent history Euro's Gallic Shrug Markets Move Swiftly On from Macron Markets Marcus Ashworth Fullshare two-day gain 32% Star Stock Fullshare's Friends in High Places Markets Nisha Gopalan Losing Ground Losing Ground Saudi oil revenues are lower now than before the output cuts were agreed Source: Bloomberg Note: Based on production volume times price Note: Change in production from Nov-16 to Apr-17 Note: Change in price from Nov-16 average to May 4th close Even Deeper? The Elusive Benefits of OPEC's Oil Output Plan Energy Julian Lee Advice for Next Avon CEO Good Luck Ding ... Avon Falling Consumer Brooke Sutherland Out of Favor Out of Favor Short selling of Pearson shares reached a peak in March but remains high Source: Markit data Must try Harder Pearson's Pop Media Leila Abboud Out of Favor Out of Favor Publicly traded online lenders have lost their shine. The latest to stumble, Prosper Marketplace, is fortunate that it's still closely held. Source: Bloomberg Glitches and Hitches Online Lenders Feel the Pinch Finance Lisa Abramowicz Curve Steepener Curve Steepener Italy's curve has seen yields rise as heavy supply is expected in the long end Source: Bloomberg Quiet Summer A Curious Calm in Italy's Drama Markets Marcus Ashworth Split Personality Split Personality The difference between GAAP and adjusted EPS estimates at Caterpillar evens out by 2019, but the split over the next few years is wider than at Caterpillar Source: Bloomberg Adjusted Expectations Caterpillar's GAAP in the Machine Industrials Brooke Sutherland
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path PCMagPicks SurfaceLaptop Facebook Cassini GoogleDocsScam Menu Subscribe Home / Reviews / Consumer Electronics / Smart Home / Apple's Schiller: Echo-Like Devices Need a Screen Apple's Schiller: Echo-Like Devices Need a Screen By PCMag Staff May 8, 2017 12:34pm EST 10 Comments Apple believes 'deeply in voice-driven assistants...but that doesn't mean you'd never want a screen,' Apple's Phil Schiller tells Gadgets360. Apple exec Phil Schiller is not a huge fan of the Amazon Echo or Google Home, arguing that the lack of a screen makes them ineffective for "many situations." Speaking to Gadgets360, Schiller—Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing—declined to dissect either device specifically ("My mother used to have a saying that if you don't have something nice to say, say nothing at all.") But in the "abstract," Apple back an solutions with voice and visual components. Apple believes "deeply in voice-driven assistants," Schiller told Gadgets360, pointing to its investment in Siri. Voice-only solutions are convenient for when you're behind the wheel, for example, or otherwise occupied and want to do something like change the music that's playing. "But that doesn't mean you'd never want a screen," Schiller argued. Turn-by-turn directions are nice, but so is an accompanying map, he said. A voice-only device is also not the best for social media, he said. Schiller did not disclose whether Apple was mullling an Echo-like device with a screen, saying only that the space is "interesting." Schiller's comments come after Bloomberg in November said Amazon was working on a touch-screen Echo. More recently, AFTVnews posted images of what it says is an Echo with a 7-inch display. The site said it's code-named "Knight" and could arrive later this month. Echo-like devices are the new big thing; Lenovo showed off its Smart Assistant at CES this year and Harman Kardon today revealed the Invoke, a Cortana-powered speaker it first teased in December. The Invoke arrives in the fall and will allow you to "control your music and smart home [and] make and receive hands-free calls with Skype" via voice, according to the product page. You can sign up to be notified when it arrives; pricing was not disclosed. Until then, Amazon Echo is set to dominate the market. According to Monday data from eMarketer, 70.6 percent of those using voice-activated digital assistants this year will do so via an Amazon Echo. About 23.8 percent will use Google Home, with other maufacturers like Lenovo, LG, Harmon Kardon, and Mattel bringing up the rear. Back to top Previous : Google Assistant SDK Offered to Third-Party Devs By PCMag Staff Check out our masthead to see who we are, and what we do. More » More Stories by PCMag LGG6 Twitter Sweepstakes This Sweepstakes is open to individuals 18 and older who are legal US residents. More » 11 TV Episodes You Can Download Free on Google Play Right Now These could disappear at any time. You snooze, ya lose! More » Watch Live: Samsung's Galaxy S8 'Unpacked' Launch Event Samsung is ready to unveil the Galaxy S8. Can it make us forget about the Note 7's fiery demise? Wat... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles What Is 5G? Everything Coming to Netflix in May 21 Optical Illusions That Prove Your Brain Sucks The Eerie World of Abandoned Computers 6 Video Games You'll Want to Buy In May Inside GE's Research Center and its Quest for an Automated Future »See More //Discover... 23 Things You Didn't Know Your Chromecast Could Do 29 Breathtaking Pics From Cassini's Journey to Saturn 22 Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Fox News Names NBCU Veteran Marianne Gambelli to Lead Ad Sales By Jeanine Poggi - 1 hour ago Array 0 Mattress Firm Dreams Up Tech-Focused Campaign With Steve Wozniak Kickoff By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 2 hours ago Array 0 Sinclair Buys Tribune for $3.9 Billion, Creating TV Goliath 2 hours ago Array 0 Presidential Campaign Ads Are Super Quirky in South Korea By Angela Doland - 2 hours ago Array 0 USA Today to the FBI: Help! Fakers Keep Following Us on Facebook! By Simon Dumenco - 3 hours ago Array 0 This Supermarket Is Using Snapchat Stories to Show How Fresh Its Fish Is By Alexandra Jardine - 6 hours ago 0 Fox News Names NBCU Veteran Marianne Gambelli to Lead Ad Sales By Jeanine Poggi - 1 hour ago 0 How Land Rover Convinced Bourdain to Try Product Placement By E.J. Schultz - 8 hours ago 0 The Chief Creative Job Has a Murky Future at Big Brands By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 8 hours ago 0 Creativity Top 5: The Week's Best Ads By Ann-Christine Diaz - 8 hours ago 0 How Land Rover Convinced Bourdain to Try Product Placement By E.J. Schultz - 7 hours ago 0 The Chief Creative Job Has a Murky Future at Big Brands By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 7 hours ago 0 How to Attract China's Online Shoppers? Here's One Big Supermarket's Stunt By Angela Doland - 9 hours ago 0 Creativity Top 5: The Week's Best Ads By Ann-Christine Diaz - 7 hours ago 0 Mondelez's Latest Bid to Spark Cookie Sales: 'Firework' Oreos By Jessica Wohl - 5 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. Mattress Firm Dreams Up Tech-Focused Campaign With Steve Wozniak Kickoff By Adrianne Pasquarelli. Published on May 08, 2017. Most Popular Forget Casper: Mattress Firm—the 31-year-old national chain with 3,600 stores—is aiming to be the trendy player of the sleep industry. On Tuesday morning, the retailer will host a live keynote address with Silicon Alley icon Steve Wozniak, the co-founder of Apple, to announce two new tech-infused mattresses, much like Steve Jobs or Tim Cook have done in the past in unveiling Apple products. The reveal, which kicks off the Houston-based company's new "Technology to Power Off" campaign, is meant to elevate Mattress Firm's status as an innovative tech brand appealing to both tired millennials and older generations. Though the company is the largest bed seller by far, especially given the recent acquisition of Sleepy's and Sleep Train, recent so-called disruptors such as Casper, Leesa and Tuft & Needle, have challenged its status by appealing to urban 20-somethings eager to say they purchased a bed-in-a-box. Related Stories How Mattress Firm's New CMO Plans to Wake Up the Sleep Biz Celebrate President's Day! Be a Patriot and Buy a Mattress! "The average American isn't lining up outside a mattress retail store waiting for the latest breakthrough in technology," said Sicily Dickenson, Mattress Firm's chief marketing officer, who joined the company late last year. "It's about taking that first step toward just stopping the sea of sameness out there around sales and price and that perception that shopping for a mattress is going to end up like a used-car experience." The brand tapped Droga5 earlier this year to improve Mattress Firm's brand purpose and handle the new campaign. The push includes two 30-second TV commercials, with 15-second versions, that highlight two new products—the Beautyrest Black HybridPlus, which is a foam mattress with coils, and the Serta iComfort TempTouch, a foam mattress with cooling technology—as the latest tech unveils. The campaign will also include radio and digital. On Monday afternoon, Mattress Firm will announce Wozniak's address in a sponsored content post on Wired.com. "The opportunity to help Mattress Firm transform their powerful business into a potent brand, through the line, is exhilarating," said Sarah Thompson, global chief executive of Droga5, in a statement. In addition to the Droga5 relationship, Mattress Firm is also working with Jackson Spalding on PR and Havas on its Dream Bed brand, which is its own bed-in-a-box foam mattress product. Dickenson said most people wear not sleeping as a badge of honor, but that health and wellness can actually be derived from the way you sleep. To that end, Mattress Firm is not the only brand trying to tap into the popularity of sleep marketing. In addition to mattress sellers, anti-snoring devices, sound machines and aromatherapy products are all trying to get their piece of the pie. But Michael Breus, a clinical psychologist and sleep expert, said what the industry really needs is mattress simplification. With so many prices and options, the buying experience is overwhelming for consumers. "I get tired of the bells and whistles," said Los Angeles-based Breus. He said brands could offer top-to-bottom customization of mattresses at stores, complete with body scans, or also expand upon the in-store buying experience to include sheets, earplugs and sound machines—"the ultimate bedroom experience"—in order to truly break through the clutter. Dickenson declined to say how much Mattress Firm, a $4 billion retailer, is spending on the new effort. In 2016, the brand spent $230 million on measured media in the U.S., according to Kantar Media. Correction: Mattress Firm is a $4 billion retailer. An earlier version of this story failed to take into account the company's recent acquisitions. In this article: CMO Strategy Digital Retail Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Apple’s Workflow app gains new Apple Music actions, brings back Chrome and Pocket integrations Christian Zibreg on May 8, 2017 3 Workflow, the powerful iOS automation app that Apple acquired in March, has brought back a few features that were originally removed from the software following the Apple deal while adding updated Apple Music actions. In Workflow 1.7.4 for iPhone and iPad, users can now create workflows using actions specifically designed for Google’s Chrome browser and the read-later app Pocket, which browser vendor Mozilla acquired in February. With the updated Apple Music actions, Workflow fans can now add songs to their Up Next queue in the Music app. Another new action lets you clear the songs in the Up Next queue. Additionally, Workflow’s Get Distance actions has been updated with support for getting the distance from a specified location while the order of items passed from a Dictionary action to Choose from List is now preserved. Here’s everything new and fixed in Workflow 1.7.4: Bug fixes and improvements Restored the Google Chrome and Pocket actions Add music to your Up Next queue with the Add Music to Up Next and Clear Up Next actions Get Distance now supports getting the distance from a specified location The order of items passed from a Dictionary action to Choose from List is now preserved Fixed getting prices for books in Search iTunes Store Fixed making archives with special characters in the filename on iOS 10.3 and later Fixed an issue where workflow glyphs in the Today Widget may be stretched and cut off Fixed an issue where latitude and longitude may be formatted incorrectly in international locales Fixed an issue where .wflow files may fail to open on iOS 10.3 and later Fixed an issue where improperly formatted URLs from Pinboard could cause Workflow to crash Fixed an issue where booleans may not update when their value is changed inside dictionary fields Fixed an issue where handing off clipboard content from the Today Widget or Action Extension may throw a “The file Clipboard could not be opened” error Fixed an issue that could cause Workflow to crash on launch Other bug fixes and minor additions Apple has said that it will continue to push maintenance updates to Workflow, but no new user features will be added to the software. Today’s update makes good on that promise. Subscribe to iDownloadBlog on YouTube Apple’s plans for Workflow are unclear at the moment. For what it’s worth, any new features or major changes that could be in the works for the app should be formally announced at the company’s annual conference for developers next month. Workflow is available at no charge via App Store. Tagged: App Store Apps App Updates Apple Apple Music Apps Chrome Google Google Chrome iPad iPhone iPod Touch Music News Pocket Workflow MORE FROM iDB Google launches Chrome 56 for iOS with QR code scanning and overhauled tab switcher on iPad Chrome for iOS now supports Google’s Accelerated Mobile Pages Google open sources Chrome for iOS malhal So Google finally signed the agreement then Christian Zibreg I think Google Play Music actions are still unavailable in the app Agneev The only problem with this app is that it consumes too much battery! Featured Latest Daily Deals: $300 iRobot vacuum, $397 Nikon D3400 camera, and more Jailbreak tweaks of the week: ColorGram, HUDPlayer, & more… Prizmo Go, Glass Tilt Shift, Honeydue, and other apps to check out this weekend Smart light bulbs you can control with your iPhone Let’s Talk Jailbreak 161: The sweet spot Daily Deals: $300 iRobot vacuum, $397 Nikon D3400 camera, and more Apple’s marketing chief says smart speakers should have built-in displays Apple’s Workflow app gains new Apple Music actions, brings back Chrome and Pocket integrations Microsoft and Harman Kardon unveil Invoke smart speaker with Cortana, coming this fall Apple has never been more valuable Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: ColorGram, HUDPlayer, & more… FolderAutoClose 10 automatically closes folders after launching apps from them Hide the date from the Today page with No Date Today This tweak forces Safari to load web pages in Reader or full screen mode How to use Extender Installer to automatically re-sign your jailbreak app Apps Apple’s Workflow app gains new Apple Music actions, brings back Chrome and Pocket integrations How to gift iTunes credit on iPhone and iPad FolderAutoClose 10 automatically closes folders after launching apps from them Prizmo Go, Glass Tilt Shift, Honeydue, and other apps to check out this weekend ExxonMobil expands Apple Pay support to Speedpass+ for Apple Watch app Accessories Microsoft and Harman Kardon unveil Invoke smart speaker with Cortana, coming this fall Hey Apple, we need to talk about AirPods (again)! Can’t rename your AirPods as “AirPods”? Here’s the fix. Smart light bulbs you can control with your iPhone This cable made of steel is a sturdy alternative to Apple’s fragile Lightning cable Deals Nanodots 216 Sets for $34 Throttle Pro: Lifetime Subscription for $99 The Ultimate Photography & Photoshop Bundle for $24 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile The iPhone 8 design everybody hates is back Image Source: Benjamin Geskin Chris Smith @chris_writes May 8th, 2017 at 10:02 AM Share Tweet There are two kinds of iPhone 8 design leaks out in the wild right now, and they’re fairly similar except for one critical feature: the Touch ID fingerprint sensor. A new report indicates that Apple may be forced to go with the safer approach, which unfortunately just so happens to be the one that everybody hates. Don't Miss: Amazon just discounted the Echo for the first time in 2017 Apple wants to integrate the Touch ID sensor within the layers of the new OLED screen, various reports have said, but the nascent technology may not be ready in time for this year’s flagship iPhone 8. Hong Kong-based equity research firm CLSA wrote in a note to investors seen by MacRumors that Apple may end up placing the sensor on the back of the handset instead. “iPhone to ditch fingerprint sensor? We don’t think so,” CLSA analysts Sebastian Hou and Brian Chen wrote. “Both Samsung and Apple tried to enable in-display fingerprint sensing on full-screen OLED phones in 2017, but their optical tech seems immature and the major iPhone 8 bottleneck.” The note continued, “Some thus speculate the fingerprint sensor will be removed and replaced by 3D sensing. Our latest supply chain checks indicate the iPhone 8 will still have the sensor given security, user-friendliness, and a need for payments infrastructure, but there is a high chance it will be on the back like Samsung’s Galaxy S8.” Image Source: CLSA CLSA went ahead and created a diagram of the iPhone 8, as seen above. The company believes Apple will use an all-screen design for the handset, and that it’ll feature an advanced 3D face recognition system on the front as well as a vertical dual-lens camera on the back. The schematic above looks similar to some of the recent leaks that hit the web. Designer Benjamin Geskin created a concept iPhone 8 based on the image above. Here it is — and let’s just hope that it’s way off base, because the front of the phone is hideous at the top, not to mention the fact that it would introduce several new manufacturing hurdles: Image Source: Benjamin Geskin A report on Monday said the iPhone 8 will not be delayed, although it made no mention of the phone’s design or the Touch ID sensor’s location. Tags: Apple, iPhone 8 View Comments Trending 1 Entertainment Niantic just made a major change to stop Pokemon Go cheaters 2 Tech Leak reveals a new version of the Galaxy S8 that’s about to launch 3 Tech T-Mobile quietly killed one of its longest-running promos 4 Tech The OnePlus 5 launches this summer, and this might be our first blurry look at it 5 Tech iPhone 8 release will propel Apple to new heights Picked For You Leak reveals a new version of the Galaxy S8 that’s about to launch By Zach Epstein May 8th at 11:34 AM The iPhone 8 design everybody hates is back By Chris Smith May 8th at 10:02 AM The OnePlus 5 launches this summer, and this might be our first blurry look at it By Chris Smith May 8th at 6:50 AM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad Post to Cancel
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets Brexit A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events DEN More Telegraph Business Apple surpasses $800bn valuation mark - as US broker suggests it could be worth more than $1 trillion  Apple's iPhone sales dipped in 2016 Hannah Boland 8 May 2017 • 7:02pm Apple has landed a $1 trillion valuation estimate, from US broker Drexel Hamilton, as the race heats up for which company will pass the trillion dollar mark.  On the day the iPhone giant's shares surpassed $800bn for the first time, Drexel used a new research note to lift its target price on Apple to $202 a share from $185 a share, with analyst Brian White writing that the technology giant is "among the most underappreciated stocks in the world".   There are currently 5.2 billion Apple shares in issue, meaning if Apple were to hit Drexel's target price, its market capitalisation would be more than $1 trillion. Apple shares touched more than $153.44 on Monday, giving it a market capitalisation of slightly over $800bn.  Mr White said investors are "overly negative" on Apple after iPhone sales fell for the first time in 2016, and, argued that since Apple still has under 15pc of the global smartphone market share, there is room for growth.  The prediction comes a week after Saudi Arabian officials announced plans to float around 5pc of Saudi Aramco in an initial public offering to take place next year.  That listing is expected to raise tens of billions of dollars and be the world's biggest IPO to date. The stock market debut could value Aramco at $2 trillion based on its sizeable oil reserves. Share this article Follow Telegraph Business Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on LinkedIn View comments If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Please review our commenting policy Follow Telegraph Business Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on LinkedIn Related Topics Apple Saudi Aramco Show more Galleries Gallery 09 May 2017, 7:00am Gallery: From Carlsberg to KFC: the companies shifting to attract millennials Gallery 04 May 2017, 7:00am Gallery: A supermarket sweep: the unusual products that can be delivered right to your door Gallery 29 Apr 2017, 7:22pm Gallery: Yanis Varoufakis: A man of many words Business latest Gallery 09 May 2017, 7:00am Gallery: From Carlsberg to KFC: the companies shifting to attract millennials 09 May 2017, 6:00am Don't fear getting older - you've got better chance of being a blue-chip boss 09 May 2017, 6:00am Comment: There's profit to be made from ignoring social media hysteria  Matthew Lynn Premium 09 May 2017, 12:01am Skills shortage bites as fall in unemployment leaves Britain short of engineers to fill new jobs  09 May 2017, 12:01am Shoppers turn out in force on Easter spending spree 08 May 2017, 10:00pm Comment: AkzoNobel faces more battles even if PPG walks away from takeover Christopher Williams Premium 08 May 2017, 8:35pm Comment: Volcanic Macron forces Germany to come clean on its real EU agenda Ambrose Evans-Pritchard Premium 08 May 2017, 5:22pm Which elections are next on the market's worry list? 08 May 2017, 5:19pm UK finance watchdog criticised for "absurd" spend on new logo virtually identical to old one 08 May 2017, 5:10pm Hut Group posts record-breaking sales and profits 08 May 2017, 5:06pm Euro slips back below $1.10 and French shares briefly touch post-crisis highs as markets take Macron victory in their stride 08 May 2017, 4:22pm Seedrs to pilot 'Trading Tuesdays' after tracking its chat rooms  08 May 2017, 3:19pm Dulux maker Akzo Nobel raises the stakes in PPG battle by rejecting third takeover bid 08 May 2017, 3:12pm Coach bags Kate Spade in £1.8bn takeover Interview 08 May 2017, 3:00pm Chocolate company chief: Make the most of niche comms channels 08 May 2017, 2:52pm Motor financing software firm Alfa eyes £800m stock market debut 08 May 2017, 2:38pm Rolls-Royce targets engine work for Turkish jet fighter 08 May 2017, 12:54pm Etihad hastens change at the top as it names interim chief 08 May 2017, 12:47pm The old £5 note has expired - here's what to do if you still have one 08 May 2017, 12:45pm British Gas owner's dividend at risk as political pressure mounts 08 May 2017, 11:09am House prices post first quarterly fall in four years as market stagnates Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Where Will Fitbit Inc. Be 1 Year from Now? The fitness tracker maker beat low expectations for the quarter, but its future still looks murky. Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) May 8, 2017 at 1:00PM Shares of Fitbit (NYSE:FIT) recently jumped after the company posted first quarter numbers that beat analyst estimates. On the surface, the numbers looked dismal -- revenue fell 41% annually to $298.9 million, and the company posted a non-GAAP net loss of $0.15 per share, compared to a profit of $0.10 a year earlier. Nonetheless, those numbers still beat analysts' estimates by $18.2 million on the top line and by $0.03 per share on the bottom line. But Fitbit's full-year guidance -- for a 22%-31% sales decline and a wider loss -- remained unchanged and in-line with analyst expectations. Fitbit's Charge 2. Image source: Fitbit. Those numbers didn't really justify a 7% post-earnings rally, but Fitbit had already fallen nearly 70% over the past 12 months, so any earnings beat was likely to lift the stock. But will that jump lead to sustainable gains, or merely give Fitbit's long-suffering investors a chance to cut their losses? Let's discuss three things that might happen to Fitbit over the next 12 months. 1. It continues to decline Fitbit's numbers still aren't healthy. Sales fell annually across all geographic regions except for the EMEA (Europe, Middle East, and Africa) region, which accounted for just 29% of its top line. All other regions reported double-digit declines, led by a whopping 52% decline in its core U.S. market. Total devices sold fell 38% to 3 million. Fitbit Blaze. Image source: Fitbit. IDC's most recent numbers also reveal that Fitbit's global market share fell from 29% to 19.2% between the fourth quarters of 2015 and 2016. Second place Xiaomi and third place Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) both gained market share, with the former claiming a 15.2% share and the latter claiming 13.6%. That shift is troubling for Fitbit, since it indicates that consumers are being drawn toward low-end devices like Xiaomi's Mi Band or high-end smartwatches like the Apple Watch. If Fitbit can't attract more customers to its mid-range ($90 to $200) market, sales will continue falling. Fitbit's average selling price per device also declined 4% last quarter, so Fitbit might need to sell even cheaper devices to lift its top line growth. 2. It rebounds with new products Over the past 12 months, three products -- the Charge 2, Alta HR, and Flex 2 -- generated 84% of Fitbit's revenue. The high-end Blaze was notably missing from that list, and the company's average selling price of $96.45 for the quarter indicates that most of its sales came from the $90 Flex 2 instead of the pricier Alta HR and Charge 2. Fitbit Alta. Image source: Fitbit. However, Fitbit's recent acquisitions of Pebble's assets, high-end smartwatch maker Vector, and mobile payments start-up Coin all indicate that the company will launch a full-featured successor to the Blaze to properly counter the Apple Watch. Recent rumors suggest that the $300 device will offer many similar features at the Apple Watch Series 2 -- including a GPS, heart rate sensor, an aluminum unibody shell, and a comparable display with 1,000 nits of brightness. However, the device will also sport a four-day battery life, compared to the Apple Watch's one-day charge, and potentially integrate with a new app store and stream music from Pandora. Fitbit could also launch new $150 earbuds, which resemble Apple's BeatsX headphones, alongside its new smartwatch. These new products are expected to arrive this fall. If this push gains momentum, Fitbit could gain ground in the high-end market and widen its moat against the Apple Watch and Android Wear devices. 3. It gets bought out Apple didn't reveal exact sales numbers for the Apple Watch last quarter, but the company claims that it generated "record" revenues during the holidays. This suggests that mainstream demand for wearables -- which was well below market expectations before -- is finally warming up. This makes Fitbit a potential takeover target for any company that wants to control nearly a fifth of the world's wearable market. Fitbit's enterprise value of just over $600 million, its low EV/Sales ratio of 0.3, and clean balance sheet all make it an affordable buyout target. Potential suitors might include Apple, which could diversify its wearables business across multiple price tiers; or Garmin, which recently posted a disappointing slowdown in its high-growth fitness trackers business. The key takeaways Fitbit might eventually bounce back, but I don't plan to buy shares anytime soon. The company will likely continue posting double-digit sales declines and widening losses for the foreseeable future, and there's no guarantee that a new smartwatch or pricey earbuds will get its growth back on track. The best case scenario for Fitbit is still a buyout, but potential suitors might be waiting for the stock to drop even further before swooping in.   Leo Sun has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Fitbit, and Pandora Media. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info May 8, 2017 at 1:00PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $153.01 up $4.05 (2.72%) Fitbit NYSE:FIT $6.34 up $0.19 (3.09%) Read More 3 Beaten-Up Internet of Things Stocks: Are They Bargains? Can Fitbit Stock Keep Going After Last Week's 10% Pop? A Foolish Take: Which Companies Dominate the Wearables Market? Another Tough Quarter for Fitbit Can Fitbit Inc's Executive Shakeup Fix its Broken Business? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Where Will Fitbit Inc. Be 1 Year from Now? @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $FIT
Login All Reviews Editorials News Phil Schiller Says Siri-like Voice Assistants Need Displays Apple Offers Free 3-Year Repair for iPad Smart Keyboard PSA: Video Converter Handbrake Was Compromised by Malware Tips There's a Bug in File Sharing Between Windows and iOS 10.3 - Here's a Workaround iOS: If You 3D Touch Call from Phone App, Fun Stuff Happens Podcasts TMO Background Mode Interview with Science Writer and Editor Jennifer Ouellette Siri Assistant Displays, Handbrake Malware - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-08 View All Results → Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details View All Reviews → John Oliver Makes It Easier to Comment on FCC Effort to Gut Net Neutrality A Fantasy Conversation: Bezos and Cook Chat About Amazon Echo Why Apple is Letting iPad Sales Drift Downward May the Force Be With You, Always, with These Apps for Star Wars Day Apple AirPods: Very Nice (Except for the Price) View All Editorials → Don’t Count on AirPods in iPhone 8 Box Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet 1 minute read May 8th, 2017 10:09 AM EDT | Analysis Apple may bundle AirPods with this fall’s iPhone 8, according to an analyst report from JPMorgan. As great as that would be, at least for some iPhone fans, it’s not going to happen. JPMorgan says AirPods will be bundled with iPhone 8 AirPods are Apple’s wireless version of its EarPods. AirPods use radio signals to connect to your iPhone, where EarPods use a physical wire. According to a team of JPMorgan analysts, the iPhone 8 will sport higher quality speakers, improved water resistance compared to the iPhone 7, and AirPods in the box instead of EarPods. The first two predictions seem plausible, but not the third. No AirPods with iPhone 8 We already expect iPhone 8 will be a premium model with an OLED edge-to-edge-display, virtual Home button and Touch ID embedded in the display glass, front-facing cameras with 3D sensing, improved rear-facing cameras, wireless charging support, and more. The new model will presumably include the same Lightning connector that’s already part of current iPhone models for charging and wired headphones. Including AirPods could help set the iPhone 8 apart from the iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus, both of which are also expected to ship this fall, but it isn’t necessary because there’s already plenty to make the premium model stand out. Take the iPhone 8’s features out of the mix and you still have cost. AirPods cost US$159 off the shelf, and EarPods cost $29. Apple’s manufacturing costs are lower, or course, but the more expensive AirPods would add to the iPhone 8’s price, or cut into Apple’s margins. Availability is an issue, too. The iPhone 8 will reportedly be in short supply when it launches this fall, and AirPods still show a six week shipping delay on Apple’s website. That’s a mix for disappointment Apple likely wants to avoid because AirPods would suddenly be even harder to find. Up Sell Those AirPods Instead, Apple will most likely carry on with its current packaging: Lightning EarPods and a Lightning to 3.5mm headphone jack adapter bundled in the box. iPhone 8 buyers who want the wireless experience can buy AirPods as an accessory, and that’s worth a lot more to Apple’s bottom line than bundling the two together. Apple doesn’t need to sell the iPhone 8 and AirPods as a bundle, so it won’t. It’ll make more money selling each separately—and the bottom line is, ultimately, Apple’s bottom line. [Thanks to MacRumors for the heads up] Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: AirPods, iPhone 8, JPMorgan You might also like… PSA: Video Converter Handbrake Was Compromised by Malware Why Apple is Letting iPad Sales Drift Downward Imagine What Mac Sales Would Do If Apple Did Something Crazy Like Update All the Macs macOS: Finding the Hidden Advanced Display Preferences PSA: Russian-Backed Flash Trojan Ported to macOS Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials John Oliver Makes It Easier to Comment on FCC Effort to Gut Net Neutrality Bryan Chaffin | May 8, 2017 Don't Count on AirPods in iPhone 8 Box Jeff Gamet | May 8, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $153.01 +4.05 (2.72%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Phil Schiller Says Siri-like Voice Assistants Need Displays Apple Offers Free 3-Year Repair for iPad Smart Keyboard PSA: Video Converter Handbrake Was Compromised by Malware Apple Music in the Running for Prince Documentary, Unaired Concert Video PSA: Russian-Backed Flash Trojan Ported to macOS Recent Tips See All » There's a Bug in File Sharing Between Windows and iOS 10.3 - Here's a Workaround iOS: If You 3D Touch Call from Phone App, Fun Stuff Happens iOS 10: Get Started with iCloud Keychain macOS: Finding the Hidden Advanced Display Preferences macOS: How To Use Apple Watch to Auto Unlock Your Mac Recent Editorials See All » John Oliver Makes It Easier to Comment on FCC Effort to Gut Net Neutrality Don't Count on AirPods in iPhone 8 Box Citi Analyst Thinks Apple Could Buy These 7 Companies A Fantasy Conversation: Bezos and Cook Chat About Amazon Echo Antivirus Firm Claims There's New Android Malware Every 10 Seconds 16604 Jeff Gamet analysis 0 1494238199 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Sohn Conference CNBC Disruptor 50 College Game Plan Tech Drivers Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Apple market cap tops $800 billion for the first time Apple's market capitalization hit a new record of $800 billion It remains the world's most valuable public company after earnings Warren Buffett praised the iPhone Drexel Hamilton says Apple could be a trillion-dollar company with iPhone 8 Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan 13 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Street's biggest Apple bull: here's how stock will hit $202    13 Hours Ago | 03:09 Apple's stock continues to hit new highs — and on Monday, investors pushed Apple's total market value to over $800 billion. Apple shares briefly surpassed a price of $153.44 a share, and with Apple's 5.214 billion shares outstanding, according to its latest quarterly report, that makes its total market capitalization just over $800 billion. Shares hit a high of $153.70 on Monday, before closing at $153 a share, up 2.7 percent. The iPhone maker reported mixed quarterly earnings last week, selling fewer phones than expected, though at more expensive prices. But chief executive Tim Cook attributed some of the slowdown to the fact that consumers are holding out for the next launch, anticipated in September. Mark Neuling | CNBC Tim Cook Wall Street seems to agree — analysts have upped the stock's 12-month price target nearly 30 times so far this May, according to FactSet. Drexel Hamilton analyst Brian White released Apple's highest price target on the Street on Monday, which at $202 a share would put Apple over the $1 trillion mark this year. While that number may seem eye-popping, the company is already 80 percent of the way there — at least in the view of investors, who consider the company's future earnings and cash, as much as its current product line up. "What we're starting to see here are dark clouds around this valuation of Apple — which has been with the company for several years — starting to part ways," White told CNBC's "Fast Money: Halftime Report" on Monday. Despite the company's record-high market capitalization, the iPhone 8, repatriation of foreign cash and new innovations on the horizon could fuel more upside for Apple shares, White said. Plus, the company's weak performance in China could be turning a corner, White predicts. Shares of Apple popped on Monday, after famed investor Warren Buffett also praised the company, calling the iPhone "a very, very, very valuable product." Apple is also one of many technology companies that have been buoyed by a recent rally in the stock market. The Nasdaq 100, for example, closed at an all-time high on Friday. "Our numbers are actually pretty conservative going into what I think will be a big cycle," White said. Apple's rise to $800 billion Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Skip to main content Home Store Systems Analytics Digital Commerce Supply Chain / Merchandising Customer Engagement Home Research & Reports Magazine RIS Events Video Contact Us SUBSCRIBE Press enter to search Store Systems Analytics Digital Commerce Supply Chain / Merchandising Customer Engagement Home Research & Reports Magazine RIS Events Video Contact Us The Fastest Growing Retailers in the U.S. Press enter to search The Fastest Growing Retailers in the U.S. By Tim Denman - 05/08/2017 In the ultra-competitive modern marketplace retailers are either growing or dying ― expansion has been and remains the ultimate measure of success. It is one thing to show growth over a quarter or even a year, but retail’s truly successful show sales growth year, after year, after year. 24/7 Wall St. has analyzed data from the National Retail Federation and unveiled the “World’s 25 Fastest Growing Retailers” list. The financial news organization reviewed the NRF’s retail revenue growth data (2010-2015) on the 250 retailers the NRF examines for its annual 250 largest retailers report. Interestingly, three of the eight U.S.-based retailers on the list are grocers, signifying that although the segment is currently undergoing upheaval and deflation, success can be had by those retailers willing to invest.   The entire list of the 25 fastest growing retailers around the globe is available here. Below is a quick look at the eight U.S.-based retailers that made the list. Albertsons Companies. The massive grocer has revenue north of $60 billion and investors have been waiting for the grocer to enter the public sector with its first IPO. While the grocer continues to show massive year-over-year growth it is not simply stacking its fortune and resting on its laurels. In fact, it is rumored that Albertsons is interested in acquiring organic grocer Whole Foods which would further fatten its bottom line. Five-year annual sale growth: 74.1%. Sprouts Farmers Market. Over the past five years the natural and organic grocer has not only seen annual sales grow by nearly 50%, but its store count swell as well, with no end in sight. In Q1 2017 Sprouts  opened eight new locations (32 are planned for the year), including its first foray into Florida and North Carolina. Five-year annual sale growth: 47.4%. Southeastern Grocers. SE Grocers is the parent company of BI-LO, Harveys, Winn-Dixie and Fresco y Más and is one of the largest privately held companies in the U.S. The retailer aims to stay on-trend across its banners, evident by its plan to launch three new private label brands in 2017, which will include 3,000 new and rereleased products. Five-year annual sale growth: 34.6%. Apple/Apple Retail Stores. While Apple products continue to be synonymous with ease of use and quality craftsmanship, selling millions of units worldwide through a host of retail partners, the company also has a thriving direct-to-customer business anchored by their innovative Apple Stores. In Q2 2017 Apple’s direct-to-customers sales in its stores and online increase 18%, with visitors increasing 16%. Five-year annual sale growth: 23.4%. NIKE/Direct-to-Consumer. The Nike brand’s profitability continues to grow worldwide ― in Q3 2017 alone the manufacturer and retailer saw sales increase 5% to $8.4 billion. It direct-to-customer channel continues to increase as well thanks to the retailer’s continued investment in the digital experience. Five-year annual sale growth: 22.3%. Ulta Salon, Cosmetics & Fragrance. Ulta and rival Sephora have quickly cornered the mainstream cosmetics market thanks to their innovative use of cutting-edge technology that connects with their core Millennial shopper base. In fiscal 2016 Ulta increased top-line growth by 23.7% and earnings growth by 30.9%, primarily due to a 56.2% growth in e-commerce. The beauty retailer recently announced several new initiatives for fiscal 2017. It plans to open its sixth distribution center, in Fresno, CA, that will increase distribution capabilities to its California locations, where roughly 10% of Ulta stores are located. Five-year annual sale growth: 22.1%.   Dollar Tree. The five-year analysis puts Dollar Tree’s annual sales growth at over 20%. However is Q4 2016 sales increased just 5% to $5.64 billion, while net income for the quarter increased 40.5% to $321.8. To facilitate all this growth the retail is investing $110 million to build a 1.2-milion square-foot distribution center in Warrensberg, MO which is expected to process around 150 to 200 inbound and outbound trucks per day. Five-year annual sale growth: 21.4%. Amazon. The last retailer named on the list is arguably the most powerful merchant in the industry today. Amazon not only is dominating the e-commerce segment but it is rolling out innovation after innovation (Amazon Go, AmazonFresh, Alexa), that will keep the online giant growing for years to come. Five-year annual sale growth: 20.8%. SHARE YOU MAY ALSO LIKE Omnichannel The Ten New Retailers You Should be Watching Digital Commerce Carter's Omnichannel Plan Includes Amazon Launch and Opening 240 Stores Digital Commerce The 10 Biggest E-Commerce Retailers Mid-Market All Stars 2004 Amazon.com Blazes Ahead of Top 10 Mass Merchant Web Sites RELATED TOPICS Digital Commerce E-Commerce Digital Commerce Digital Tranformation Supply Chain Management Footer Social LinkedIn Twitter Youtube Facebook Footer Contact Us Editorial Board Media Kit Privacy Statement Terms & Conditions © 2017 EnsembleIQ, All Rights Reserved
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 5 Things to Know About the iOS 10.3.2 Update Adam Mills05/08/2017 An iOS 10.3.2 update for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch is confirmed and today we want to walk you through the most important things to know about the update’s changes, release date, release time, and more. In late March, Apple pulled its iOS 10.3 update out of beta. The iOS 10.3 update was a massive milestone upgrade bringing new features, tweaks, bug fixes, and a long list of security patches to iPhone, iPad and iPod touch users. Apple quickly replaced iOS 10.3 with an iOS 10.3.1 update. iOS 10.3.1 is still the most up-to-date version of iOS 10 but a change could be imminent. Apple’s confirmed an iOS 10.3.2 update for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch and the update is currently in testing ahead of a release. While your focus should still be on iOS 10.3.1, we want to take an early peek at the iOS 10.3.2 update and outline the most important things to know as we push deeper into the month. Several important iOS 10.3.2 release details remain unconfirmed so this roundup also adds in a few things we expect from Apple’s roll out. We’ll continue to update this roundup with new details so check back for frequent updates. We should learn more about the iOS 10.3.2 update as it pushes through testing. iOS 10.3.2 Beta If you want to try out the iOS 10.3.2 update ahead of its release you can thanks to the iOS 10.3.2 beta for iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. Apple’s released its iOS 10.3.2 beta to developers and those signed up for the free Beta Software Program. The company’s Beta Software Program is available to anyone with a working Apple ID. If decide to try the iOS 10.3.2 update ahead of its official release date, you’ll want to be extremely careful. Early iOS software can and probably will, cause problems on your device. Beta testers are reporting a wide range of issues and we’re seeing issues on our devices running the iOS 10.3.2 beta. In order to combat these problems, we recommend doing some prep work before you install iOS 10.3.2 beta on your device. If you do notice issues after you install iOS 10.3.2 beta on your device, you’ll want to report those issues to Apple. This way the company can improve the final release. At this point, its small change log and potential for problems, most of you will probably want to skip the beta and wait for the official version of iOS 10.3.2. It’s also worth noting that Apple has released a 32-bit version of the iOS 10.3.2 beta. There are currently iTunes restore images for the iPhone 5 and iPhone 5c or the iPad 4. The iOS 10.3.2 beta 1 wasn’t released for these devices. While an iOS 10.3.2 release is in the cards for these devices, we expect Apple to keep the iPhone 5 on iOS 10 when iOS 11 arrives in beta form this summer. iOS 11 is expected to arrive in early June at WWDC 2017. We expect an iOS 11 beta to roll out sometime after the company’s keynote address on June 5th. You Can Downgrade from iOS 10.3.2 Beta If you decide you want to try the iOS 10.3.2 beta know that you can drop down to an official version of iOS 10 if you can’t stand the bugs or its performance on your device. Apple is currently signing off on one update, iOS 10.3.1, which means you can downgrade to it if your device’s performance takes a hit after installing the beta. Sadly, you can’t drop back down to anything older than iOS 10.3.1. The iOS 10.3 and iOS 10.2.1 downgrade paths are now closed. For more on the downgrade process, see our iOS 10 downgrade walkthrough. iOS 10.3.2 Release Date An iOS 10.3.2 release date could land soon. Apple hasn’t confirmed an official iOS 10.3.2 release date. And with no Apple event in sight (this is the only instance where Apple confirms an iOS release date ahead of time), we probably won’t get an iOS 10.3.2 release date announcement ahead of time. Currently, we’re on iOS 10.3.2 beta 5. This might seem like a lot for a maintenance release but it’s not. iOS 10.2.1, a bug fixer from early 2017, also went through five betas before it was officially released to iPhone and iPad users. With five iOS 10.3.2 betas under our belts, we’re getting closer to the iOS 10.3.2 release date and we wouldn’t be surprised if it landed on one of the three Monday’s left in May. Apple tends to release beta updates, and official iOS software, on Monday’s so those are the dates to circle on your calendar. iOS 10.3.2 Release Time The iOS 10.3.2 release date is hard to predict but the iOS 10.3.2 release time isn’t. The iOS 10.3.2 update will almost certainly arrive around 10AM Pacific on its release day. You can expect the same from all of Apple’s iOS 10.3.2 beta releases. Here’s what that will look like for other regions in the United States and countries around the world including Australia and Japan: Eastern – 1 PM Central – 12 PM Mountain – 11AM London – 6 PM Moscow – 9 PM New Delhi – 10:30 PM Shanghai – 1 AM Tokyo – 2 AM Melbourne – 3 AM Auckland – 5 AM Apple never releases its iOS updates on the weekend and has a tendency to release new software on Monday morning. iOS 10.3.2 Update: What’s New The iOS 10.3.1/iOS 10.3 updates delivered all sorts of changes including APFS, Find My AirPods, huge tweaks to CarPlay, and more. The iOS 10.3.2 beta 1, iOS 10.3.2 beta 2, iOS 10.3.2 beta 3, iOS 10.3.2 beta 4 and iOS 10.3.2 beta 5 change logs point to a much smaller update, one on par with the iOS 10.3.1 update. Developers poking around the iOS 10.3.2 beta haven’t discovered anything significant on board the new version of iOS 10.3, aside from a few bugs. This could change but at this point, iOS 10.3.2 is looking like a minor release for the iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. The next big iOS release will probably be the iOS 11 update that’s rumored for WWDC 2017 in early June. 4 Reasons Not to Install iOS 10.3.1 & 9 Reasons You Should Install iOS 10.3.1 If You Want Better Security   1 / 13 If you value your security, you'll want to seriously consider downloading the iOS 10.3.1 update on your iPhone or iPad.  iOS 10.3.1 brings a single security patch for a potential Wi-Fi exploit. But if you failed to install iOS 10.3, your iOS 10.3.1 update will bring its monster list of patches as well.  The iOS 10.3 update delivered over 60 known patches for potential exploits. That's substantial, even for a milestone upgrade. The previous version of iOS 10, iOS 10.2.1, brought 14 known patches. Among them is a patch for a Safari ransomware bug that scammers used to extort iOS users who viewed pornography on their device.  These patches enhance the security on your iPhone, iPad and iPod touch making them ideal for those of you who store sensitive files/data on your device. Most people do. If you skipped the iOS 10.2.1 update and/or the iOS 10.2 update, know that iOS 10.3.1 brings their security patches with it as well. Again, the iOS 10.2.1 update had 14 important patches on board. You can see them all right here.  If you failed to install Apple's iOS 9.3.5 update, iOS 10.3.1 will also bring the three crucial security patches it delivered last year. These patch up serious security problems that could potentially expose your calls, contacts, texts, and emails. If security is important to you, iOS 10.3.1 is probably worth a download right now.   1 / 13 One Response 05/03/2017 Gustavo Reply redundant, irrelevant Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: Installing macOS Sierra step-by-step [Video] Trending in Apple Here’s how Apple could easily solve its Touch ID ‘problem’ on the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Opinion: We may now be just two or three years away from an iPhone replacing a DSLR Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: hardware and performance results [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 153.01 4.05 Siri Speaker Wishlist: hi-fi audio, multi-user control, HomeKit features, more Zac Hall - May. 8th 2017 10:06 am PT @apollozac WWDC 2017 Siri Siri Speaker View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit As someone who enjoys testing new gadgets, I’ve been very tempted at times to purchase and try both the Amazon Echo and Google Home voice assistant speakers. Rumors of an Apple version have convinced me to hold off, however, and it’s possible once again that we may soon see Apple’s take on the category. Amazon Echo and Google Home both offer features that I’d like, but there are things I do with Siri on my iPhone and Apple Watch that only a Siri Speaker would offer. Here’s my Siri Speaker wishlist: Sony A6500 For starters, I hope we actually see the so-called Siri Speaker introduced at WWDC next month. Reliable supply chain analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities wrote last week that there’s a greater than 50% chance we’ll see the Siri Speaker announced at WWDC, but that leaves a lot of room for no such announcement. Siri Speaker is also said to be manufactured by Inventec, which is currently the sole manufacturer for Apple AirPods … which are still backordered by six weeks after roughly six months on the market. If the so-called Siri Speaker is ready to be shown on stage but not ready to ship, Apple could always preview it alongside an expanded SiriKit with more capabilities for developers than Siri offers today and release it later in the year. There’s no existing Siri Speaker to take sales from and in turn Apple could potentially spoil a few Amazon Echo and Google Home purchases. One message you often hear ahead of WWDC is that it’s not a hardware event, however, so should that be a clue that we won’t see Siri Speaker next month? Maybe, but Apple has used WWDC to introduce hardware in the past (Retina MacBook Pro, Mac Pro preview, older iPhones before the fall launch shift). Just guessing in the dark, I would imagine it is more likely that we’ll see Siri Speaker previewed and not released for WWDC, but I hope I’m surprised and Siri Speaker is something we can purchase soon after Apple’s keynote next month. Based on Ming-Chi Kuo’s latest research note, it sounds like Siri Speaker will use audio quality as a key selling point thanks to seven tweeters and a subwoofer. Amazon Echo makes for an OK music speaker, but it’s not pitched as a hi-fi speaker by any means. Siri Speaker could take a more premium position in the market by boasting better audio quality while using Apple Music as a service made for it. This line of thinking makes me question the name we assign the rumored voice assistant speaker: Siri Speaker. If Apple markets the device as a hi-fi wireless speaker for streaming Apple Music more like what Sonos offers that just happens to feature Siri, is it really a Siri Speaker or might Apple go with something more general like say Apple Speaker? At any rate, I personally hope Siri Speaker offers integration with existing Sonos speakers. Apple Music integrates with Sonos speakers with a controller app on iOS and macOS, but there’s no Siri integration. Compare that to Amazon Echo which will work with Spotify for easy multi-room playback through Sonos speakers. ‘Siri, play My New Music Mix on the living room and office speakers.’ I would be all in if this could work with Siri Speaker and Sonos speakers. I think it’s possible given that Apple Music and Sonos already work together and Apple recently started selling Sonos speakers in Apple Stores, but I suppose it’s also possible that Siri-controlled multi-room Apple Music playback could be limited to multiple Siri Speakers. We’ll see… Siri Speaker will be a shared device used in shared spaces so voice profiles will be essential to a great experience. Take Reminders for example. If I say ‘Siri, remind me to call mom on Sunday’ I’ll want it to go to my Reminders list based on my voice. If my wife says the same command, ideally the entry would be added to her Reminders list. Going back to the music focus, even using a command like ‘Siri, play My Favorites Mix on Apple Music’ would ideally work for more than one user. User profiles could be used as a fallback, too, if voice identification doesn’t work 100% of the time. A command like ‘Hey Siri, it’s Zac, add shrimp pasta to my recipes Note’ could work. In terms of what Siri could do on a speaker without a display (assuming Siri Speaker is voice-only), try activating Siri on your iPhone from headphones. Siri becomes more verbose than when activated from the Home button since it doesn’t know if you’re eyes-free or not. I really want a Siri Speaker to be my always-listening, always-present HomeKit controller for the smart accessories around my house too. My wife and I share our HomeKit profile so we can both use the Home app and Siri on our devices to control lights, temperature, and more. Having a Siri Speaker in the living room could instantly share the same access easily with our guests. I think talking to a Siri Speaker is more natural and much easier than sharing access through the Home app with a guest who may or may not even have an iPhone, not to mention the learning curve of using the Home app. Have a babysitter over for the night or family visiting from out of town? Just tell them to talk to the Siri Speaker naturally to control HomeKit accessories. Optionally, you could have a mode that only allows known voices to control accessories. Voices that aren’t recognized could be prevented from controlling any HomeKit devices. Siri Speaker could also be one more option for a HomeKit hub. HomeKit currently relies on an Apple TV or iPad running iOS 10 to be present for remote access and automation, but Siri Speaker could be a solution as well. Siri Speaker with a great music experience, multi-user support, and easy HomeKit control is exactly what I want. Others hope Siri Speaker might be a more comprehensive product that includes networking features and more. I would guess based on the rumors that the audio focus is all Apple will use to make its product standout from Amazon Echo and Google Home, but I do believe there could be an opportunity for more Siri-enabled products. If audio is the focus and Siri is just along for the ride, you can apply the same formula to standalone routers, home security cameras, and more. Just like how we’re already starting to see thermostats with Alexa built-in, we could potentially see a range of AirPort routers and future HomeKit devices from Apple with Siri built-in. Again, based on the rumors today, I would guess that a Siri Speaker is the only thing coming out of the product pipeline anytime soon. But if the product is a hit, it could make room for future variations. So far Apple has expressed that it views Siri on the iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch, and Apple TV as all you need from a voice assistant. The benefit of this approach is that Siri goes where you go versus being tied down to a room, but I still remain curious about the benefits of an always-present, always-listening version of Siri for the home and family too. Sneaking Siri into a hi-fi speaker would certainly let Apple compete with Amazon and Google in this space without backing away from the current approach too. Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides Siri View THe Guide Siri Speaker View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: Installing macOS Sierra step-by-step [Video] Trending in Apple Here’s how Apple could easily solve its Touch ID ‘problem’ on the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Opinion: We may now be just two or three years away from an iPhone replacing a DSLR Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: hardware and performance results [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 153.01 4.05 Apple’s Workflow for iOS restores Chrome actions, adds Apple Music features Greg Barbosa - May. 8th 2017 10:34 am PT @gregbarbosa Automation Workflow View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Workflow, the automation app recently acquired by Apple, has just released a new update with bug fixes and the return of Google Chrome and Pocket functionality. The actions which were originally pulled after the Apple acquisition, were added alongside the introduction of two new Apple Music features. Following the acquisition, Apple made Workflow free and began refunding recent purchases of the app.  Soon after, the team behind Workflow made it clear that no further updates would be seen in the foreseeable future. That makes today’s update a small, but welcome surprise. In the 1.7.4 update of Workflow, users will once again be able to use the Google Chrome and Pocket actions. For Chrome, this means being able to open specific URLs in the app. For Pocket, this means adding items or getting items from the Pocket reading list. The new Apple Music actions added today bring the ability to both add and clear Apple Music’s Up Next queue. Combining these with a set of actions in Workflow can help automators quickly create Up Next playlists. ‘The reports of my death were greatly exaggerated.’https://t.co/D3P5DOWrMR — Myke Hurley (@imyke) May 8, 2017   From Workflow’s What’s New page, today’s Cookies & Cream Popcorn update brings: Bug fixes and improvements Restored the Google Chrome and Pocket actions Add music to your Up Next queue with the Add Music to Up Next and Clear Up Next actions’ Workflow is available for free from the iOS App Store and is compatible with both iPad and iPhone. Greg Barbosa @gregbarbosa Greg Barbosa is the Product Manager at Electrek, 9to5Google, 9to5Mac, and 9to5Toys and a writer for 9to5Mac. Favorite Gear iPhone 7 Plus, 128GB (Jet Black) Peel iPhone 7 Plus Case 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (2.9GHz i7, 16GB RAM, Radeon Pro 460, 1TB storage) Guides Automation View THe Guide Workflow View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Tuesday, May 09, 2017 As of 4:39 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Technology Apple iPhone 8 to launch in September, on sale in October By Alvin Alcalde @ULB1N on May 09 2017 3:48 AM 0 0 0 0 An Apple iPhone 7 and the company logo are seen in this illustration picture taken in Bordeaux, France, February 1, 2017 Reuters/Regis Duvignau Apple is reportedly going to launch the iPhone 8 in September and start selling units of the new smartphone in October. The new report debunks previous accounts that suggested that the tech titan was going to experience supply shortages. Just a couple of weeks ago, there were some buzz that Apple isn’t likely going to make the usual September launch of the new iPhone. The reason behind the delay was supposedly the production problems that an OLED iPhone demands. What’s more, the tenth anniversary handset was apparently going to be inadequate in supply to end 2017. It was previously said that the iPhone 8’s production may start as late as October, or even November. It certainly wasn’t good news to Apple aficionados that expect a new iPhone to be unveiled around August or September. “Severe supply shortages” were reportedly going to continue for an extended amount of time and cap whole shipments of the new iPhone’s units in the latter part of this year. According to a new report, though, the upcoming iPhone is right on schedule. Units of the new handset are apparently going to commence production in time for a September launch. And Apple is said to start selling the decennial handset in October. “Upstream to downstream suppliers in the iPhone supply chains – including Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC), SLP (substrate-like PCB) makers Zhen Ding Technology and Kinsus Interconnect Technology and battery supplier Simplo Technology – are ready to ramp up related iPhone parts starting June,” stated the EDN report as originally quoted by Digitimes. “TSMC will begin to fabricate the wafer starts needed for the production of A11 processes on June 10 and to deliver the chips in volume quantity in the second half of July.” Kinsus and Zhen Ding both have apparently been able to boost the yield rates of SLP products, making it possible for volume production of the materials by June. The assemblers of the upcoming iPhone 8 handsets – including Foxconn Electronics, Pegatron and Winstron – are also reportedly speeding up the recruitment and training of new labour personnel in China to prepare for the new iPhone’s mass production. KGI Securities’ Ming-Chi Kuo previously projected that the new handset’s shipments could reach up to 110 million in the latter part of 2017. The analyst, however, stated that a worst case scenario involving 80 million or 90 million shipments is more likely to occur. The Apple iPhone 8 base model with 64 GB storage could possibly sell for US$850 (AU$1,150) while the 256 GB variant could be available between US$950 (AU$1,285) and US$1,000 (AU$1,350). RELATED STORIES: Apple Watch soars: Apple now world's number one wearables seller Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Apple iPhone 7 camera review and comparison [VIDEO] Apple MacBook plastic model now labelled obsolete, some iPhones too Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Apple Watch hasn’t lived up to expectations after two years Apple iPhone 8 could start production in November; September launch highly unlikely Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 $20,000 visa allows parents of migrants in Australia for 10 years 0 Shares 2 ‘MasterChef Australia 2017’ update: 'Brain-fade' and plate smash eliminate first Season 9 contestant 0 Shares 3 Tasmania and WA cannabis companies to be fully-functional by 2018 0 Shares 4 ‘Outlander’ season 3 ‘heard on the set’ 0 Shares 5 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Diana Gabaldon explains Rollo casting 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ season 3: New pictures from Cape Town 0 Shares 7 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Night shoots 0 Shares 8 ‘Outlander’ star Sam Heughan shares new picture 0 Shares 9 ‘Pokemon GO’ micro-event fails to hit the right chord 0 Shares 10 ‘Vikings’ season 5: Cast members undergo ‘physically tough battle scenes’; Lagertha has bloody and beaten up face 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed NT okays $800m Northern Gas Pipeline, Jemena poised to solve Australia's gas crisis Caltex Australia announces $20 million fund to compensate underpaid employees Back to the old fashioned way: Sales of physical books rise, E-book revenue falls Mike Pence assures Trump’s tax reform will benefit Australia Manufacturers get $100-million fund as automotive producers leave Australia Qantas crowned Australia’s most attractive employer More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance FDA to require restaurants to post nutritional info for their menu starting May 5 Melania Trump welcomes Queen Rania of Jordan, heads to an all-girls school Pump hydro storage can help build 100 percent renewable energy grid Study shows Western Australians are unhappiest at work; older, female employees are more satisfied Egyptians unite after church bombing; Abdel Fatah el-Sisi declares state of emergency Trump to visit China; Xi approves 100-day trade talks plan More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Kyle Lowry opting out to pursue NBA title dream Warriors vs Jazz: How to watch, live stream Golden State-Utah Game 4 online, TV channel, start time Rod Laver explains why Roger Federer can beat Rafael Nadal at 2017 French Open Jason Taylor will get shot at revenge against Wests Tigers next month 2017 NBA Playoffs: Golden State Warriors coast to Western Conference finals Nene Hilario done for the season with groin injury More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More 'Tekken x Street Fighter' may resume development Fitbit wearable specs revealed 'Red Dead Redemption 2' PC compatibility will not be announced soon Facebook denies targeting young Australians, Kiwis based on their emotional state Xbox One and Xbox 360 Deals With Gold until May 9 announced: ‘Street Fighter X Tekken’ and ‘DmC: Definitive Edition’ among the best deals Gaming writer Chet Falizek parts amicably with Valve, ‘Half-Life 3’ future bleaker More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design 'Avengers: Infinity War' may introduce new generation of Avengers Marvel may re-acquire film rights with 'Spider-Man: Homecoming' James Gunn hints 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3' release date ‘The Last Kingdom’: Exclusive interview with Alexander Dreymon '13 Reasons Why' season 2: What to expect One more character may not make it to the second season of 'Riverdale' More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS US Edition Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides Samsung Galaxy S8 iPhone 8 LG G6 Project Scorpio Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus VPN News iPhone 8’s rumored rear-facing Touch ID is a red flag for Apple’s 10 year anniversary iPhone 8’s rumored rear-facing Touch ID is a red flag for Apple’s 10 year anniversary By James Peckham Mobile phones   Opinion: Maybe the iPhone 8 won’t be all it’s cracked up to be Shares This year is the 10th anniversary of the original iPhone launch, and Apple will want to mark the occasion by releasing its best iPhone ever - but the latest rumor has me worried that it won't be everything we've come to expect. The word from an analyst at CLSA says the iPhone 8 will come with an edge-to-edge display, but the Touch ID fingerprint scanner will move to the rear of the phone to make it possible. If that’s true, it means Apple’s touted plan to put the fingerprint scanner under the screen of the iPhone 8 won't be ready in time - a move which if it could pull off, would surely propel the handset to stardom. It seems then, Apple may not have prepped itself enough to make the iPhone 8 the all-singing, all-dancing device some have tipped it to be. After the lukewarm reception of the iPhone 7 – a phone that ended up being an 'iPhone 6S...S' of sorts – I'm expecting big things from the next edition, but this isn't the first sign that things may not be on track at Cupertino. Fingers crossed Something similar may have happened to Samsung with the Galaxy S8. The company wanted to place the scanner under the screen, but it instead opted for the rear with reports claiming that the tech wasn't ready for the phone's launch back in March. Moving the scanner to the back of the new iPhone won’t necessarily be a problem for users though, especially those potentially put off by negative reports of the placement of the sensor on the Galaxy S8, which was rushed into a tricky to reach position.  LG, Huawei and Google have all managed to get the positioning right, and if Apple is ready to move the scanner to the back of the iPhone 8’s design I'm certain it won’t mess it up. The fingerprint scanner on the rear of the LG G6 is easy to hit Uh oh... OLED Another big upgrade slated for the iPhone 8 is the introduction of an OLED display. Until now, Apple has only used LCD screens on its phones, so this move would mark the company's first foray into the display tech that is common-place place on rival devices such as the Samsung Galaxy S8. However, it seems this is something else Apple may be struggling with. Some leaks have suggested Apple is floundering in its attempts to source the screen tech it needs for the iPhone 8. If Apple flounders on these two rumored big-ticket upgrades and the iPhone 8 doesn't have another showstopping feature it's uncertain if we'll even see a third top-end iPhone in 2017 after all. A rumor suggesting the addition of 3D facial recognition could signal the way forward for the iPhone 8, but that's unlikely to be enough to entice some Apple fans to upgrade. The potential bad news doesn't stop there either, as noted Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has highlighted another potential issue with the iPhone 8 - saying production of the special edition iPhone is two months behind schedule. I'm not writing Apple off - even Tim Cook has begun teasing the iPhone 8 -  but the latest rumors don't look great for anyone holding out to upgrade to Apple’s next big flagship device.  If any company can pull it around, surely it is the world's richest firm - and I'm hoping Apple does. Everything we know so far about the iPhone 8 Related news With $20,000 worth of GPUs, you could run the ultimate HTC Vive LAN party Best iPad apps 2017: download these now Invoke Cortana speaker: release date, news and rumors The best free photo editor 2017 See more Mobile phones news Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Samsung Galaxy S8 review 2 The best free VPN 2017 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors 4 iPhone 8 release date, news and rumors 5 Best smartwatch: the top smartwatches you can buy in 2017 1 iPhone 8’s rumored rear-facing Touch ID is a red flag for Apple’s 10 year anniversary 2 7 important things Tim Cook just said about iPhone 8 and the future of technology 3 Transform your business with personalized wireless communications 4 The best free photo editor 2017 5 Don't panic: iPhone 8 release is reportedly right on schedule TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
NCAA NFL MLB Recruiting More Sports Fantasy Military Fishing Hunting Living Membership Tickets App Teams NCAA Football HQ FB Recruiting NCAA Basketball HQ BK Recruiting Tailgating Teams NFL HQ Draft Rankings Fantasy Tailgating Teams MLB HQ Transactions Scouting Top Prospects FB Recruiting HQ FB Prospects FB Commits FB Team Rankings JC Football BK Recruiting HQ BK Prospects BK Commits BK Team Rankings High School Sports NBA Golf Cleveland Sports Rankings Fantasy HQ Tools Daily Fantasy Forums Play Join Warrior The latest news and tech from the field of combat. North American Fisherman Fishing news and video from NAF. Wired2Fish Gear reviews, guides, and how-to videos for serious anglers. Fishhound Tracking all things fishing...all the time. North American Hunter Hunting news, video, and gear reviews from NAH. Gear News and reviews on the hottest gear, fastest cars, and latest tech. Build Gear reviews and how-to guides for the handyman. Tailgate Recipes, games, and guides for American's fastest-growing sport. Garden Tips and tricks for landscaping and lawn care. Cook Recipes and tutorial videos. SCOUT Sign In Forums News All Draft Free Agency Team Info Roster Stats Schedule Transactions Upcoming Events Stats Standings Scoreboard Team Stats Player Stats Free Agency Draft Rankings Combine Senior Bowl Mock Muncher Fantasy Tickets Shop Join USA TODAY Sports DRC Will Likely See Reduced Role in 2017 Alexander Wilson Yesterday at 10:13 AM The development of second-year player Eli Apple will prove to be the catalyst behind Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie seeing a reduced role in 2017. Last season, Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie saw a reduced role on the New York Giants defense as rookie Eli Apple supplanted him on the outside.  DRC is currently running on a 5-year, $35 million contract with a $10 million signing bonus and $13.98 million guaranteed, according to Spotrac.com. He is going into his fourth-season with Big Blue and will look to find a place in the starting lineup in 2017.   Embed from Getty Images  ?With multiple corner backs leaving in free agency, and the Giants choosing to sign only one reserve corner in ex-Tennessee Titan Valentino Blake, they will surely be utilizing Rodgers-Cromartie early and often.  DRC excelled in the slot position in 2016, and will probably be designated to that spot again in 2017. Ultimately, he is a super-star backup player with an extra gear that makes him dangerous.    MUST READ: What will be Sterling Shepard's role in 2017?   Spagnuolo wants to give Eli Apple a majority of the reps, so that he can continue to grow and develop into the star he is destined to be.   Let’s just hope that Apple's animated mother doesn't ruin his reputation with the Giants.   Currently on the roster, the Giants have three starting quality corner backs in DRC, Apple and Janoris Jenkins. With these three studs trotting out onto the field on Sunday's, there is a sense of fear in the air from opposing quarterbacks.    CAN'T MISS: Analyzing the NFC East' best draft picks   With the subsequent return of Darian Thompson locking up the safety position, the Giants defense is primed to be one of the best in the league.  Last season, the Giants' team saw a major decrease in injuries after bringing on Aaron Wellman as their strength and conditioning coach.  If the trend continues, Big Blue could be looking at a Super Bowl caliber defense.     Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter Trending on Scout Kenta Maeda Gives Strong Start SF Giants Still Waiting for May Flowers Franz Beard's Thoughts of the Day; May 9 Commit Analysis: UT's High-Ceiling OT Pledge Cruz: Manning has to 'own up' to emails Share & Embed 2019 DB Moses Douglass Lands Bama Offer Full Story The Giants Beat Top Stories Manning to Rookie QB Webb: Don't call me sirThe veteran QB appreciated the respect the young gunslinger showed him, but Eli Manning wants to stay on a first name basis. by Sara Stanley The Giants BeatYesterday at 9:19 AM Cruz: Manning has to 'own up' to emailsThe Giants wide receiver didn't exactly come to the defense of his former QB. by Alex Evans The Giants BeatYesterday at 8:27 AM What Role Will Sterling Shepard Play in 2017? Former Oklahoma star receiver Sterling Shepard has his work cut out for him in 2017. The New York Giants schedule is one of the most difficult in the league, so Shepard will have… by Alexander Wilson The Giants BeatFriday at 10:25 AM Giants Minicamp: 3 Players to Watch The Giants Beat takes a look at the three players to keep an eye on once minicamp gets underway. by Sara Stanley The Giants BeatFriday at 10:16 AM Best Draft Picks of the NFC East The NFC East is going to be competitive, and with the new additions through the draft it's going to make for an exciting season. by Alexander Wilson The Giants BeatWednesday at 1:23 PM Draft Comparison: '17 class to '16 class By most estimates the Giants addressed many of their most pressing needs, but it will be hard for their rookies to outperform last year's draft class. by Alex Evans The Giants BeatWednesday at 1:12 PM Best and Worst Picks from the Giants draft The NFL draft was composed of great picks, decent picks, and bad picks. The New York Giants had their fair share of speculative choices, but they also had a few gems.  by Alexander Wilson The Giants Beat05/02/2017 3 Things We Learned from the Giants Draft The Giants Beat reveals the three biggest takeaways from the Giants 2017 draft. by Sara Stanley The Giants Beat05/01/2017 Grading the Giants Draft: Avery Moss The small school product looks like make the roster during training camp. by Sara Stanley The Giants Beat05/01/2017 Grading the Giants Draft: Rounds 4-7 The New York Giants addressed multiple holes on offensive side of the ball in rounds 4-7. Acquiring Adam Bisnowaty, Avery Moss and Wayne Gallman. by Alexander Wilson The Giants Beat05/01/2017 Adam Bisnowaty: 'I'm a nasty football player' The offensive lineman out of the University of Pittsburgh didn't mince words when describing his playing style. by Dean Roventini The Giants Beat05/01/2017Load More NCAA Teams Forums Basketball BB Recruiting Football FB Recruiting JC Football NFL Teams Forums Fantasy News Free Agents Draft MLB Teams Forums News Top Prospects Scouting Home Handy Cooking Gardening Tailgater More Hunting Fishing Warrior Golf NBA High School Other App Membership Tickets CBS Sports Sign In Sign Up 247 SportsCBS Sports Digital Back To Top Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Feed About Advertisers Press Help Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Careers © 2017 Scout.com All rights reserved Javascript must be enabled to view this page.
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read French election results: Macron’s victory in charts Emmanuel Macron sweeps to victory in French presidential election Team Macron: a mix of youthful energy and wise heads France turns to parliamentary battle after Macron victory French stocks and euro ease after Macron wins election US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies Most Read Foreign students shun US over Trump Trump visa crackdown spurs tech moves to Mexico Trump was warned about Flynn’s Russian blackmail risk Less is more when it comes to Federal Reserve policy Duterte plays cat-and-mouse game with US and China Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Volkswagen plans to ‘leapfrog’ Tesla in electric car race Warnings of staff relocations after Brexit rise sharply Goldman shakes up investment bank leadership Brexit process will expose basic weakness in European banking ChemChina and Sinochem plan merger Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Italy’s bad debt problem refuses to go away Risk of dollar shortage hits investors’ radar French stocks and euro ease after Macron wins election Euro and stocks slip after French election result Opec and Russia poised to roll over oil output cuts Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read The lean and mean approach of 3G Capital Why Emmanuel Macron matters to the whole world Emmanuel Macron sets his sights on economic and eurozone reforms We can deliver a Brexit deal that works for all Oil: the market finds that the Sheikh has no clothes Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read There is nothing cute about innumeracy Harvard and its business school acolytes are due a rethink Artificial intelligence closes in on the work of junior lawyers Nationality grants open doors to MBA hopefuls Elite athletes on fast track to business school Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read The charm of Mme Macron: a little bit of Essex in the Elysée Palace Did South Park accidentally invent the alt-right? The siege of western liberalism What To Do When Machines Do Everything by Malcolm Frank et al, Paul Roehrig, and Ben Pring One suitcase, two lives: the rise of the weekly commuter Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to read: Financial Times Apple receives $1tn valuation call from Drexel Hamilton Already a subscriber? Sign in here Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week * Select Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week. You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week * Select Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week. You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week * Select Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week. You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks * Select Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for per week. You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend Paper + Premium Digital Weekend App Edition Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services FT Live Share News Tips Securely Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio Today's Newspaper (ePaper) Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Close Financial Times International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio Today's Newspaper (ePaper) Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Apps & Software Image Source: Vianney le Masne Two headlining iOS 11 features may have just leaked Yoni Heisler @edibleapple May 8th, 2017 at 12:20 PM Share Tweet Remember the good old days when it seemed like every new iOS feature worth knowing about leaked in the months and weeks ahead of WWDC? These days, iOS leaks are few and far in between; apparently Tim Cook made good on his promise to double down on product secrecy, the avalanche of iPhone 8 rumors notwithstanding. With May already in full swing, Apple’s annual developers conference is now less than a month away and we know remarkably little about what types of features Apple is planning to add with iOS 11. Sure, we’ve seen scattered reports about Apple’s plans to roll out an enhanced version of Siri along with support for multi-user video chats in FaceTime, but more varied details about the next-gen version of iOS have been hard to track down. Don't Miss: Amazon just discounted the Echo for the first time in 2017 Until now. A few weeks ago, a Reddit user with the handle cyanhat posted a number of interesting rumors about some surprise features Apple has in store for iOS 11. The thread was quickly deleted but a tipster managed to direct us to a screenshot of the retired post. Per usual, iOS rumors should be taken with a grain of salt, but the detailed rumors below are certainly plausible, and some of them even jibe with previous rumblings from the rumor mill. The most intriguing tidbit claims that Apple with iOS 11 will enable users to make peer-to-peer payments via Apple Pay. Not only will this help transform the iPhone into a true digital wallet, it will also help Apple compete with a number of increasingly popular payment apps such as Venmo and Square Cash. If there’s a cashless revolution afoot, you better believe that Apple wants to be a part of it. “Apple is completely revamping the Wallet app and adding social functionality,” the rumor reads. “There will be a social feed, just like Venmo. The new Wallet app will also have an iMessage module that allows you to send cash via iMessage.” The odds of Apple actually implementing this in iOS 11 is arguably quite high. In fact, it’s no secret that Apple has been working on this feature for quite some time. You might even remember that support for peer-to-peer payments was a feature Apple was reportedly hoping to integrate into last year’s iOS 10 release. The next iOS 11 rumor is rather interesting. It holds that iOS 11 will make FaceTime Audio the “default calling method for iPhone users.” The obvious upside is that FaceTime Audio is incredibly crisp and delivers far superior audio than your standard cell connection. FaceTime Audio was originally introduced with iOS 7 but it still seems to be a feature that most iPhone users are wholly unaware of. The slight downside to incorporating FaceTime Audio as the default calling method is that it eats up your data, albeit not in significant portions. FaceTime Audio users can expect to use a little less than 1MB of data for every minute on the phone, which seems reasonable. Presumably, Apple will allow users to turn the FaceTime Audio default setting off for anyone with more limited data plans. Another reported iOS 11 feature in the works is a more intelligent low-power battery mode that will be more contextually aware. Here’s how hit works. If you leave your home wifi network and you have 20% or less, it will turn on low power mode automatically. Since you left your home wifi,  your phone know that you’re not near your charger. This obviously makes the assumption that you don’t have a charger in your car, etc. But it’s pretty smart. This feature is still being debated by the engineers and may actually not ship. And last but not least, the report claims that Apple with iOS 11 will incorporate support for group video chats via FaceTime, with support for up to 5 concurrent users. As for other iOS 11 rumors making the rounds, there have been a few rumblings that  Apple this year may finally introduce a Dark Model option. Additionally, iOS 11 is said to include a number of intriguing new augmented reality features that will reportedly only be available on the iPhone 8. With WWDC right around the corner, we can only imagine that an influx of iOS 11 rumors will begin coming down the pipeline sooner rather than later. Tags: Apple, iOS 11 View Comments Trending 1 Entertainment Niantic just made a major change to stop Pokemon Go cheaters 2 Tech Leak reveals a new version of the Galaxy S8 that’s about to launch 3 Tech T-Mobile quietly killed one of its longest-running promos 4 Tech The OnePlus 5 launches this summer, and this might be our first blurry look at it 5 Tech iPhone 8 release will propel Apple to new heights Picked For You New report says the iPhone 8 isn’t delayed at all By Chris Smith May 8th at 7:45 AM iPhone 8 release will propel Apple to new heights By Yoni Heisler May 8th at 9:00 PM T-Mobile quietly killed one of its longest-running promos By Chris Mills May 8th at 7:18 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Markets » News Top funds underperform benchmarks in 2017 Business Standard Apple beats Sensex in market capitalisation The 30% gain in Apple shares this year has taken its m-cap to nearly $800 bn Pavan Burugula  |  Mumbai  May 9, 2017 Last Updated at 01:14 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVfpUH A customer buys the new iPhone 7 smartphone inside an Apple Inc. store in Los Angeles (Photo: Reuters) ALSO READ Warren Buffet's bets on American behemoths M-cap of BSE listed companies hit new high Apple AirPods review: Seamless connectivity without wires Berkshire Hathaway's top 10 investments India nears $2-trillion market capitalisation club as Sensex crosses 30k The recent rally in the share price of Apple Inc has taken the market capitalisation of the technology giant to more than $797 billion at 10 PM IST, making it bigger than the combined market cap of all the 30 Sensex companies put together. India’s bluechip index closed at a market cap of $784 billion, based on Monday's share prices. Apple, the most valuable company in the world, is the only company to have a higher market cap than that of the Sensex companies together. The Sensex accounts for 40 per cent of India’s total market cap. Apple is also larger than the market cap of countries like Brazil, Singapore, Spain, and Malaysia.  In the league of companies with the top market cap, Apple is followed by Alphabet Inc and Microsoft, which have a market cap of $651 billion and $530 billion, respectively. Despite reporting lower than expected earnings, shares of Apple went up by 3.7 per cent last week, pushing its market cap to record highs.  The rally in Apple was triggered by ace investor Warren Buffett’s statement that he had more than doubled his firm Berkshire Hathaway’s stake in Apple. His firm currently owns a 2.5 per cent stake in the technology giant. Expressing his confidence in the company despite softer sales in the recent past, Buffett said consumer loyalty for Apple was huge and hence there was nothing to worry. Apple has gained 32 per cent year to date. During the previous quarter, Apple added another $10 billion to its cash reserves, taking them to $256.8 billion, larger than the market capitalisation of General Electric (GE). This is roughly the size of the Indian mid-cap index in terms of market value. Read More On Apple | Bse Sensex | Market Capitalisation | M-cap | Warren Buffett | Apple Shares | Indian Markets | Apple Inc | Markets | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Apple beats Sensex in market capitalisation The 30% gain in Apple shares this year has taken its m-cap to nearly $800 bn The 30% gain in Apple shares this year has taken its m-cap to nearly $800 bn The recent rally in the share price of Apple Inc has taken the market capitalisation of the technology giant to more than $797 billion at 10 PM IST, making it bigger than the combined market cap of all the 30 Sensex companies put together. India’s bluechip index closed at a market cap of $784 billion, based on Monday's share prices. Apple, the most valuable company in the world, is the only company to have a higher market cap than that of the Sensex companies together. The Sensex accounts for 40 per cent of India’s total market cap. Apple is also larger than the market cap of countries like Brazil, Singapore, Spain, and Malaysia.  In the league of companies with the top market cap, Apple is followed by Alphabet Inc and Microsoft, which have a market cap of $651 billion and $530 billion, respectively. Despite reporting lower than expected earnings, shares of Apple went up by 3.7 per cent last week, pushing its market cap to record highs.  The rally in Apple was triggered by ace investor Warren Buffett’s statement that he had more than doubled his firm Berkshire Hathaway’s stake in Apple. His firm currently owns a 2.5 per cent stake in the technology giant. Expressing his confidence in the company despite softer sales in the recent past, Buffett said consumer loyalty for Apple was huge and hence there was nothing to worry. Apple has gained 32 per cent year to date. During the previous quarter, Apple added another $10 billion to its cash reserves, taking them to $256.8 billion, larger than the market capitalisation of General Electric (GE). This is roughly the size of the Indian mid-cap index in terms of market value. Pavan Burugula Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Apple beats Sensex in market capitalisation The 30% gain in Apple shares this year has taken its m-cap to nearly $800 bn The recent rally in the share price of Apple Inc has taken the market capitalisation of the technology giant to more than $797 billion at 10 PM IST, making it bigger than the combined market cap of all the 30 Sensex companies put together. India’s bluechip index closed at a market cap of $784 billion, based on Monday's share prices. Apple, the most valuable company in the world, is the only company to have a higher market cap than that of the Sensex companies together. The Sensex accounts for 40 per cent of India’s total market cap. Apple is also larger than the market cap of countries like Brazil, Singapore, Spain, and Malaysia.  In the league of companies with the top market cap, Apple is followed by Alphabet Inc and Microsoft, which have a market cap of $651 billion and $530 billion, respectively. Despite reporting lower than expected earnings, shares of Apple went up by 3.7 per cent last week, pushing its market cap to record highs.  The rally in Apple was triggered by ace investor Warren Buffett’s statement that he had more than doubled his firm Berkshire Hathaway’s stake in Apple. His firm currently owns a 2.5 per cent stake in the technology giant. Expressing his confidence in the company despite softer sales in the recent past, Buffett said consumer loyalty for Apple was huge and hence there was nothing to worry. Apple has gained 32 per cent year to date. During the previous quarter, Apple added another $10 billion to its cash reserves, taking them to $256.8 billion, larger than the market capitalisation of General Electric (GE). This is roughly the size of the Indian mid-cap index in terms of market value. Pavan Burugula Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: A Foolish Take: Which Companies Dominate the Wearables Market? These five companies control about 60% of the worldwide wearables market. Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) May 8, 2017 at 12:00PM When Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) launched Apple Watch in April 2015, many analysts believed that it would turn the niche market of smartwatches into a mainstream one. Yet initial shipments missed expectations, and the wearables market remained a specialty one, splintered between low-end fitness trackers, midrange sports performance devices, and pricier smartwatches. But according to research firm IDC, that market is still growing. IDC recently reported that shipments of all wearable devices worldwide rose 16.9% year over year to 33.9 million during the fourth quarter of 2016, with Fitbit (NYSE:FIT), Xiaomi, Apple, Garmin (NASDAQ:GRMN) and Samsung leading the market. Data source: IDC. Chart by author. IDC reports that only Fitbit and Garmin posted declines during the quarter. Xiaomi's market share grew more than 6 percentage points on sales of its cheap Mi Band devices in China. Meanwhile, Apple benefited from the launch of its Watch Series 2 last September, and Samsung gained ground with its Gear S3 Classic and Frontier devices. However, the rest of the market remains fragmented, with smaller players all vying for a piece of the pie. But there's still room for these companies to grow -- IDC estimates that worldwide wearables shipments will rise from 102.4 million in 2016 to 213.6 million in 2020. Offer from The Motley Fool: The 10 best stocks to buy now Motley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent more than a decade beating the market. In fact, the newsletter they run, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the S&P 500!* Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for investors to buy right now. Click here to get access to the full list! *Stock Advisor returns as of 5/1/2017. Leo Sun has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Fitbit. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info May 8, 2017 at 12:00PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $153.01 up $4.05 (2.72%) Garmin NASDAQ:GRMN $51.96 down $0.53 (-1.01%) Fitbit NYSE:FIT $6.34 up $0.19 (3.09%) Read More Apple Inc.'s Mac Accelerates Its Rebound Is This Crazy Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor Likely to Be True? A Noted Investing Guru Has Some Advice for Apple Apple Inc.'s iPad Does Better Than Expected Apple Shouldn't Buy Netflix: Here's Why Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current A Foolish Take: Which Companies Dominate the Wearables Market? @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $GRMN, $FIT
Insider Picks BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 A little-known service makes it easy to get money for old Apple gadgets you don't want anymore Brandt Ranj, Insider Picks May 8, 2017, 1:00 PM 2,039 facebook linkedin twitter email print The Insider Picks team writes about stuff we think you'll like. Business Insider has affiliate partnerships, so we get a share of the revenue from your purchase. William Wei, Business Insider It's difficult to know what to do with old tech. Throwing it away seems wasteful, but if you've already upgraded to something new and don't have anyone to hand it down to, sticking your old phone or tablet in a drawer isn't doing anyone any good either. If you'd rather get some money for your out-of-date gadgets instead, you should consider using Gazelle. Gazelle is a trade-in service that removes a lot of the friction from selling your tech online. Traditionally, online auctions and sales require you to set up the transaction and deal with any bumps if something goes wrong. That process is simplified significantly when using Gazelle. Using their "Smart Sell" section, you choose the product you'd like to trade in: smartphones (Apple or Android), tablets (Apple or Android), iPods, or Apple computers. Then you choose the specific model (iPhone 6S, Samsung Galaxy S6, etc.) its storage capacity, which carrier its on (if applicable), and its condition. From there you're given an "offer," which you have one month to accept. This one-month window can be used as a hedge, since the prices Gazelle will pay for your gadgets are reduced as newer ones are released. Timed correctly, you can lock in a higher sell rate just before the announcement of something new, and put the extra money toward your next tech purchase. If you accept Gazelle's offer, you're e-mailed a shipping slip, and your gadget is sent off for inspection. Once inspected, you can opt to receive your payment via PayPal, Amazon gift card, or check. The entire process should take between two to three weeks, which isn't bad when you consider how hands-off the experience is.  There's a good chance you could make more money by selling your gadgets yourself, but using Gazelle is far more convenient. I've sold a lot of stuff online over the past few years and have run into many aggravating situations. Sometimes it's worth taking a slight financial hit for the sake of convenience.  If you have a drawer with an old phone or tablet sitting in it, there's a good chance you could use Gazelle to save yourself some space — and make a little money. It might not be enough to totally pay off your next tech purchase, but it's definitely better than nothing.   Check out Gazelle here >> If you want to see more from Insider Picks, we're collecting emails for an upcoming newsletter. You'll be the first to hear about the stuff we cover. Click here to sign up . Disclosure: This post is brought to you by Business Insider's Insider Picks team. We aim to highlight products and services you might find interesting, and if you buy them, we get a small share of the revenue from the sale from our commerce partners. We frequently receive products free of charge from manufacturers to test. This does not drive our decision as to whether or not a product is featured or recommended. We operate independently from our advertising sales team. We welcome your feedback. Have something you think we should know about? Email us at insiderpicks@businessinsider.com. Read the original article on Insider Picks. Copyright 2017. Follow Insider Picks on Twitter. DON'T MISS: This little-known Amazon service turns stuff you want to get rid of into store credit SEE ALSO: You should seriously consider this computer upgrade before buying a new machine More: Insider Picks 2017 Tech facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru A little-known service makes it easy to get money for old Apple gadgets you don't want anymore A little-known service makes it easy to get money for old Apple gadgets you don't want anymore The Insider Picks team writes about stuff we... Your Editor (online now) Breton Fischetti × From Body Thank you for your input. Close Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured WATCH! This week's episode of The Bottom Line with Henry Blodget More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Insider Picks Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf Do This After Installing the Windows 10 Creators Update Windows Security Do This After Installing the Windows 10 Creators Update Dan Price 7 Cool Things You Can Do With Google Play Music Entertainment Android 7 Cool Things You Can Do With Google Play Music Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: 9 iMessage Games You Can Play With Your Friends iPhone and iPad Gaming 9 iMessage Games You Can Play With Your Friends Brad Jones May 8, 2017 08-05-2017 4 minutes 9 iMessage Games You Can Play With Your Friends Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Among the many new features iOS 10 Is Here! Why You Should Upgrade Right Now iOS 10 Is Here! Why You Should Upgrade Right Now Apple's tenth revision of its mobile operating system is here. This is how to upgrade right now for free. Read More introduced via iOS 10, Apple implemented a new way of playing games directly from the Messages app. As long as you and your pals are texting via iMessage as opposed to SMS, it’s now possible to jump into multiplayer action directly from your conversation. Whether you’re looking for a word game to test your gray matter, or something more action-packed, there are already a host of great games to play in the Messages app How to Use All the New Messages Features in iOS 10 How to Use All the New Messages Features in iOS 10 With the arrival of iOS 10, Apple's Messages app received its single biggest update since its introduction. Read More . Here are nine of the best titles to hit the scene so far. 1. Words With Friends (Free) For many, Words With Friends is the ultimate multiplayer game for mobile devices. It’s essentially head-to-head Scrabble, but players can take as long as they like to take their turn, meaning games can stretch out over days or even weeks. The back-and-forth nature of Words With Friends makes it a great fit for iMessage support. Indeed, it was among the first apps to add this new feature following the release of iOS 10 How to Fix a Messed Up iOS 10 Update How to Fix a Messed Up iOS 10 Update If you tried updating your phone to iOS 10 only to find that it messed up somewhere along the way, there are three things you can do to fix the problem. Read More . It’s an incredibly convenient way of laying down some smack talk — or chastizing your opponent for stealing your spot. 2. GamePigeon (Free) If you’re looking for variety, GamePigeon is an essential download. It offers over 20 games to play with your friends, ranging from four-in-a-row, to a version of Battleship, to plain old checkers. The game’s implementation of 20 Questions is particularly noteworthy, as it supports more than two players. This app is a great starting point for anyone who’s new to playing games via iMessage. There’s tons of content, so you’re sure to find a game that suits the situation at hand. 3. MojiQuest (Free) If you’re the kind of person who shudders at the thought of emoji 5 Free Apps to Turn Selfies into Emojis, Stickers, & Even Music 5 Free Apps to Turn Selfies into Emojis, Stickers, & Even Music Selfies today are more than just photos of yourself. They can help express yourself in completely new ways. Choose the right app to turn your selfie into something much more than a simple photo. Read More , this one might be a hard sell. However, if their presence doesn’t put you off, MojiQuest is a pretty unique experience to enjoy with friends. Players create their own character, then head out on quests to gather loot and earn experience. The gameplay revolves around turn-based RPG-style battles, but its character progression mechanics will keep you coming back for more. This game would be a great way to waste time on a long trip. It’s not exactly Dungeons & Dragons, but it’s great fun to team up with friends and kill a few monsters — and the appeal of randomized loot will make sure at least one member of your party is always looking to play another round. 4. Truth Truth Lie (Free) Unlike many other iMessage games, Truth Truth Lie takes full advantage of the iPhone’s hardware. As the name suggests, you tell your opponents two truths and one lie, relayed to them via video messages. Recording yourself delivering the truths and the lie adds an extra dimension to gameplay — especially if you know the other person well. It’s great fun looking for the slightest hint of dishonesty on the opposing player’s face. Plus, if you’re not feeling camera-ready 10 iPhone Camera Tips for Better Professional-Looking Photos 10 iPhone Camera Tips for Better Professional-Looking Photos Apple is so proud of their cameras they proudly display "Shot on iPhone" images in their retail stores, but there's more to taking great smartphone pictures than first meets the eye. Read More , you can play the game via text messages, too. 5. Qiktionary (Free) Many readers in the UK will be familiar with television quiz show QI, which is all about trivia that can be classified as quite interesting. Qiktionary allows players to unlock facts sourced from the show by answering tricky questions. However, Qiktionary is a word game through and through. Players need to guess a four or five letter word, with every incorrect attempt letting you know if any individual letters are correct. It’s a variation on Jotto, if you’ve heard of it. Qiktionary is great fun, and can offer up a real mental workout 8 Alternative Ways to Be Smarter Without Reading Anything 8 Alternative Ways to Be Smarter Without Reading Anything Reading can be time consuming and a strain on the eyes. Here are eight alternatives to become smarter without reading anything. After all, you do want to learn things always. Read More . If you’re a fan of QI, be sure to check this one out. 6. Mr. Putt (Free) Mr. Putt is mini-golf, pure and simple. Grab a friend, and you can challenge them to a round of nine holes across four visually distinct courses. You control your putt via a drag-and-release mechanic that’s easy to grasp, but tough to master. Most players will be able to make par on the introductory holes without breaking a sweat, but the game gets pretty tough in more advanced courses. Playing with a friend puts your scorecards head-to-head, so Mr. Putt can get very competitive if you’re evenly matched. 7. Boggle With Friends (Free) Another title from Zynga, the company behind Words With Friends, this app adapts the perennially popular board game The Best Family Board Games You've Never Heard Of The Best Family Board Games You've Never Heard Of Have your board game nights fallen into a boring rut? Here are the best family board games that everyone will enjoy. No Monopoly required. Read More Boggle. It’s particularly appropriate for iMessage play, because rounds are short but intense. Boggle is a true pick-up-and-play game. Its simple format — giving you two minutes to find words in a grid of sixteen letters — means that all ages and abilities can give it a go. Plus, with your iPhone taking care of set-up and scoring, it’s much easier to bang out a quick round than it is with the physical version. 8. Cobi Arrows (Free) Many of the best iMessage games revolve around words, but if you’re eager for a more arcade-y experience, Cobi Arrows is a good place to start. The app gives players thirty seconds to fire arrows at a target, so a good sense of aim and quick reflexes are essential. Cobi Arrows is all about getting to grips with its aiming mechanic and perfecting your skills. For players who are looking for a little more content, there’s a $1.99 in-app purchase that unlocks a few more game modes and a handful of extra characters. 9. Checkmate! ($0.99) There’s arguably no better one-on-one game of wits than chess, and Checkmate! is a great way to play. Much like Words with Friends, casual chess is a game that lends itself to trash talk, particularly if you’re contesting a hard-fought series spanning several games. Checkmate! stands out from a host of other apps offering iMessage chess because of its clean interface Creating Web Interfaces: Where to Start Creating Web Interfaces: Where to Start We'll show you how web interfaces break down, then point out the key concepts, tools, and building blocks needed to make yourself a 21st century web designer. Read More . While other apps might introduce unnecessary bells and whistles, Checkmate! keeps things straightforward — and it’s all the better for it. What are your favorite iMessage games to play with friends? Add your suggestions in the comments below! Image Credit: Denys Prykhodov, Aneta_Gu via Shutterstock.com Previous Post25 Nintendo 3DS Games That Are Essential to Any Collection 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Brad Jones 105 articles English writer currently based in the US. Find me on Twitter via @radjonze. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Teclast X5 Pro Review and Giveaway Teclast X5 Pro Review and Giveaway Chuwi Hi13 Tablet Review and Giveaway Chuwi Hi13 Tablet Review and Giveaway Reliving the 80s: ARMIGA Amiga Emulator Review and Giveaway Reliving the 80s: ARMIGA Amiga Emulator Review and Giveaway Advertisement Trending Make a Wall-Mounted Dashboard With Dashing.io and a Raspberry Pi DIY Make a Wall-Mounted Dashboard With Dashing.io and a Raspberry Pi Do This After Installing the Windows 10 Creators Update Windows Security Do This After Installing the Windows 10 Creators Update 7 Lightweight OneNote and Evernote Alternatives Productivity 7 Lightweight OneNote and Evernote Alternatives Advertisement Related Articles How to Read a Message Without the Sender Knowing You Saw It Android iPhone and iPad How to Read a Message Without the Sender Knowing You Saw It 10 Hidden iPhone Features That Will Make You More Productive iPhone and iPad Mac 10 Hidden iPhone Features That Will Make You More Productive 8 Relaxing iPhone Puzzle Games That Can Help You Unwind iPhone and iPad Gaming 8 Relaxing iPhone Puzzle Games That Can Help You Unwind Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Apple extends repair coverage on iPad Pro Smart Keyboards to three years for ‘functional issues’ | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Senator reveals FBI paid $900K to hack San… Apple extends repair coverage on iPad Pro… Apple clarifies changes to commissions from… Apple accused of anticompetitive practices… Component suppliers deny delays in iPhone… Amazon Prime Video may finally be coming… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product 808 Audio Canz GLO and Canz H2O Bluetooth… Adaptive Sound Technologies LectroFan micro… FABRIQ AirPlay and Bluetooth Alexa-Enabled… Advanced Evo X & M4 Advanced Mezger aptX Bluetooth Receiver iDevices Wall Switch FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Twelve South Journal for iPhone 7 and iPhone… DODOcase Leather Card Case for iPhone 7 and… Twelve South BookBook for iPhone 7 and iPhone… X-Doria Defense Lux Wood Line for iPhone… Twelve South BookBook for iPad (Fifth-Generation) Gear4 Trafalgar for iPhone 7 Plus MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Blizzard Entertainment StarCraft Overmacs PhotoSweeper 3.0 Logitech MK850 Performance Wireless Keyboard… Belkin DuraTek USB–C Cable IK Multimedia Fulltone Collection for AmpliTube Urban Armor Gear Plasma Series Case for MacBook… HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Converting your child’s Apple ID into… Taking screenshots on your Apple Watch Avoiding lens switching when shooting video… Plugging your iPhone in silently Filtering Explicit Language in Siri Quickly marking your current location in… DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: Throttle Pro, Lifetime Subscription Daily Deal: Just Mobile Xtand Car Vent Mount… Daily Deal: The Steam Powered Star Wars Gamer… Daily Deal: MEEM Memory Cable Daily Deal: G-DROP Submersible Bluetooth… Daily Deal: MarginNote Pro for Mac GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Apple extends repair coverage on iPad Pro Smart Keyboards to three years for ‘functional issues’ By Dan Pye ● 16 hours ago One week after extending warranty coverage for Apple Watch Series 1 batteries, Apple has also boosted its coverage of iPad Pro Smart Keyboards, 9to5Mac reports. An internal memo to retail staff and authorized service providers says Apple will now provide free service for up to three years for “functional issues” like sticking or unresponsive keys, sensor problems, connection issues and failures in the magnetic connector. The company will also be issuing refunds to customers who paid for replacement keyboards if they meet the newly announced criteria. Comments « Senator reveals FBI paid $900K to hack San Bernardino iPhone Apple clarifies changes to commissions from affiliate links to in-app purchases » Related Stories Logitech reveals Slim Folio Bluetooth keyboard case for fifth-generation iPad Urbanears launches new lineup of Wi-Fi Connected Speakers Apple patent points to possible new Smart Keyboard with dedicated ‘Share’ and ‘Emoji’ keys Delayed BeatsX headphones to hit stores Feb. 10 Apple releases firmware 3.5.1 update for AirPods Rumor: Apple working on second-generation Apple Pencil Subscribe to iLounge Weekly Recent News Senator reveals FBI paid $900K to hack San Bernardino iPhone Apple extends repair coverage on iPad Pro Smart Keyboards to three years for ‘functional issues’ Apple clarifies changes to commissions from affiliate links to in-app purchases Apple accused of anticompetitive practices in Europe Component suppliers deny delays in iPhone 8 production; analysts predict edge-to-edge screen Amazon Prime Video may finally be coming to Apple TV Apple now in top position for worldwide wearables sales in Q1 2017 Apple seeds fifth beta of tvOS 10.2.1 to registered developers Apple posts new web page emphasizing U.S. job creation Qualcomm petitioning ITC to ban import of iPhones into the U.S. Recent Reviews 808 Audio Canz GLO and Canz H2O Bluetooth Speakers Adaptive Sound Technologies LectroFan micro Wireless Speaker and Sleep Sound Generator FABRIQ AirPlay and Bluetooth Alexa-Enabled Speaker Advanced Evo X & M4 Advanced Mezger aptX Bluetooth Receiver iDevices Wall Switch iDevices Wall Outlet Koogeek Wi-Fi SmartSocket for Apple HomeKit Sony MDR-1000X Wireless Noise-Canceling Headphones FiiO i1 Lightning to 3.5mm Headphone Adapter Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 09, 2:51 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology FBI iPhone Hacking Tools: Agency Paid $900K To Unlock San Bernardino Shooter's Phone, Senator Reveals By Denisse Moreno On 05/08/17 AT 12:45 PM Close The FBI paid $900,000 to unlock the iPhone of one of the San Bernardino shooters, Sen. Diane Feinstein, D-Calif., revealed during questioning of Director James Comey. "I was so struck when San Bernardino happened and you made overtures to allow that device to be opened, and then the FBI had to spend $900,000 to hack it open," Feinstein said during last week's Senate Judiciary Committee hearing. "And as I subsequently learned of some of the reason for it, there were good reasons to get into that device." Read: San Bernardino Shooting Victims' Families Accuse Twitter, Facebook, Google Of Supporting ISIS The encrypted iPhone belonged to one of the San Bernardino shooters, Syed Farook who, along with his wife, Tashfeen Malik, killed 14 people in December 2015. The revelation that U.S. officials paid nearly $1 million to break into the device resulted from Apple's refusal to unlock it at the FBI's request. The FBI decided to drop a lawsuit against Apple and instead is believed to have hired Israeli firm Cellebrite to break into the iPhone. After the FBI unlocked the iPhone, Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a statement the company refused to help unlock the device because it would have set a “dangerous precedent.” “From the beginning, we objected to the FBI’s demand that Apple build a backdoor into the iPhone because we believed it was wrong and would set a dangerous precedent,” Cook said in March 2016. “Apple believes deeply that people in the United States and around the world deserve data protection, security and privacy. Sacrificing one for the other only puts people and countries at greater risk.” Read: Apple Hires Security Expert That Helped Company During FBI San Bernardino iPhone Dispute Feinstein’s revelation was pointed out by the Associated Press, which noted the information on the price to unlock the phone and the identity of the firm that helped break into the device was classified information. The Associated Press, Vice Media and Gannet filed a lawsuit earlier this year to force the FBI to reveal classified information about the San Bernardino case, including the price paid to break into the phone and the identity of the vendor U.S. officials hired to unlock the device. The Justice Department said in court filings the information was properly classified, and claimed that if the data is released it could be seized by "hostile entities" that could develop their own countermeasures and interfere with the FBI's intelligence methods.  In January, the FBI revealed more than 100 pages of documents of the shooter's iPhone after pressure from media outlets. The records were heavily redacted and provided little information. However, the documents revealed multiple contractors bid on the job, but the exact identity of which firm that was hired to unlock the iPhone and the price for breaking into it were not disclosed. Related Stories FBI Paid Best Buy Geek Squad Technicians To Search For Child Porn In Computers iPhone Hacking Company Cellebrite Hacked Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Recommended Business Coach Shares Spike After Kate Spade Deal Is Announced The news came after months of speculation and talks that seemed to fall through. Technology ‘Street Fighter 5’ Update: Meet New DLC Character Ed Capcom has finally revealed the next DLC character “Street Fighter 5” players should watch out for. World Earth’s Rock History Shows Flat Planet Covered In Ocean Young Earth did not have the surface shape it has today. Scientists say it was probably pretty flat and almost completely covered in ocean. National Smallbatch Pets' Product Recalled Over Salmonella Risk This recall was initiated after routine testing by FDA of a 2lb bag of chicken blend revealed the presence of Salmonella. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Latest News Dow 21,012 +5.34 +0.03% Nasdaq 6,103 +1.90 +0.03% S&P 500 2,399 +0.09 +0.00% 3:07 A.M. ET Micro Focus shares drop 7% after trading update 3:06 A.M. ET Commerzbank rises 1.4% after first-quarter earnings report 3:05 A.M. ET Updated Veteran investors on trading in the time of Trump — how to cut through the uncertainty 3:05 A.M. ET Updated Eastspring’s Andrew Cormie on investing in the time of Trump: ‘Have the courage to step into the market’ 3:04 A.M. ET Updated Eaton Vance veteran Lew Piantedosi on investing in the time of Trump: ‘Without risk, there’s no reward’ 3:04 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.3% higher at 12,734.01 3:03 A.M. ET Updated PineBridge veteran Michael Kelly on investing in a time of Trump: ‘Don’t fixate on some magical rule’ 3:03 A.M. ET Pandora shares rise 4% after quarterly results 3:03 A.M. ET Updated Private-equity titan Guy Hands on investing in a time of Trump: ‘The most difficult environment I have ever seen’ 3:02 A.M. ET Updated Jack Bogle on how to invest in a time of Trump: ‘Be realistic’ 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.4% higher at 5,403.61 3:01 A.M. ET Updated Goldman enamored with stocks in these tech juggernauts 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,306.47 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 394.85 2:59 A.M. ET Zalando profit jumps on a 23% rise in revenue 2:58 A.M. ET German industrial output slips, but beats views 2:57 A.M. ET Hiscox to set up new European unit due to Brexit 2:56 A.M. ET Micro Focus disappointed by HPE's falling revenue 2:55 A.M. ET Updated Why ‘this is the end of the European rally’ in stocks, says Saxo Bank 2:13 A.M. ET William Hill on track to meet expectations Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Computers/Electronics Apple’s stock surged to another record after Buffett nearly tripled his stake By Tomi Kilgore Published: May 8, 2017 4:14 p.m. ET Share Apple’s market cap briefly topped $800 billion after Berkshire Hathaway discloses its stake ballooned to $19.2 billion Getty Images By TomiKilgore Reporter and editor Apple Inc.’s market value briefly topped $800 billion for the first time Monday, as the stock surged further into uncharted territory after Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc. disclosed it boosted its stake in the technology giant to nearly $20 billion in recent months. The billionaire investor’s investment vehicle disclosed in its quarterly filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission that Apple was its second-biggest equity holding by value, after increasing its investment to $19.2 billion worth of the stock as of March 31 from $7.1 billion as of Dec. 31. Based on the March 31 closing price of Apple’s stock AAPL, +2.72% that means Berkshire owned about 133.65 million Apple shares, or 2.6% of the shares outstanding. That would push Berkshire up to fourth on the list of largest shareholders, according to FactSet data. The stock ran up as much as 3.2% to an all-time intraday high of $153.70 in afternoon trade. At that price, and with 5.21 billion shares outstanding as of March 31 according to filings, Apple’s market capitalization reached $801.37 billion. Apple market capitalization milestones Date of first close above milestone $10 billion August 27, 1999 $50 billion November 2, 2005 $100 billion May 30, 2007 $200 billion March 9, 2010 $300 billion January 3, 2011 $400 billion January 18, 2012 $500 billion February 29, 2012 $600 billion August 17, 2012 $700 billion February 10, 2015 Dow Jones Data Group via FactSet Research Systems, Apple (dates) Apple shares pared some gains to close up 2.7% at $153.00, to bring the market cap down to $797.72 billion, but that was still by far the highest among U.S. companies. Behind Apple, Google parent Alphabet Inc.’s GOOGL, +0.89%  market cap was $659.96 billion, Microsoft Corp.’s MSFT, -0.09%  market cap was $532.25 billion and Amazon.com Inc.’s AMZN, +1.59%  market cap was $453.62 billion, according to FactSet. Apple’s stock closed at a record for a second-straight session, and for the 17th time this year. It had run up 24% during the first quarter, compared with the 10% rally in the SPDR Technology Select Sector exchange-traded fun XLK, +0.44%  and the Dow Jones Industrial Average’s DJIA, +0.03%  4.6% gain during the same time. Don’t miss: Warren Buffett live blog recap: Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting. See also: Advice from Warren Buffett’s Berkshire partner, Charlie Munger: ‘Stay sane, be honest.’ Since March 31, Apple’s stock has rallied 6.5%, while the Dow has gained 1.7%. Buffett said in an interview on CNBC earlier Monday that Apple’s iPhone was a “very, very, very” valuable product that resonated with customers so well that they are willing to pay higher prices than for competitors’ smartphones. Apple reported last week fiscal second-quarter earnings that beat expectations, but revenue that fell a bit shy as iPhone unit sales disappointed. Read more about Apple’s earnings. Berkshire’s largest holding by value was Wells Fargo & Co. WFC, -0.13%  at $27.8 billion as of March 31, while Coca-Cola Co. KO, +0.46%  was the third-largest at $16.6 billion, International Business Machines Corp. IBM, -0.34%  was the fourth-largest at $13.5 billion and American Express Co. AXP, -0.20%  was the fifth-largest at $11.2 billion. As of Dec. 31, Apple was just the fifth-largest holding. More from MarketWatch Stealthy Home Security ‘Sees’ Without Cameras A Mother’s Struggle to Feed Her Son in Venezuela Get your kids to play these sports to boost their chance at a college scholarship Quote References AAPL +4.05 +2.72% GOOGL +8.41 +0.89% MSFT -0.06 -0.09% AMZN +14.89 +1.59% XLK +0.24 +0.44% DJIA +5.34 +0.03% WFC -0.07 -0.13% KO +0.20 +0.46% IBM -0.52 -0.34% AXP -0.16 -0.20% Show all references Most Popular This is why American tourists don’t want to travel to Cuba Apple’s stock surged to another record after Buffett nearly tripled his stake Gundlach makes bearish call on stock market as S&P 500, Nasdaq hit records Do these 4 things with your finances in your 30s Barron's Buzz: Amazon Stock at 20: Now What? Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. MarketWatch Partner Center Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $153.01 +4.05 (+2.72%) Volume 46.8M Open $149.03 High $153.70 Low $149.03 P/E Ratio 17.9 Div Yield 1.65 Market Cap 781.5B Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $958.69 +8.41 (+0.89%) Volume 1.6M Open $947.45 High $960.99 Low $947.40 P/E Ratio 32.4 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 646.2B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $68.94 -0.06 (-0.09%) Volume 17.1M Open $68.97 High $69.05 Low $68.42 P/E Ratio 30.5 Div Yield 2.26 Market Cap 532.7B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $949.04 +14.89 (+1.59%) Volume 3.3M Open $940.95 High $949.05 Low $939.21 P/E Ratio 178.58 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 446.5B Technology Select Sector SPDR ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XLK $55.21 +0.24 (+0.44%) Volume 5.8M Open $55.01 High $55.24 Low $54.91 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.49 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 21,012.28 +5.34 (+0.03%) Volume 276.1M Open 20,991 High 21,018 Low 20,971 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Wells Fargo & Co. U.S.: NYSE: WFC $55.04 -0.07 (-0.13%) Volume 14.0M Open $55.12 High $55.29 Low $54.75 P/E Ratio 13.76 Div Yield 2.76 Market Cap 275.4B Coca-Cola Co. U.S.: NYSE: KO $43.89 +0.20 (+0.46%) Volume 12.5M Open $43.59 High $43.91 Low $43.54 P/E Ratio 30.69 Div Yield 3.37 Market Cap 186.7B International Business Machines Corp. U.S.: NYSE: IBM $153.03 -0.52 (-0.34%) Volume 7.3M Open $152.80 High $153.47 Low $152.20 P/E Ratio 12.59 Div Yield 3.92 Market Cap 145.7B American Express Co. U.S.: NYSE: AXP $78.16 -0.16 (-0.20%) Volume 2.4M Open $78.50 High $78.74 Low $77.95 P/E Ratio 14.16 Div Yield 1.64 Market Cap 70.0B
Latest News Dow 21,012 +5.34 +0.03% Nasdaq 6,103 +1.90 +0.03% S&P 500 2,399 +0.09 +0.00% 3:07 A.M. ET Micro Focus shares drop 7% after trading update 3:06 A.M. ET Commerzbank rises 1.4% after first-quarter earnings report 3:05 A.M. ET Updated Veteran investors on trading in the time of Trump — how to cut through the uncertainty 3:05 A.M. ET Updated Eastspring’s Andrew Cormie on investing in the time of Trump: ‘Have the courage to step into the market’ 3:04 A.M. ET Updated Eaton Vance veteran Lew Piantedosi on investing in the time of Trump: ‘Without risk, there’s no reward’ 3:04 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.3% higher at 12,734.01 3:03 A.M. ET Updated PineBridge veteran Michael Kelly on investing in a time of Trump: ‘Don’t fixate on some magical rule’ 3:03 A.M. ET Pandora shares rise 4% after quarterly results 3:03 A.M. ET Updated Private-equity titan Guy Hands on investing in a time of Trump: ‘The most difficult environment I have ever seen’ 3:02 A.M. ET Updated Jack Bogle on how to invest in a time of Trump: ‘Be realistic’ 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.4% higher at 5,403.61 3:01 A.M. ET Updated Goldman enamored with stocks in these tech juggernauts 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,306.47 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 394.85 2:59 A.M. ET Zalando profit jumps on a 23% rise in revenue 2:58 A.M. ET German industrial output slips, but beats views 2:57 A.M. ET Hiscox to set up new European unit due to Brexit 2:56 A.M. ET Micro Focus disappointed by HPE's falling revenue 2:55 A.M. ET Updated Why ‘this is the end of the European rally’ in stocks, says Saxo Bank 2:13 A.M. ET William Hill on track to meet expectations Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Computers/Electronics Apple’s stock surged to another record after Buffett nearly tripled his stake By Tomi Kilgore Published: May 8, 2017 4:14 p.m. ET Share Apple’s market cap briefly topped $800 billion after Berkshire Hathaway discloses its stake ballooned to $19.2 billion Getty Images By TomiKilgore Reporter and editor Apple Inc.’s market value briefly topped $800 billion for the first time Monday, as the stock surged further into uncharted territory after Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc. disclosed it boosted its stake in the technology giant to nearly $20 billion in recent months. The billionaire investor’s investment vehicle disclosed in its quarterly filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission that Apple was its second-biggest equity holding by value, after increasing its investment to $19.2 billion worth of the stock as of March 31 from $7.1 billion as of Dec. 31. Based on the March 31 closing price of Apple’s stock AAPL, +2.72% that means Berkshire owned about 133.65 million Apple shares, or 2.6% of the shares outstanding. That would push Berkshire up to fourth on the list of largest shareholders, according to FactSet data. The stock ran up as much as 3.2% to an all-time intraday high of $153.70 in afternoon trade. At that price, and with 5.21 billion shares outstanding as of March 31 according to filings, Apple’s market capitalization reached $801.37 billion. Apple market capitalization milestones Date of first close above milestone $10 billion August 27, 1999 $50 billion November 2, 2005 $100 billion May 30, 2007 $200 billion March 9, 2010 $300 billion January 3, 2011 $400 billion January 18, 2012 $500 billion February 29, 2012 $600 billion August 17, 2012 $700 billion February 10, 2015 Dow Jones Data Group via FactSet Research Systems, Apple (dates) Apple shares pared some gains to close up 2.7% at $153.00, to bring the market cap down to $797.72 billion, but that was still by far the highest among U.S. companies. Behind Apple, Google parent Alphabet Inc.’s GOOGL, +0.89%  market cap was $659.96 billion, Microsoft Corp.’s MSFT, -0.09%  market cap was $532.25 billion and Amazon.com Inc.’s AMZN, +1.59%  market cap was $453.62 billion, according to FactSet. Apple’s stock closed at a record for a second-straight session, and for the 17th time this year. It had run up 24% during the first quarter, compared with the 10% rally in the SPDR Technology Select Sector exchange-traded fun XLK, +0.44%  and the Dow Jones Industrial Average’s DJIA, +0.03%  4.6% gain during the same time. Don’t miss: Warren Buffett live blog recap: Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting. See also: Advice from Warren Buffett’s Berkshire partner, Charlie Munger: ‘Stay sane, be honest.’ Since March 31, Apple’s stock has rallied 6.5%, while the Dow has gained 1.7%. Buffett said in an interview on CNBC earlier Monday that Apple’s iPhone was a “very, very, very” valuable product that resonated with customers so well that they are willing to pay higher prices than for competitors’ smartphones. Apple reported last week fiscal second-quarter earnings that beat expectations, but revenue that fell a bit shy as iPhone unit sales disappointed. Read more about Apple’s earnings. Berkshire’s largest holding by value was Wells Fargo & Co. WFC, -0.13%  at $27.8 billion as of March 31, while Coca-Cola Co. KO, +0.46%  was the third-largest at $16.6 billion, International Business Machines Corp. IBM, -0.34%  was the fourth-largest at $13.5 billion and American Express Co. AXP, -0.20%  was the fifth-largest at $11.2 billion. As of Dec. 31, Apple was just the fifth-largest holding. More from MarketWatch U.S. may soon expand electronics ban to all European flights Get your kids to play these sports to boost their chance at a college scholarship Model 3: The Key to Tesla’s Future? Quote References AAPL +4.05 +2.72% GOOGL +8.41 +0.89% MSFT -0.06 -0.09% AMZN +14.89 +1.59% XLK +0.24 +0.44% DJIA +5.34 +0.03% WFC -0.07 -0.13% KO +0.20 +0.46% IBM -0.52 -0.34% AXP -0.16 -0.20% Show all references Most Popular This is why American tourists don’t want to travel to Cuba Apple’s stock surged to another record after Buffett nearly tripled his stake Gundlach makes bearish call on stock market as S&P 500, Nasdaq hit records U.S. may soon expand electronics ban to all European flights Why a T-Mobile Merger Could Happen Soon Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. MarketWatch Partner Center Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $153.01 +4.05 (+2.72%) Volume 46.8M Open $149.03 High $153.70 Low $149.03 P/E Ratio 17.9 Div Yield 1.65 Market Cap 781.5B Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $958.69 +8.41 (+0.89%) Volume 1.6M Open $947.45 High $960.99 Low $947.40 P/E Ratio 32.4 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 646.2B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $68.94 -0.06 (-0.09%) Volume 17.1M Open $68.97 High $69.05 Low $68.42 P/E Ratio 30.5 Div Yield 2.26 Market Cap 532.7B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $949.04 +14.89 (+1.59%) Volume 3.3M Open $940.95 High $949.05 Low $939.21 P/E Ratio 178.58 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 446.5B Technology Select Sector SPDR ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XLK $55.21 +0.24 (+0.44%) Volume 5.8M Open $55.01 High $55.24 Low $54.91 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.49 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 21,012.28 +5.34 (+0.03%) Volume 276.1M Open 20,991 High 21,018 Low 20,971 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Wells Fargo & Co. U.S.: NYSE: WFC $55.04 -0.07 (-0.13%) Volume 14.0M Open $55.12 High $55.29 Low $54.75 P/E Ratio 13.76 Div Yield 2.76 Market Cap 275.4B Coca-Cola Co. U.S.: NYSE: KO $43.89 +0.20 (+0.46%) Volume 12.5M Open $43.59 High $43.91 Low $43.54 P/E Ratio 30.69 Div Yield 3.37 Market Cap 186.7B International Business Machines Corp. U.S.: NYSE: IBM $153.03 -0.52 (-0.34%) Volume 7.3M Open $152.80 High $153.47 Low $152.20 P/E Ratio 12.59 Div Yield 3.92 Market Cap 145.7B American Express Co. U.S.: NYSE: AXP $78.16 -0.16 (-0.20%) Volume 2.4M Open $78.50 High $78.74 Low $77.95 P/E Ratio 14.16 Div Yield 1.64 Market Cap 70.0B
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Apple has never been more valuable Christian Zibreg on May 8, 2017 6 Apple just notched a new market cap record. As the company’s shares opened at a price of $149.06 per share on Monday, its market capitalization increased to a cool $776.60 billion. In other words, the iPhone maker just broke its own record after setting a market-cap peak in February 2015 at $774.7 billion. As per The Wall Street Journal, Apple’s stock has set record highs 17 times since February. Shares of Apple rose 3.7 percent last week after the Cupertino firm reported earnings that were in line with Wall Street expectations and company forecasts. The most recent jump in Apple’s stock price has pushed the company’s valuation on Wall Street to $776.60 billion at Friday’s close, a new record for Tim Cook & Co. The previous high for Apple’s market value was $774.7 billion in February 2015. At the time of writing, the company’s stock was trading above $150 for the first time ever—that’s after factoring in a 7-for-1 split in 2014. At $151.62 per share, the company’s market capitalization was about $790.6 billion this morning. In a note distributed to clients Monday, Drexel Hamilton analyst Brian White set his Apple price target to $202 per share from $185. Were $AAPL to hit $202 per share, its market capitalization would be valued at $1.053 trillion. Apple’s stock is up 29 percent this year. According to public records on the Apple Investor website, the company has 5.213 billion shares outstanding. Will Apple become the world’s first trillion dollar company? Let us know what you think in comments below. Tagged: AAPL Apple Finance Money News Wall Street MORE FROM iDB Apple’s stock surges to its highest price ever amid growing optimism over iPhone 8 Despite Note 7 fiasco & bribery scandal, Samsung just had the most profitable quarter in 3 years Apple stock hits 14-month high, its highest price since 2015 Agneev How does that benefit me? Klae le It doesn’t if you weren’t wise enough to buy their stock. Mike M. Powell how much would a penny get me? .-. Siri Tim Cook Holness 00 Siri Tim Cook Holness Had to put 2 0’s bc 2 characters required xd Anonymous And you should be selling if you have. Featured Latest Daily Deals: $300 iRobot vacuum, $397 Nikon D3400 camera, and more Jailbreak tweaks of the week: ColorGram, HUDPlayer, & more… Prizmo Go, Glass Tilt Shift, Honeydue, and other apps to check out this weekend Smart light bulbs you can control with your iPhone Let’s Talk Jailbreak 161: The sweet spot Daily Deals: $300 iRobot vacuum, $397 Nikon D3400 camera, and more Apple’s marketing chief says smart speakers should have built-in displays Apple’s Workflow app gains new Apple Music actions, brings back Chrome and Pocket integrations Microsoft and Harman Kardon unveil Invoke smart speaker with Cortana, coming this fall Apple has never been more valuable Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: ColorGram, HUDPlayer, & more… FolderAutoClose 10 automatically closes folders after launching apps from them Hide the date from the Today page with No Date Today This tweak forces Safari to load web pages in Reader or full screen mode How to use Extender Installer to automatically re-sign your jailbreak app Apps Apple’s Workflow app gains new Apple Music actions, brings back Chrome and Pocket integrations How to gift iTunes credit on iPhone and iPad FolderAutoClose 10 automatically closes folders after launching apps from them Prizmo Go, Glass Tilt Shift, Honeydue, and other apps to check out this weekend ExxonMobil expands Apple Pay support to Speedpass+ for Apple Watch app Accessories Microsoft and Harman Kardon unveil Invoke smart speaker with Cortana, coming this fall Hey Apple, we need to talk about AirPods (again)! Can’t rename your AirPods as “AirPods”? Here’s the fix. Smart light bulbs you can control with your iPhone This cable made of steel is a sturdy alternative to Apple’s fragile Lightning cable Deals Nanodots 216 Sets for $34 Throttle Pro: Lifetime Subscription for $99 The Ultimate Photography & Photoshop Bundle for $24 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Apple to issue new Activity challenge for Mother’s Day Christian Zibreg on May 8, 2017 1 Apple is about to issue a new challenge to its users in the United States this Friday ahead of Mother’s Day, via a notification on Apple Watch and in the Activity app on iPhone. As first reported by 9to5Mac, the US-only challenge will invite users to complete a one-mile walk, run or wheelchair workout session on Mother’s Day on Sunday, May 14 to win a special rose medal in the Activity app and rose-themed stickers for iMessage. The workout must be recorded to the Health app using Apple’s stock Workout app on Apple Watch or any other third-party app that integrates with HealthKit. As mentioned, this particular challenge was designed specifically for users in the United States. Subscribe to iDownloadBlog on YouTube The challenge won’t be visible in the Activity app on iPhone until Friday. Past Activity challenges focused on Earth Day 2017, New Year 2017 and Thanksgiving 2016. Tagged: Activity Apple Apple Watch Fitness Health News Workout MORE FROM iDB Apple challenges U.S. Apple Watch owners to bag a special Thanksgiving Day Activity achievement Another Apple Watch Series 2 ad highlights closing Activity rings New fitness-focused Apple Watch ad challenges you to close your Activity rings :D Mother’s Day was in March? Featured Latest Daily Deals: $300 iRobot vacuum, $397 Nikon D3400 camera, and more Jailbreak tweaks of the week: ColorGram, HUDPlayer, & more… Prizmo Go, Glass Tilt Shift, Honeydue, and other apps to check out this weekend Smart light bulbs you can control with your iPhone Let’s Talk Jailbreak 161: The sweet spot Daily Deals: $300 iRobot vacuum, $397 Nikon D3400 camera, and more Apple’s marketing chief says smart speakers should have built-in displays Apple’s Workflow app gains new Apple Music actions, brings back Chrome and Pocket integrations Microsoft and Harman Kardon unveil Invoke smart speaker with Cortana, coming this fall Apple has never been more valuable Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: ColorGram, HUDPlayer, & more… FolderAutoClose 10 automatically closes folders after launching apps from them Hide the date from the Today page with No Date Today This tweak forces Safari to load web pages in Reader or full screen mode How to use Extender Installer to automatically re-sign your jailbreak app Apps Apple’s Workflow app gains new Apple Music actions, brings back Chrome and Pocket integrations How to gift iTunes credit on iPhone and iPad FolderAutoClose 10 automatically closes folders after launching apps from them Prizmo Go, Glass Tilt Shift, Honeydue, and other apps to check out this weekend ExxonMobil expands Apple Pay support to Speedpass+ for Apple Watch app Accessories Microsoft and Harman Kardon unveil Invoke smart speaker with Cortana, coming this fall Hey Apple, we need to talk about AirPods (again)! Can’t rename your AirPods as “AirPods”? Here’s the fix. Smart light bulbs you can control with your iPhone This cable made of steel is a sturdy alternative to Apple’s fragile Lightning cable Deals Nanodots 216 Sets for $34 Throttle Pro: Lifetime Subscription for $99 The Ultimate Photography & Photoshop Bundle for $24 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Latest News Dow 21,012 +5.34 +0.03% Nasdaq 6,103 +1.90 +0.03% S&P 500 2,399 +0.09 +0.00% 3:07 A.M. ET Micro Focus shares drop 7% after trading update 3:06 A.M. ET Commerzbank rises 1.4% after first-quarter earnings report 3:05 A.M. ET Updated Veteran investors on trading in the time of Trump — how to cut through the uncertainty 3:05 A.M. ET Updated Eastspring’s Andrew Cormie on investing in the time of Trump: ‘Have the courage to step into the market’ 3:04 A.M. ET Updated Eaton Vance veteran Lew Piantedosi on investing in the time of Trump: ‘Without risk, there’s no reward’ 3:04 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.3% higher at 12,734.01 3:03 A.M. ET Updated PineBridge veteran Michael Kelly on investing in a time of Trump: ‘Don’t fixate on some magical rule’ 3:03 A.M. ET Pandora shares rise 4% after quarterly results 3:03 A.M. ET Updated Private-equity titan Guy Hands on investing in a time of Trump: ‘The most difficult environment I have ever seen’ 3:02 A.M. ET Updated Jack Bogle on how to invest in a time of Trump: ‘Be realistic’ 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.4% higher at 5,403.61 3:01 A.M. ET Updated Goldman enamored with stocks in these tech juggernauts 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,306.47 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% higher at 394.85 2:59 A.M. ET Zalando profit jumps on a 23% rise in revenue 2:58 A.M. ET German industrial output slips, but beats views 2:57 A.M. ET Hiscox to set up new European unit due to Brexit 2:56 A.M. ET Micro Focus disappointed by HPE's falling revenue 2:55 A.M. ET Updated Why ‘this is the end of the European rally’ in stocks, says Saxo Bank 2:13 A.M. ET William Hill on track to meet expectations Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Computers/Electronics Apple’s stock surged to another record after Buffett nearly tripled his stake By Tomi Kilgore Published: May 8, 2017 4:14 p.m. ET Share Apple’s market cap briefly topped $800 billion after Berkshire Hathaway discloses its stake ballooned to $19.2 billion Getty Images By TomiKilgore Reporter and editor Apple Inc.’s market value briefly topped $800 billion for the first time Monday, as the stock surged further into uncharted territory after Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc. disclosed it boosted its stake in the technology giant to nearly $20 billion in recent months. The billionaire investor’s investment vehicle disclosed in its quarterly filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission that Apple was its second-biggest equity holding by value, after increasing its investment to $19.2 billion worth of the stock as of March 31 from $7.1 billion as of Dec. 31. Based on the March 31 closing price of Apple’s stock AAPL, +2.72% that means Berkshire owned about 133.65 million Apple shares, or 2.6% of the shares outstanding. That would push Berkshire up to fourth on the list of largest shareholders, according to FactSet data. The stock ran up as much as 3.2% to an all-time intraday high of $153.70 in afternoon trade. At that price, and with 5.21 billion shares outstanding as of March 31 according to filings, Apple’s market capitalization reached $801.37 billion. Apple market capitalization milestones Date of first close above milestone $10 billion August 27, 1999 $50 billion November 2, 2005 $100 billion May 30, 2007 $200 billion March 9, 2010 $300 billion January 3, 2011 $400 billion January 18, 2012 $500 billion February 29, 2012 $600 billion August 17, 2012 $700 billion February 10, 2015 Dow Jones Data Group via FactSet Research Systems, Apple (dates) Apple shares pared some gains to close up 2.7% at $153.00, to bring the market cap down to $797.72 billion, but that was still by far the highest among U.S. companies. Behind Apple, Google parent Alphabet Inc.’s GOOGL, +0.89%  market cap was $659.96 billion, Microsoft Corp.’s MSFT, -0.09%  market cap was $532.25 billion and Amazon.com Inc.’s AMZN, +1.59%  market cap was $453.62 billion, according to FactSet. Apple’s stock closed at a record for a second-straight session, and for the 17th time this year. It had run up 24% during the first quarter, compared with the 10% rally in the SPDR Technology Select Sector exchange-traded fun XLK, +0.44%  and the Dow Jones Industrial Average’s DJIA, +0.03%  4.6% gain during the same time. Don’t miss: Warren Buffett live blog recap: Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting. See also: Advice from Warren Buffett’s Berkshire partner, Charlie Munger: ‘Stay sane, be honest.’ Since March 31, Apple’s stock has rallied 6.5%, while the Dow has gained 1.7%. Buffett said in an interview on CNBC earlier Monday that Apple’s iPhone was a “very, very, very” valuable product that resonated with customers so well that they are willing to pay higher prices than for competitors’ smartphones. Apple reported last week fiscal second-quarter earnings that beat expectations, but revenue that fell a bit shy as iPhone unit sales disappointed. Read more about Apple’s earnings. Berkshire’s largest holding by value was Wells Fargo & Co. WFC, -0.13%  at $27.8 billion as of March 31, while Coca-Cola Co. KO, +0.46%  was the third-largest at $16.6 billion, International Business Machines Corp. IBM, -0.34%  was the fourth-largest at $13.5 billion and American Express Co. AXP, -0.20%  was the fifth-largest at $11.2 billion. As of Dec. 31, Apple was just the fifth-largest holding. More from MarketWatch U.S. may soon expand electronics ban to all European flights Get your kids to play these sports to boost their chance at a college scholarship Model 3: The Key to Tesla’s Future? Quote References AAPL +4.05 +2.72% GOOGL +8.41 +0.89% MSFT -0.06 -0.09% AMZN +14.89 +1.59% XLK +0.24 +0.44% DJIA +5.34 +0.03% WFC -0.07 -0.13% KO +0.20 +0.46% IBM -0.52 -0.34% AXP -0.16 -0.20% Show all references Most Popular This is why American tourists don’t want to travel to Cuba Apple’s stock surged to another record after Buffett nearly tripled his stake Gundlach makes bearish call on stock market as S&P 500, Nasdaq hit records U.S. may soon expand electronics ban to all European flights Why a T-Mobile Merger Could Happen Soon Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. MarketWatch Partner Center Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $153.01 +4.05 (+2.72%) Volume 46.8M Open $149.03 High $153.70 Low $149.03 P/E Ratio 17.9 Div Yield 1.65 Market Cap 781.5B Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $958.69 +8.41 (+0.89%) Volume 1.6M Open $947.45 High $960.99 Low $947.40 P/E Ratio 32.4 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 646.2B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $68.94 -0.06 (-0.09%) Volume 17.1M Open $68.97 High $69.05 Low $68.42 P/E Ratio 30.5 Div Yield 2.26 Market Cap 532.7B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $949.04 +14.89 (+1.59%) Volume 3.3M Open $940.95 High $949.05 Low $939.21 P/E Ratio 178.58 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 446.5B Technology Select Sector SPDR ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XLK $55.21 +0.24 (+0.44%) Volume 5.8M Open $55.01 High $55.24 Low $54.91 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.49 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 21,012.28 +5.34 (+0.03%) Volume 276.1M Open 20,991 High 21,018 Low 20,971 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Wells Fargo & Co. U.S.: NYSE: WFC $55.04 -0.07 (-0.13%) Volume 14.0M Open $55.12 High $55.29 Low $54.75 P/E Ratio 13.76 Div Yield 2.76 Market Cap 275.4B Coca-Cola Co. U.S.: NYSE: KO $43.89 +0.20 (+0.46%) Volume 12.5M Open $43.59 High $43.91 Low $43.54 P/E Ratio 30.69 Div Yield 3.37 Market Cap 186.7B International Business Machines Corp. U.S.: NYSE: IBM $153.03 -0.52 (-0.34%) Volume 7.3M Open $152.80 High $153.47 Low $152.20 P/E Ratio 12.59 Div Yield 3.92 Market Cap 145.7B American Express Co. U.S.: NYSE: AXP $78.16 -0.16 (-0.20%) Volume 2.4M Open $78.50 High $78.74 Low $77.95 P/E Ratio 14.16 Div Yield 1.64 Market Cap 70.0B
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: Installing macOS Sierra step-by-step [Video] Trending in Apple Here’s how Apple could easily solve its Touch ID ‘problem’ on the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Opinion: We may now be just two or three years away from an iPhone replacing a DSLR Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: hardware and performance results [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 153.01 4.05 9to5Toys Last Call: 13-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar 512GB $299 off, Apple Watch Series 1/2 from $200, 9.7-inch iPad $299, more Trevor Daugherty - May. 8th 2017 9:29 am PT @trevorjd14 Deals View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: Apple’s 9.7-inch iPad Pro $100 off in all capacities/colors, starting at $500 Vintage Apple Fans: Grab a new, unlocked iPhone 4 8GB for $65 Review: LeEco Super4 4K Ultra HDTVs look great, but aren’t without troubles Sony Extra Bass Bluetooth Headphones for $68 shipped (Reg. $130) Anova’s popular Bluetooth-connected 800W Sous Vide Cooker now $109 Amazon lowers its minimum free shipping threshold! Anker 2-Pack Nintendo Switch GlassGuard Screen Protector for $7 Harman’s Echo competitor features Cortana virtual assistant and Skype calling SanDisk Ultra 256GB USB 3.0 Flash Drive $50 (Reg. up to $75) Suncast 225-Foot Garden Hose + Reel Cart $45 shipped Gift Cards up to 20% off: Applebee’s, CVS, IHOP, more Green Deals: Panasonic Eneloop Pro AA Rechargeable Batteries $21, more Disney Classic Cartoons on Blu-ray for only $10 each SNOOZ brings white noise machine into the 21st Century with iPhone control Spalding TF-1000 Classic Indoor Basketball $32 (Reg. $50+) Apple’s Touch Bar-enabled 13-inch 512GB MacBook Pro $299 off Apple Watch Series 1/2 $70 off in nearly every style, priced from $200 Apple’s new 9.7-inch iPad 32GB in Silver, Gold or Space Gray $299 shipped (Tax NY/NJ only) Apple iPhone 7 Smart Battery Case in multiple colors: $65 (Reg. $99) Caterzillar iOS platformer gets very first price drop: $1 (Reg. $3) Moodnotes for iOS now free for very first time (Reg. $4) Block Fortress titles for iOS hit lowest price in years: $1 ea App Store Free App of the Week: Zip-Zap iOS puzzler goes free for very first time (Reg. up to $2) Brothers A Tale of Two Sons for iOS drops to just $3 Star Wars iMessage Stickers for iOS now 50% off 10 reasons why the Panasonic Lumix GH5 might be my next camera [Video] 9to5Rewards: Waterfield Designs’ popular Bolt Briefcase [Giveaway] MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Nomad’s gorgeous Horween leather iPhone 7/Plus cases 40% off, from $24 Sonos PLAY:1 gets discounted to $180 in both colors Roku Premiere+ Streaming Media Player $79, refurb for $65 (or less) Anker PowerHouse sports a 120,000mAh battery, four USB ports, more: $330 Today’s Best iOS & Mac Game/App Deals: Moodnotes, Braveland, more Bose SoundLink III Portable Bluetooth Speaker $180 (Reg. $269) Logitech Wireless Bluetooth Adapter hits $10 (Reg. $20, all-time low) Philips Hue Go Multicolor Smart Light for $46 shipped (Reg. $80) Today’s Best Game Deals: Last Guardian $29, Bloodborne from $10, more Amazon slashes WORX 20V String Trimmer/Blower just in time for yard work: $73/ea Blue Raspberry USB Microphone for Mac/PC/iOS $160 (Reg. $200) Jaybird X3 Sport Bluetooth Earphones now $100 (Reg. $130) Anne Klein watches up to 60% off in Amazon’s Gold Box, from $40 Daily Deals: Beats Tour2 In-Ear Headphones $50, more LG 2.1-Ch. Sound Bar w/ Wireless Subwoofer $120 (Reg. $160) Beyerdynamic teases Xelento wireless earphones with high-end aluminum design TP-Link and WeMo Wi-Fi Smart Plugs from $23 Mokase turns your iPhone or Android into an on-the-go coffeemaker Tile Slim Phone/Item Finders: 4-Pack $52 shipped + more Smartphone Accessories: Anker 40W 4-Port USB Wall Charger $18, more Eufy Duo 2-in-1 Cordless Upright/Hand Vac $90 shipped, more NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Fender releases new Mustang GT iOS/Android-connected amps [Video] Degreeº is an in-ear thermometer for kids that beams continuous stats to your iPhone Weber’s Summit Charcoal Series hits with mouthwatering features, big price tag Reigning Champs x adidas release French Terry Collaboration AirBuddy is the “smallest and lightest” diving gear on the market Momo smart hub sports facial recognition and works with Hue, Nest, more GE Sol smart lamp coming this fall with HomeKit and Alexa support Aero is the portable eBike that folds in 3 seconds, has a 45 mile range Battle Bay for iOS/Android from the makers of Angry Birds available now Loewe bild 9 OLED 4K UHDTV combines mid-century design, high-end tech Tregren T-series is the “true” smart garden for your kitchen Target launches World of Inspiration Collection in time for Summer Acer’s newest 32-inch 4K display is definitely built for professionals DJI sees new competitors: Bolt Drone w/ VR hits Kickstarter under $175 Monoprice unveils Strata Home: affordable Sous Vide cookers, robo vacs and more Dreamscreen adds reactive backlighting to your 4K TV and home theater setup Zara’s New Beach and Picnic Collection is full of color Dreamscreen adds reactive backlighting to your 4K TV and home theater setup WaterField drops new Bolt waxed canvas/leather Microsoft Surface bag Kobo Aura H20 is a waterproof eReader perfect for days at the beach BatteryPro charges your Apple Watch & iPhone on-the-go, save 20% on pre-orders MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Pad & Quill up to 50% off: leather backpacks, Apple Watch stand, more Logitech M705 Wireless Marathon Mouse $19.50 (Reg. $30+) Herman Miller 15% off sale delivers rare discounts, free shipping Fossil takes 25% off Gen Q Smartwatches, from $116 Inflatable 2-Person Kayak Set by Intex back down to $65 Xbox One S 1TB Battlefield 1 SE Bundle + Prey $290, more Klipsch R-20B Bluetooth Soundbar $285 Free 6-inch sub with drink purchase at Subway Wired, Dwell, GQ from just over $4/yr GreenWorks G-MAX 40V 20-inch Cordless Lawn Mower $266 Hisense 50-inch 4K UHDTV (refurb) for $322 Google Home + Philips Hue Lighting Kit $258 NES Classic Controller hits Amazon all-time low: $8 Lenovo N22 11.6-inch 4GB Chromebook: $128 (Orig. $199) Get a BJ’s Wholesale Club 90-day trial membership for free LEGO Architecture Studio Playset now $108 at Amazon (Reg. $150) Black Mountain 3000-Pound Rated Dip Station $32, more Braun’s best-selling Wet/Dry Cordless Electric Hair Remover $71 Trevor Daugherty @trevorjd14 Trevor Daugherty is the Senior Editor of 9to5Toys. Since joining in 2014, he’s specialized in product reviews, exclusive discounts and 9to5’s New Toy of the Day. Contact him direct at trevor@9to5mac.com. Guides Deals View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: Installing macOS Sierra step-by-step [Video] Trending in Apple Here’s how Apple could easily solve its Touch ID ‘problem’ on the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Opinion: We may now be just two or three years away from an iPhone replacing a DSLR Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: hardware and performance results [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 153.01 4.05 Apple plans half city-block purchase for new facility in Reno Greg Barbosa - May. 8th 2017 9:25 am PT @gregbarbosa Data center Reno Artist's rendition of Apple's Galway Data Center View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Reno City Council is set to discuss Apple potentially purchasing a half-city block of land for a new facility, according to KRNV. If accepted, this would follow Apple’s decisions in building out a $50 million data center in Reno. In initial city records, Apple was shown to be contemplating leasing the land from the developer. The upcoming discussion introduces an amendment where Apple is now inquiring into purchasing the land instead. The area would be used to construct a 30,000 square foot building that would serve as Apple’s new “purchasing and receiving facility.” The new planned purchasing and receiving facility is located in Washoe County’s Tessera Tourism district. The half-city block up for discussion is on the southeast side of E 6th St and Evans Ave. While the general area is currently home to a few restaurants, Apple’s facility will most likely be built on the unused parcel of land. Location of Apple’s proposed half-block of land purchase in Washoe County The Reno City Council lists the new facility agenda item alongside previous discussions of Apple’s data center. The data center, planned for the Reno Technology Park, has been apart of ongoing conversations with the county as far back as 2012. Permit records indicate that the data center, Project Isabel, will be a 372,893 square foot data center valued at $50,720,906. Reno City Council is set to start discussions on the purchasing and receiving facility this Wednesday, May 10th. Considering the history of the data center process, this new facility could also be a slow development. Greg Barbosa @gregbarbosa Greg Barbosa is the Product Manager at Electrek, 9to5Google, 9to5Mac, and 9to5Toys and a writer for 9to5Mac. Favorite Gear iPhone 7 Plus, 128GB (Jet Black) Peel iPhone 7 Plus Case 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (2.9GHz i7, 16GB RAM, Radeon Pro 460, 1TB storage) Guides Data center View THe Guide Reno View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Why Apple should stick with the Lightning port (but probably won't) USB-C is nice, but Apple should stick with the Lightning port and not jerk hardware makers and consumers around. By Adrian Kingsley-Hughes for Hardware 2.0 | May 8, 2017 -- 16:00 GMT (09:00 PDT) | Topic: Apple There are mixed reports relating to the connector that Apple will use for the upcoming iPhone 8. Some suggest that Apple will shift to the USB-C standard -- as it did with the new MacBook Pro -- while others are suggesting that Apple will stick with Lightning. Must read: Better, faster, more reliable Wi-Fi in six easy steps what's hot on zdnet Intel chip vulnerability lets hackers easily hijack fleets of PCs Mother's Day 2017 tech gift guide: You're welcome 3 things to know about the cloud v. data center decision Microsoft Build 2017 buzzword bingo: On the edge Apple introduced the Lightning connector back in September 2012 when it unveiled the iPhone 5, and since then it has become the standard port for all iOS devices. However, on the Mac front, it seems that Apple is shifting away from the MagSafe and Thunderbolt (as well as regular USB 2/3) to the USB-C port. iOS devices have all thus far made use of proprietary connectors, so the shift would certainly be an odd one for Apple, especially considering that Apple pulls in money from licensing the Lightning port through its "Made for iPhone" program. There would be advantages in Apple shifting to USB-C. The port is pretty much universal on high-end smartphones, and it has speed advantages over Lightning. And now with the MacBook Pro being a USB-C-only device, it's clear that Apple now endorses the port over all the others. And the switch would mean that as soon as your charging cable breaks -- and it will (I hope that whoever it is at Apple whose job it was to design that Lightning charge cable is suitably embarrassed by how poor it is) -- you'll be able to replace it with a cheap (and far longer-lasting) alternative. But despite the advantages that USB-C has to offer, I think Apple should stick with the Lightning port. iPhone 8: Here's what we think we know about... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 12 NEXT PREV First off, the Lightning port is only a few years old, and the switch from the 30-pin iPod connector to Lightning caused a lot of upset to iPhone owners, and meant a lot of unnecessary expenditure to replace devices that couldn't be made to work with a dongle (it also means a lot of hardware being sent to the dump). Another reason why I think Apple should stick with the Lightning port is that it's a super-reliable port, and far more robust than USB-C seems to be. USB-C seems to suffer from the problems that plague micro USB, such as the connector on the end of the cable being crushed, the port being damaged by improper handing, and random bits of junk and schmoo getting into the connector and port. Lightning isn't perfect, but of all the ports out there, it's one of the best, and I'd be sad to see it go (unlike the 30-pin iPod connector, which was a terrible thing). But tech is all about forward motion, and given that Apple has already begun switching ports, ditching USB, Thunderbolt, and the awesome MagSafe for USB-C, it seems inevitable that the Lightning port will go. It's not a matter of if, but when. But when will it happen? Will Apple risk sales to push a replacement for the Lightning port sooner rather than later? With iPhone sales having gone a little soggy, it might seem foolish to give users a change of connector worry. It's certainly a contributing factor in why I've not upgraded to the new MacBook Pro. That said, there does seem to be pent-up demand for the next iPhone, so there could be no better time to push the change. And if Apple actually ever does introduce wireless charging, then people are going to need that port a lot less. However, currently the supply chain chatter seems to be suggesting that Apple will stick with Lightning for now, and keep a change of port up its sleeve for a later date. iOS 10.3: 'Power User' tips and tricks SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 14 NEXT PREV See also: Apple selling outdated 32-bit iOS apps that will soon stop working Is it time for high-end pros to dump the Mac? Hidden iOS 10.3 feature highlights apps that will soon become obsolete Three Apple predictions for 2017 (TechRepublic) Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Apple iPhone and iOS problem solvers: My must-have utilities (and many are free) iOS iOS 10.3: 'Power User' tips and tricks Apple A hidden iOS 10 setting that may mean you may never run out of storage space on your iPhone or iPad again Apple Speed up your Mac in a few clicks with CleanMyMac 3 × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: A Foolish Take: The Biggest Corporate Taxpayer in America Under Trump’s proposed tax cut, Apple would pay billions less in taxes each year. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) May 8, 2017 at 12:00PM There's a lot of talk right now about President Donald Trump's proposal to lower the top corporate income tax rate from 35% down to 15%. This would be a boon to companies. It would make them more profitable and thereby encourage them to invest more aggressively in growth. It would also allow companies to return more capital to shareholders through dividends and stock buybacks, as the government would be getting a smaller piece of the pie. Of course, some companies would benefit more from Trump's proposed tax cuts than others. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) ranks at the top. It earned $61 billion in pre-tax net income last year, remitting $15.7 billion, or 26%, to the government in the form of income taxes. Data source: Apple 2016 10-K and author's calculations. Chart by author. Under Trump's proposed 15% rate, Apple would have saved somewhere in the neighborhood of $6.5 billion last year. That's enough to buy 812.5 million "Make America Great Again" hats at Wal-Mart, or 7,065 hats for every Apple employee. But a hat-buying spree seems unlikely. Apple would probably just raise its dividend or repurchase more stock. Offer from The Motley Fool: The 10 best stocks to buy now Motley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent more than a decade beating the market. In fact, the newsletter they run, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the S&P 500!* Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for investors to buy right now. Click here to get access to the full list! *Stock Advisor returns as of 5/1/2017. John Maxfield has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info May 8, 2017 at 12:00PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $153.01 up $4.05 (2.72%) Read More A Foolish Take: Which Companies Dominate the Wearables Market? Apple Inc.'s Mac Accelerates Its Rebound Is This Crazy Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor Likely to Be True? A Noted Investing Guru Has Some Advice for Apple Apple Inc.'s iPad Does Better Than Expected Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current A Foolish Take: The Biggest Corporate Taxpayer in America @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Boxing WWE Formula 1 Cricket Lions 2017 Rugby League Other Sports UFC Golf Tennis Athletics NFLExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? Sign in My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Loans Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited Home Technology iPhone 8 Technology iPhone 8 could come with an accessory worth £160 in the box Apple's AirPods, unveiled alongside the iPhone 7 last year, could some packaged with the iPhone 8  Share  Comments BySophie Curtis 17:05, 8 MAY 2017 Updated20:41, 8 MAY 2017 Technology (Photo: Getty)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Apple's next top-of-the-range iPhone - widely tipped to be called the iPhone 8 - could come with an accessory worth £160 in the box. According to a new report from analysts at JPMorgan, seen by 9to5Mac, the iPhone 8 may come bundled with a free pair of AirPods. The wireless earphones were announced along with the iPhone 7 and went on sale just before Christmas. They currently cost £159 to buy in the Apple Store. The AirPods link up to your iPhone or Apple Watch via Bluetooth. They use sensors to automatically detect when they are in your ears, and play or pause your music accordingly. (Photo: Reuters) They contain a pair of microphones, so you can control your music, change the volume and check your battery life using Siri. The AirPods deliver up to 5 hours of listening time on one charge, and come in a special case that doubles as a charger, offering more than 24 hours of total listening time in total. Many people poked fun at the AirPods when they were first announced, claiming they were too easy to lose. Read More iPhone 8 'dummy' pictures reveal what Apple's next handset could look like However, at the start of the year, Apple issued an iOS update that added a feature called "Find My AirPods". When activated, the feature makes the AirPods play a sound loud enough to locate them within a room. Data released by research firm Creative Strategies and Experian earlier this month shows that 98% of AirPods owners are satisfied with their purchase. The inclusion of AirPods in the box with the iPhone 8 could help to justify its widely-rumoured price tag of over $1,000, which would make it Apple's most expensive handset yet. The price was reportedly leaked to The Fast Company by "a source with knowledge of Apple's plans". Read More This man built his own iPhone 6s from spare parts (Photo: ifanr.com) The device is rumoured to feature a glass body, a curved OLED display, a touch-sensitive digital button, a dual-lens camera and wireless charging. While it is expected to be unveiled alongside the 7s and 7s Plus in September, the release date could be delayed due to "significant hardware upgrades", according to KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. While "iPhone 8" is still the front runner for the name, iPhone X and iPhone Edition have both been touted as possible alternatives. Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextBlue Origin rocket's vertical takeoff and landing Watch this video again Watch Next Man meets machine at the Cyborg Olympics in Zurich2:30 Inventor's 'Scarlet Johansson' robot is terrifyin1:50 Virtual reality slaughter house tour could put yo0:45 Holographic communication is HERE thanks to Micro4:46 This new Airbus designed using social media sugge3:27 What is the BBC's Micro:Bit computer? (And what c1:40 Phoenix cops say they've caught serial shooting k0:58 Russian navy test fires missiles in Baltic Sea0:57 Conte answers questions on Diego Costa's future...1:25 Horror moment boy's legs are SWALLOWED by escalat0:37 Google doodle celebrates Ferdinand Monoyer's 181s0:30 Video will play in  Is this a tantalizing glimpse of the new iPhone? Share this video Watch Next Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On JPMorgan Chase & Co. iPhone iWatch iPhone 8 Technology all Most Read Most Recent Google doodlesGoogle celebrates Ferdinand Monoyer - inventor of the eye test - with winking Doodle Monoyer was known for this groundbreaking research in opthalmology FacebookFacebook shuts down tens of thousands of accounts in crackdown on fake news ahead of UK election Facebook is using algorithms to automatically detect "fake accounts" based on patterns of activity iPhone 8iPhone 8 could come with an accessory worth £160 in the box Apple's AirPods, unveiled alongside the iPhone 7 last year, could some packaged with the iPhone 8 TattoosBizarre 'sound wave tattoo' inks body art you can LISTEN to onto your skin The tattoo uses a smartphone app to produce one minute of audio iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone Apple only just launched its iPhone 7 a few months ago, but many eyes are already turning to next year's model, the iPhone 8, which is expected to be Apple's biggest launch in years Google doodlesGoogle celebrates Ferdinand Monoyer - inventor of the eye test - with winking Doodle Monoyer was known for this groundbreaking research in opthalmology SpotifySpotify takes a step into social media territory with its latest feature Should Instagram and Snapchat be worried? TattoosBizarre 'sound wave tattoo' inks body art you can LISTEN to onto your skin The tattoo uses a smartphone app to produce one minute of audio CybersecurityGuardian Soulmates users hit with sexually explicit spam after contact details leaked online The "creepy" emails contained information that could only have come from the Soulmates database FacebookFacebook shuts down tens of thousands of accounts in crackdown on fake news ahead of UK election Facebook is using algorithms to automatically detect "fake accounts" based on patterns of activity Most Read Most Recent Vladimir PutinVladimir Putin sends three Russian warships into Nato waters after US vessel arrives in Baltic Sea The ships' detection just four nautical miles from Latvia's territorial waters is thought to be a test to see how Nato will respond AnimalsDancing gorilla Kionda wows crowds as he 'performs ballet' at Paignton zoo The 15-year-old pirouetting primate, described as a 'bit of a show-off', looks graceful and elegant as he glides through the air Liverpool transfer newsLiverpool closing in on £25million capture of Burnley defender Michael Keane Anfield boss Jurgen Koop has made England international Keane his top defensive signing this summer and is confident of closing the deal Perrie EdwardsPerrie Edwards and boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain give off serious couple goals as they show off their (varying) limbo skills The Little Mix singer and her footballer beau showed fans how they like to spend their evenings PoliceLittle girl hung up and beaten outside her home by her own dad after she tore up parents' divorce papers WARNING GRAPHIC IMAGES AND FOOTAGE The eight-year-old victim, who has not been named, is said to have been unhappy that her parents got a divorce and threw the tantrum that led to her receiving the extremely harsh punishment Summer transfer windowTransfer news LIVE: Arsenal, Liverpool, Manchester United and Chelsea latest ahead of the summer window The Premier League season its entering its climax but clubs will have one eye on the summer sales Premier LeagueRace for the top four: Who holds the advantage after Manchester United slip up at Arsenal? The race for the Champions League places is beginning to look clearer after a pivotal weekend of Premier League matches Arsenal FCThe results Arsenal now need to finish in the top four and qualify for the Champions League The Gunners kept alive their fading Champions League dreams with their 2-0 victory over Manchester United on Sunday WWEWWE Raw in London - 7 things you missed overnight as Balor and Reigns feature at O2 Arena A night of explosive action saw the likes of Finn Balor, Roman Reigns, Braun Strowman and Alexa Bliss in the mix Costa CoffeeCosta Coffee launches new summer menu with banoffee pie drink - and people are already giving their verdict The new summer menu is here, and people are already giving their verdict Top Stories Barbara WindsorThree weddings and a lot of carrying on! Barbara Windsor's incredible life from Sid James' unrequited love to 'spewing with excitement' over EastEnders She's one of our best-loved small screen bombshells who straddled a golden age of British comedy and modern day soap stardom. But her life is easily the equal of any drama she played out as Peggy Mitchell SuicideTroubled teacher penned suicide letter in same notebook that younger brother left his own farewell message Suzanne Lakie was haunted by brother's death which led to her marriage breaking down and the special needs teacher 'changing beyond all recognition' Shane RichieShane Richie says soaps are now 'fast food': 'EastEnders fans waited a year for Kat and Alfie kiss' The actor says audiences don't have the patience to wait for key moments like Alfie and Kat's first kiss on EastEnders as 'they want things fast' BoatsMan killed in speedboat accident was due to stand trial for death of two pensioners in car crash Rescue teams found the bodies of two men off the south west coast of Scotland after they failed to return from a boat trip SoldiersFemale army veteran who 'tied dog to tree then killed it is found dead as police investigate suicide' WARNING: DISTURBING CONTENT Marinna Rollins, 23, was reportedly found dead in her apartment in the early hours of Sunday LionsHorrifying moment lion bites keeper's throat and drags him across ring in front of terrified children WARNING GRAPHIC FOOTAGE A tamer at the Buffalo Circus was in the middle of a demonstration when the beast pounced Manchester United FCZlatan Ibrahimovic and Paul Pogba's Manchester United salaries have been revealed Both players joined last summer - Ibrahimovic signed on a free while United stumped up a world record fee for Pogba Costa CoffeeCosta Coffee launches new summer menu with banoffee pie drink - and people are already giving their verdict The new summer menu is here, and people are already giving their verdict MurderBrit doctor and fiancee butchered by ex-security guard who slit their throats in brutal penthouse attack Dr Richard Field, originally from London, and Dr Lina Bolanos were killed by Bampumim Teixeira at the their luxury home in Boston MedicineSuffer from headaches or migraines for no apparent reason? This could be why Researchers in the Netherlands have a new theory about the cause of headaches in otherwise healthy people Danny DyerFirst pictures of a refreshed Danny Dyer as he returns to EastEnders following break for exhaustion "It’s fair to say there’s going to be a lot of shouting and maybe even some fisticuffs," a show insider said of his return CCTVHorrifying moment boy, 9, SWALLOWED by escalator before firefighters cut him free in dramatic rescue The child was rushed to hospital where he is said to be recovering from minor injuries Google doodlesGoogle celebrates Ferdinand Monoyer - inventor of the eye test - with winking Doodle Monoyer was known for this groundbreaking research in opthalmology FacebookFacebook shuts down tens of thousands of accounts in crackdown on fake news ahead of UK election Facebook is using algorithms to automatically detect "fake accounts" based on patterns of activity iPhone 8iPhone 8 could come with an accessory worth £160 in the box Apple's AirPods, unveiled alongside the iPhone 7 last year, could some packaged with the iPhone 8 TattoosBizarre 'sound wave tattoo' inks body art you can LISTEN to onto your skin The tattoo uses a smartphone app to produce one minute of audio iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone Apple only just launched its iPhone 7 a few months ago, but many eyes are already turning to next year's model, the iPhone 8, which is expected to be Apple's biggest launch in years SoldiersNaked photos of female US marines shared on secret Facebook group prompts NCIS investigation The US Marine Corps is investigating a secret Facebook group being used to circulate naked pictures of active female officers SonySony Xperia XZ Premium: Release date, price and specs of Sony's new flagship smartphone Sony's latest device has a 4K HDR display an advanced camera technology capable of recording an incredible 960fps Samsung Galaxy S8Samsung Galaxy S8: UK release date, price, specs and features of Samsung's new flagship smartphone Samsung has taken the wrapping off its shiny new Galaxy S8 and S8+ smartphones OnePlusOnePlus 5: UK release date, price, news and more rumours of the affordable iPhone rival OnePlus is on the verge of bringing out a new smartphone to challenge Apple and Samsung WhatsAppSimple WhatsApp trick will change the font in your messages - here's how to do it There's an easy way to make your WhatsApp messages look different - thanks to a quiet update from the Facebook-owned app TechnologyInstagram down: Users claim they are unable to post photos and videos Instagram users in the UK are unable to upload photos and videos to their in Feed or Stories SnapChatThis simple trick will let you screenshot a Snapchat message without notifying the sender If you want to screenshot a Snapchat message without the sender knowing, all you need is this simple trick SpotifySpotify takes a step into social media territory with its latest feature Should Instagram and Snapchat be worried? CybersecurityGuardian Soulmates users hit with sexually explicit spam after contact details leaked online The "creepy" emails contained information that could only have come from the Soulmates database CopyrightIs Kodi legal in the UK? How authorities are cracking down on 'plug and play' piracy Thousands of Brits are buying "fully loaded" Kodi boxes to watch sports, TV and films without a subscription Samsung Inc.How waterproof is the Galaxy S7? We put Samsung's new smartphone to the test Samung's new Galaxy S7 smartphone went on sale today - so how waterproof is it really? FacebookHow to find out if someone's been 'stalking' you on Facebook Maybe it's time to exercise a little restraint TechnologyNew Ad-Free subscription service launched for Mirror readers Readers will be able to browse the site without pre-roll video ads, banner ads, pre-article surveys, large format ads or pop-ups for just £2.99 a month WhatsAppWhatsApp is launching a really useful new feature It might have fallen over earlier this week, but the messaging app has a new feature to help you organise chats FacebookThere's a secret inbox folder in Facebook Messenger - here's how to find out who's been trying to contact you What messages are lurking in your secret inbox? Find out who's been trying to contact you on the social network News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India May 08, 2017-Monday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion ipl 2017 sports entertainment lifestyle business tech education whatnow photos videos jaago re Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Apple iPhone 8 to go on sale in September, no delay in production: Report The 10th-anniversary edition iPhone 8 or rumoured to be named iPhone X has attracted a lot of speculations and the latest report indicates that the iPhone 8 will go on sale in September contradicting KGI Securities’ analyst Ming Chi-Kuo who has said that the iPhone 8 may be delayed. tech Updated: May 08, 2017 20:34 IST HT Correspondent Hindustan Times The 10th-anniversary edition iPhone 8 or rumoured to be named iPhone X has attracted a lot of speculations and the latest report indicates that the iPhone 8 will go on sale in September contradicting KGI Securities’ analyst Ming Chi-Kuo who has said that the iPhone 8 may be delayed.(Apple) Apple’s 10th anniversary iPhone 8 has attracted has some speculations and rumours with KGI Securities’ analyst Ming Chi-Kuo and Japanese site Mac Otakara claiming that although the phone may be showcased in September, it will take Apple time to put it in stores for sale. Kuo had attributed the delay to the slow production of the iPhone 8 due to the new OLED displays. However, a new report from Chinese language financial daily Economic Daily claims that Apple will debut the OLED iPhone in September with no delay in putting it for sale. Watch the iPhone 8 concept video here There will be no delay for the launch of the next-generation phones, the report said, signalling the usual ramp-up in the production of parts related to the iPhone beginning next month. Upstream to downstream suppliers in the iPhone supply chains, including Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC), SLP (substrate-like PCB) makers Zhen Ding Technology and Kinsus Interconnect Technology, and battery supplier Simplo Technology, are ready to ramp up related iPhone parts starting June, it said. Apple has a major redesign planned for the “iPhone 8”, with a glass body and edge-to-edge OLED display that may include an integrated Touch ID fingerprint sensor if the company can overcome the technical challenges involved. Other potential features include wireless charging, a vertically oriented rear dual-lens camera, and a front-facing camera with 3D sensing and facial recognition capabilities. The OLED iPhone is expected to be sold alongside upgraded (but standard) 4.7 and 5.5-inch iPhones. tags Apple Apple iPhone 8 Apple news iPhone 8 news Apple iPhone 8 production more from tech India with 200 million users leads WhatsApp video calling in terms of total minutes per day May 08, 2017 20:31 IST Is Xiaomi Redmi 4 on the way? Here is all you need to know May 08, 2017 16:08 IST Is Your Couch Making You Cough? Promotional Feature Recommended for you Read more Apple iPhones, iPads, AirPods and Watches could charge via WiFi soon Apple may launch Amazon Echo, Google Home-like home speaker with Siri soon India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs Govt school teachers told to dress ‘decently’ in Ludhiana: ‘Jeans-top, provocative clothes affect students’ May 08, 2017 20:18 IST Video shows officers ‘dancing, raining notes’ on cop in Rajasthan police station May 08, 2017 20:01 IST UP petrol pump scam: Man who supplied cheat chips arrested in Lucknow May 08, 2017 20:11 IST After Bellandur, fire rages in the middle of another lake in Karnataka May 08, 2017 20:16 IST ‘All I wanted was justice, not revenge,’ says Bilkis Bano May 08, 2017 20:12 IST Chhattisgarh: SSB soldier injured in IED blast by suspected Maoists May 08, 2017 19:02 IST 95 Kashmiri youth turned to militancy in the last one year: J-K police May 08, 2017 18:49 IST Nepal to sign pact with China on One Belt, One Road initiative May 08, 2017 19:16 IST UK immigration target will hit India ties, say Liberal Democrats May 08, 2017 18:05 IST Iran warns Pakistan it will hit ‘safe havens’ of Sunni militants May 08, 2017 19:16 IST Syria will abide by ‘de-escalation’ plan, says foreign minister May 08, 2017 17:57 IST Nepal fines man $22,000 for trying to climb Everest without permit May 08, 2017 16:59 IST Afghan envoy rejects claim that 50 soldiers were killed by Pak troops May 08, 2017 17:57 IST Indian woman says forcibly married to Pakistani man, wants to be repatriated May 08, 2017 19:15 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi Here’s what visitors have to say about India’s brand new books village May 08, 2017 20:27 IST Sanitation woes: Local bodies get just 7% of funds sought for Chardham yatra May 08, 2017 20:24 IST Govt to develop 5 circuits to promote eco-tourism in U’khand May 08, 2017 20:23 IST NEET paper leak: Five arrested took money from students to enrol them under management... May 08, 2017 20:18 IST India to soon have database of 20 lakh organ donors: Nadda May 08, 2017 20:13 IST 6-year-old sexually assaulted in Jaipur, second in 2 days May 08, 2017 20:07 IST Budding chefs in Mumbai keep the flame low this summer, take up baking May 08, 2017 20:05 IST Driver, teen killed as bus rams into trailer on Mumbai-Ahmedabad highway May 08, 2017 19:19 IST Delhi, here’s looking at you: Instagram accounts that explore the best of the C... May 08, 2017 19:10 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors December 16 gang rape: ‘Rarest of rare’ does not just mean ‘exceptionally brutal’ May 08, 2017 16:48 IST Metro Matters: The seat of Swachh Bharat campaign must come clean May 08, 2017 15:43 IST French elections: Macron-Le Pen war of world views is still being fought May 08, 2017 15:00 IST Electric cars are a novel idea, but Modi government may find it tough to implem... May 08, 2017 14:49 IST French elections: Can Emmanuel Macron unify a politically fractured France? May 08, 2017 15:00 IST cricket football tennis other sports ht gifa ICC Champions Trophy: Worked on strength, even lost weight – Mohammed Shami May 08, 2017 20:33 IST Mumbai Indians bat vs Sunrisers Hyderabad in vital IPL 2017 clash May 08, 2017 20:14 IST ICC Champions Trophy: Indian selectors opt for continuity, experience May 08, 2017 20:25 IST ICC Champions Trophy: Suresh Raina disappointed after missing out on India squad May 08, 2017 19:58 IST MI 45/3 - IPL 2017, Live cricket score, Sunrisers Hyderabad vs Mumbai Indians: Rohit... May 08, 2017 20:38 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Karisma parties with rumoured boyfriend Sandeep Toshniwal at Kareena’s place May 08, 2017 19:52 IST Wonder Woman final trailer: Can Gal Gadot’s superhero movie save the DC Univers... May 08, 2017 19:52 IST Harry Potter star Elarica Johnson will wear Varun Bahl for Justin Bieber’s gig May 08, 2017 19:41 IST Priyanka Chopra’s Baywatch will clash with Wonder Woman at the Indian box office May 08, 2017 19:33 IST Tamannah Bhatia on being upset over chopped scenes in Bahubali: It’s a baseless... May 08, 2017 19:31 IST sex & relationships fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch Parents beware! Cotton buds may be hazardous for children May 08, 2017 20:24 IST Harry Potter star Elarica Johnson will wear Varun Bahl for Justin Bieber’s gig May 08, 2017 19:41 IST Delhi, here’s looking at you: Instagram accounts that explore the best of the C... May 08, 2017 19:10 IST Feather, dragon, barbed wire — the weirdest brow trends to take over the intern... May 08, 2017 18:25 IST World Thalassemia Day: Can the disease affect pregnancy? May 08, 2017 18:00 IST India with 200 million users leads WhatsApp video calling in terms of total minutes per day May 08, 2017 20:31 IST Six months of note ban: Digital transactions decline as retailers want cash May 08, 2017 19:39 IST Pro Kabaddi signs record five-year deal with VIVO May 08, 2017 19:03 IST India to unveil new IIP, WPI series on Friday May 08, 2017 18:58 IST GoM to meet on May 15 to examine draft national policy for drugs May 08, 2017 18:47 IST Six months of demonetisation: Economy hurt, bruised but is the pain over? May 08, 2017 19:08 IST Paytm in talks to pump in $30 mn in Insider.in May 08, 2017 18:40 IST India with 200 million users leads WhatsApp video calling in terms of total minutes per day May 08, 2017 20:31 IST Apple iPhone 8 to go on sale in September, no delay in production: Report May 08, 2017 20:34 IST Is Xiaomi Redmi 4 on the way? Here is all you need to know May 08, 2017 16:08 IST Apple may launch Amazon Echo, Google Home-like home speaker with Siri soon May 08, 2017 14:28 IST Believe it or not! This smartwatch can move in five directions on your wrist May 08, 2017 14:03 IST Android ‘O’ Beta coming soon, says Google May 08, 2017 13:35 IST OnePlus 5 to come with 8GB RAM, launch in June May 08, 2017 11:13 IST Govt school teachers told to dress ‘decently’ in Ludhiana: ‘Jeans-top, provocative clothes affect students’ May 08, 2017 20:18 IST AP LAWCET, PGLCET Exam 2017: Results declared, check them here May 08, 2017 19:05 IST NEET questions in Bengali tougher than English: West Bengal govt May 08, 2017 18:29 IST NEET 2017 unofficial answer key: Check them here May 08, 2017 18:04 IST NEET 2017: Coaching gurus in Kota analyse the exam question paper May 08, 2017 16:59 IST From Mishra to Manoj: Here is a look at the Aam Aadmi Party crisis May 08, 2017 18:23 IST Mumbaiites under water, this time for fun May 08, 2017 15:47 IST No boating this summer as Delhi’s famous Purana Qila boat club... May 08, 2017 08:44 IST No shoes, no earrings: NEET candidates undergo tough security check May 08, 2017 08:38 IST Shooting the dead: Meet India’s police photographers May 06, 2017 14:17 IST 98-year-old yoga guru credits ancient discipline for her long life May 08, 2017 16:18 IST BJP, Congress engage in war of words over SC’s move on fodder scam May 08, 2017 15:32 IST Meet India’s UFO Hunters May 07, 2017 13:56 IST The invisible world of India’s police photographers May 07, 2017 13:56 IST Yogi Adityanath wields broom for ‘Swachh Bharat Abhiyan’ May 06, 2017 11:36 IST ht-indepth longreads health real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
Fast Company Newsletter Subscribe Technology Leadership Entertainment Ideas Video News fast company home technology leadership entertainment ideas video news co.Design home cities graphics innovation by design interactive product spaces collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly nfluential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Innovation Agents Profiles of the high-level business leaders behind progressive, creative, and innovative organizations Tech Forecast A roundup of breaking tech news, products, and services featuring the most important takeaways.Current Issue Current Issue SUBSCRIBE Follow us: advertisement advertisement 7 minute Read hit the ground running Diary Of An Ex-Apple Intern What’s it like to score one of the most coveted internships in tech? [Photo: Dan Gold] By Michael Grothaus05.03.17 | 8:00 am It seems these days anytime the subject of internships make the news, it’s usually for the wrong reasons, whether it’s billion-dollar companies settling lawsuits brought by unpaid interns, or companies thinking it’s okay to pay interns with food. Even major job boards are now banning companies from listing unpaid internships. Yet despite the bad press lately, studies show that college students who intern are more likely to find full-time employment—especially if those internships are paid. advertisement With that in mind, it’s probably no surprise that competition for internships is intense, particularly at hot companies like Apple, Google, Tesla, and others. So how do you get an internship at these coveted companies? I spoke to Maxime Britto, who is now a software engineer and the founder of Purple Giraffe, a French online school for mobile developers. But before he founded Purple Giraffe, he got his start at Apple working as an intern. In his own words, here’s how he did it and what the experience was like. On His First Day As An Intern At Apple I was there during the summer of 2008; I arrived the day before the WWDC. I remember it clearly because my manager met me at Apple’s front desk, but instead of going in, we turned around and went to the parking lot. He gave me a ride in his Mustang (we’re not used to this kind of car in France!) to San Francisco and I was able to attend the WWDC conferences with the team. We finally went to the office at around 11 pm, after a full day and the WebKit Open Source party. That was a great first day. On His Internship Role At Apple I was part of the WebKit and Safari Team. I was squashing bugs on WebKit and I also spent quite some time on Safari for Windows. Windows users were requesting that we add pan scrolling (where you wheel-click to enable pan scroll mode and then the web page follows your mouse movements). It was quite a challenge for me since I was still discovering the immensity of the WebKit and Safari code base. My last two weeks were dedicated to early design research on a very cool (not yet released) feature for Safari, and I presented it to Scott Forstall who was our VP back then. Again, an awesome experience. On How He Found Out About The Apple Internship My previous internship was with a French company named Pleyo who wanted to contribute to the WebKit open source project. I spent the whole summer of 2007 working on WebKit bugs, chatting on IRC, and getting to (virtually) know WebKit regular members. Those members were mostly from Apple, and I didn’t know it then, but they were my future teammates. At the end of my French internship, my manager at Pleyo told me he exchanged emails with an Apple manager who said they were very happy with the work I provided. He advised me to get in touch with this manager to see where this could go. So I did. On The Interview Process With Apple Since they already knew me and my work, I think the interview process went a little bit quicker than with other interns. I had two phone interviews. The first one was more of a presentation and general questioning, and at the end, he gave me some technical areas to look at before the second interview (which would be more technical). I remember I was so stressed because one of the subjects I was supposed to work on for the upcoming interview was the Mach Kernel, and I didn’t know a thing about it, nor low-level programming for that matter. I spent hours reading and printing articles about the Mach Kernel. When D-day arrived, I was ready to go full encyclopedia about the Mach Kernel, but we ended up barely talking about it! A few days later, I was at a restaurant with my future wife when I received a call from a U.S. phone number. The adrenaline surged, I looked at her, and said, ‘Honey, I think that’s from Apple!’ It was indeed the recruiter who said, “Maxime, we would like to make you an offer.” advertisement On The Qualities That Helped Him Score An Apple Internship Before applying, I had the chance to prove my value for four months while getting along with the team. I started as a rookie (it was my first year of programming, and the WebKit is huge) and once I started to fix bugs, it became easier. I guess they noticed that, and appreciated the fact that I never gave up and ended up actually fixing real bugs. On The Average Workday Of An Apple Intern Just like regular Apple engineers, I had my own office (with my name on the door!) and a magnetic badge to open doors. I was able to get in at any time of day or night. I also had two MacBook Pros and was able to connect remotely to the network to work from home when needed. Our offices surrounded a relaxing area with couches, and most of the time we were working on those couches with our laptops, working and chatting. When someone needed some quiet time to focus, he or she would go into his office and then come back later. Also, having access to Apple HQ 24/7 allowed us to come back at night and play volleyball with other interns on the court inside. On Some Of His Best Experiences As An Apple Intern My first day at the WWDC is definitely in the top three! I also loved bonding with other interns from around the world. We were sharing apartments, playing sports together, going out to restaurants during the weekdays, and to San Francisco on the weekends. I learned so much from this cultural mix and came back a different person. Another exciting perk was the VP series: Once a week, interns were invited to a lunchtime talk with a VP. We got to meet and pose questions to incredible people like Jony Ive, Bertrand Serlet, Scott Forstall, and more. And, the last week of the series it was Steve Jobs. All those talks were mind blowing. On Whether Apple Could Improve Its Internship Experience Seriously, no they couldn’t. They took care of everything for me: travel arrangements, housing, local transportation, they even hired a company to help me with the J1 visa. They organized the VP series and other intern events (theme park outings, baseball games, etc.) and made sure everything went well for us. The team welcomed me in and I was trusted with real and challenging work. I had one of the greatest summers of my life, and I can’t think of anything missing from the equation. On The Lasting Benefits Of An Apple Internship At the end of my internship, my recruiter repeated the same line that got me the Apple internship: “Maxime, we want to make you an offer.” I was psyched and I wanted to say “yes” again, but leaving my family and friends to live abroad was hard, and I’ve always had an entrepreneurial spirit. I figured I should first finish my studies and then would find a way to come back if I still wanted to. Apple pays their interns really well, but the most impressive thing was that after I added that I worked at Apple to my LinkedIn page, I started being contacted by recruiters from other top companies. I’ve never tried to go very far with those interviews like I did with Apple because I had my own projects, but it was still cool to feel wanted. advertisement On What Others Could Do To Land An Internship At Apple The way I got the internship is a difficult one, but it is also one of the most likely to succeed if you’re a software engineer like me. It was difficult because Apple’s open source projects are often huge and come with a steep learning curve. I was lucky to have four months’ full time to do it (my 2007 French internship). But getting involved with Apple’s open source projects is a way that is very likely to succeed because few people go through with really contributing to the projects, and if you do, you are noticed by Apple’s team from the inside–and that is your ticket. So my advice is: Find an open source project you like, work hard on it, and be nice and helpful. It will eventually work out, and besides, you’ll learn a lot. About the author Michael Grothaus is a novelist, freelance journalist, and former screenwriter represented worldwide by The Hanbury Literary Agency. His debut novel EPIPHANY JONES is out now from Orenda Books. More Fast Company Daily NewsletterSign Up Receive special Fast Company offersSee All Newsletters advertisement Related Stories Leadership What These New Grads Wish They Knew Before Starting Their First Jobs Leadership Six Reasons Why You’re Not Getting What You Want Leadership Why I’ve Stopped Accepting Compliments About My “Hustle” advertisement Video Why Meditating Before A Meeting Can Lead To More Productivity Can Young Political Outsiders Save The Democratic Party? The Cord-Cutting Revolution Is Underway--And Other Stories You Might’ve Missed Veteran Comedian Jeff Garlin Talks About Working With Netflix This Artist Will Be Streaming Her New Album From A Soundproof Chamber With "The Handmaid’s Tale" Dystopian Futures Are Becoming Scarily Real Before Tony Fadell Designed The iPod, He Started This Venture To Get His Start How This Google Employee Transformed His Career During A Bad Job Market Why Failure Should Be the Bedrock Of Your Success This VR Filmmaker Started Out Selling Avocados and Helping Friends With Record Labels How “Epic Rap Battle” Star EpicLLOYD Carves Out His Creative Identity Uber Is Headed To The Sky--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Ideas Ideas How A Man With No Coding Experience Built An App That’s Bringing Solar Power To Yemen Ideas Using Shazam To Counter Misogynistic Lyrics, And Other World Changing Ad Campaigns Ideas The Dangerous Mission To Undermine North Korea With Flash Drives Entertainment Entertainment Dove Matches Its New Body Wash Bottles To Your Body Type–UPDATE–And People Hate It Entertainment Why Pay For Another Art Book When You Can Download It For Free? Entertainment SNL’s “Handmaid’s Tale” Is An Oblivious-Dude Dystopia That’s Too Real Co.Design Product Our Obsession With Ikea Has Gone Too Far: Meet The Frakta Thong Spaces Snøhetta Designs The Ultimate Vacation Cabin Graphics 10 New Designs For The “I Voted” Sticker Fast Company Ideas How A Man With No Coding Experience Built An App That’s Bringing Solar Power To Yemen Ideas Using Shazam To Counter Misogynistic Lyrics, And Other World Changing Ad Campaigns Leadership What These New Grads Wish They Knew Before Starting Their First Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Terms Contact About Us Site Map Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC </noscript></body></html>
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad iPhone 8 is 'on track' for September announcement - and WILL go on sale in October Latest iPhone 8 rumor said Apple is 'on track' with its traditional timeline Suggested firm will unveil the iPhone 8 in Sept, allowing it to go on sale in Oct Report noted that manufacturing troubles have recently improved  By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 11:49 EDT, 8 May 2017 | Updated: 11:53 EDT, 8 May 2017 e-mail 16 shares 15 View comments Numerous rumors floating around the web have suggested Apple's highly anticipated iPhone 8 is far behind schedule. However, a new report has revealed just the opposite - the firm is 'on track' with its traditional timeline and will announce the smartphone in September and release it in October. The delay was believed to have been caused by manufacturing troubles of the 'new substrate-like circuit boards' that are in all three of the new handsets, but sources have revealed that 'yields of these components have been improved'. Scroll down for video  Rumors floating around the web have suggested Apple's highly anticipated iPhone 8 (artist impression) is way behind schedule. A new report revealed the opposite - the firm is 'on track' with its traditional timeline and will announce the smartphone in Sept and release it in Oct IPHONE 8 RUMORS   Several rumors have been circulating about the iPhone 8, and suggest the next device may have:  - Dual-lens 3D camera  - Augmented reality to generate real-time views of surroundings  - Curved glass casing - Plastic OLED screen  - Wireless charging  - A folding element  - New 5 inch (12.7 centimeter) and 5.8 inch (14.7 centimeter) model, which will have a wraparound OLED screen  - 5.8 inch will be designed with the Touch ID finger print sensor 'under the glass and in the active display area'  - A new 'pure white' model  - Aluminum back will be replaced with two reinforced glass panes and a metal frame in the middle  - Facial recognition -Premium model could cost $1,000 Rumors and leaks of Apple's next generation smartphone have been the talk of the web since the release of the iPhone 7. Although the iPhone 7 sold out within a week of hitting the market, many saw it as nothing more than a refreshed iPhone 6 – putting pressure on Apple to impress its users this year. And if all of the rumors that have been floating around the web are true, it seems the firm is pulling out all the stops for the iPhone 8 family.  However, developing a complete redesign of the smartphone seems to have added a few bumps in the road. Many reports have said the iPhone would not be released until October or not at all this year because the firm is still working on developing and refining all of the new cutting-edge technology. But according to Economic Daily News (via Digitimes), 'there will be no delay for the launch of the next generation iPhone devices'. The report has revealed that Apple's suppliers, 'including Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC), SLP (substrate-like PCB) makers Zhen Ding Technology and Kinsus Interconnect Technology, and battery supplier Simplo Technology, are ready to ramp up related iPhone parts 'starting June. TSMC will begin fabricating the wafer starts needed for the production of A11 processes on June 10 and to deliver the chips in volume quantity in the second half of July, the report indicated. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Facebook TV? Netflix-style service could be arriving as... Burger King's smart speaker stunt revealed how easy it is to... Alexa gets a screen: Amazon's 'Knight' touchscreen gadget... Is Apple taking the Mickey? Citigroup claims Netflix, Hulu,... Share this article Share 16 shares And suppliers have been able to improve the yield rates of SLP products, allowing for volume production of the SLP materials to start in June. It was also discovered that 'iPhone assemblers Foxconn Electronics, Winstron and Pegatron are accelerating the recruitment and training of new workers in China in preparation of mass production of the new iPhone,' said the report. The report has revealed that Apple's suppliers, 'including Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company ,SLP makers Zhen Ding Technology and Kinsus Interconnect Technology, and battery supplier Simplo Technology, are ready to ramp up related iPhone parts  starting June (artist impression) The news comes less than a week from a JP Morgan analyst had suggested there is a 'high likelihood' that the tech giant will preview the iPhone 8 at the World Developers Conference in June – a move that breaks five years of tradition.  However, the New York-based financial firm has not supported its prediction with any real evidence, 9to5Mac reported. Instead, the analyst warned Apple investors that they should not be surprised by weak summer sales - suggesting users will be waiting to purchase the iPhone 8 come the fall. Although the timeline sounds out of the Cupertino company's tradition, the firm first began releasing its handset at the conference and put a stop to it with the iPhone 4 in 2010. The news comes less than a week from a JP Morgan analyst had suggested there is a 'high likelihood' that the tech giant will preview the iPhone 8 (artist impression) at the World Developers Conference in June – a move that breaks five years of tradition  But the unveiling and release date of the iPhone 8 has been a roller coaster over the past few months – some predicted it will be out in Oct or Nov, while others told users they will have to wait until 2018.  An analyst from Deutsche Bank had released a research note on Tuesday, which stated Apple will not launch its 10th anniversary smartphone in 2017. The note had pointed at 'key component shortages and technical challenges' as the culprits behind the major delay. The note, which was first reported on by Business Insider, surfaced on Sunday is based on a report from ValueWalk. 'Report suggests no new iPhone 8 this calendar year,' the analysts wrote. 'As we have written in previous [research notes], several supply chain reports have suggested that key component shortages and technical challenges could delay the release of a high-end iPhone 8 device this fall.' TIMELINE: TEN YEARS OF IPHONES  2007:  After being unveiled in January, the first iPhone goes on sale amid passionate Apple fan reaction and queues outside retail stores. 2008: On July 11 2008 the second generation iPhone 3G launches, including in a white color option for the first time.  2009: The iPhone 3GS goes on sale in June, and sales for the year reach more than 25 million. 2010: The introduction of the iPhone 4 includes the first major redesign of the iPhone. The front and back casing are both made of glass for the first time, with a steel trim and edges. 2011: The iPhone 4s is introduced, including voice assistant Siri for the first time. 2012: The iPhone 5 ushers in another redesign, this time increasing the screen size to four inches for the first time. 2013:  Another 's' model, this time the iPhone 5s, is launched. The first iPhone to include a fingerprint scanner integrated into the home button, known as Touch ID. 2014: In September the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are unveiled, offering the iPhone in two sizes for the first time – both of which have increased screen sizes on previous generations at 4.7 and 5.5 inches respectively. 2015: In September the 6s and 6s Plus are released, complete with a new pressure sensitive screen. 2016: In September the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are announced, with the Plus housing a dual rear camera for the first time that is designed to capture images to rival that of a digital camera. 'We believe this report further underscores the uncertainty around the timing of Apple's next- generation iPhone model.' ValueWalk released insider information it had received from anonymous supply chain sources 'within the critical Foxconn corporation' that packaging materials for the iPhone 8 are not expected to arrive until June – leaving Apple little time to ramp up productions and release a cutting-edge device. Although sources noted this will send many iOS users into a frenzy, they assured the tech giant will still 'do something outstanding' in honor of the iPhone's 10-year anniversary. Prior to the disheartening news, the majority of rumors had suggested that the iPhone 8 would simply be late and not cancelled.   An analyst from Deutsche Bank had released a research note on Tuesday, which stated Apple will not launch its 10th anniversary smartphone (artist impression) in 2017. The note pointed at 'key component shortages and technical challenges' as the culprits behind the major delay A another report from March revealed that the Cupertino firm would not start mass production of the so-called iPhone 8 until September.  This was believed to be a result of Apple's custom fingerprint sensor that is set to replace the TouchID – the firm is believed to be building its own system and needed more time for manufacturing. It was suggested that Apple has passed over both the Synaptic's Natural ID touch fingerprint sensor and Qualcomm's Sense ID for the iPhone. It is, however, going with its own technology for a fingerprint recognition solution – Authentec algorithm combined with Privaris glass identification technology. LARGER BATTERY  Analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities has revealed that Apple plans to put a larger battery in the 4.7-inch iPhone 8.  Kuo explained that it will be designed with a 2,700 mAh battery - putting its battery capacity on par with the iPhone 7 Plus.  Another feature rumored to appear in Apple's next iPhone is a larger 'L' shaped battery (middle', which would put battery capacity on par with the iPhone 7 Plus Will use a 'substrate-like PCB mainboard', which will allow the firm to implement an OLED display in the flagship handset.  The new components are believed to be much more expensive in anything used in an iPhone before, which could increase manufacturing costs by 80 percent.  However, it was revealed last week that iOS users should expect to pay a hefty price tag for their next iPhone. 'Apple's in-house developed fingerprint ID solution will be fabricated at TSMC's 12-inch line using 65nm process technology, sources told DigitTimes in a March interview. The sources also said the move would push production for the OLED iPhone back until September, which means the handset will not go on sale until October.  The firm might also just release the two minor-upgrade devices in September and leave the premium version for a later date. But with all the technology that is causing the highly-anticipated smartphones delays, users should start preparing themselves to pay $1,000 for their iPhone 8 when it does finally launch.    Read more: Apple may delay new iPhone launch to October-November, says paper Launch of next-generation iPhone 8 may be pushed to October or November, says report | 9to5Mac Deutsche Bank discusses possibility of iPhone 8 not launching in 2017 - Business Insider Apple Will Not Release iPhone 8 This Year [REPORT] New iPhone mass production on schedule, says report JPMorgan analyst makes outlandish claim that Apple will preview iPhone 8 at WWDC in June | 9to5Mac Share or comment on this article e-mail 16 shares Most watched News videos Is this the best car used advert ever? Vitara gets CGI treatment Playboy model INCHES away from causing Giro d'Italia crash Elephant puts it foot down to break up Ostrich fight Cunning rabbit evades rescuers as it hides under cars Cow angrily attacks anoconda that killed it's newborn calf Dog makes 1,500 mile to trip to join cancer-suffering owner Armed moped gangs terrorise residents of Battersea Moment super strong baby moves his own bed across room Plane struggles to land safely during huge gusts of high winds Social media star films mass brawl at diner in Albany Beach that washed away 33 years ago reappears after freak tide Two neighbours in angry dispute as they argue over territory Crane crashes to the ground injuring ten people after... Animals on the front line: The brave dogs, horses and... That's one EEL of a catch! Eel hunts and then gobbles up... Are you puggin' my leg? Puppy gets tricked by his owner... You've missed a bit, dear! Brave wife risks her life... The greatest second-hand car advert of all time! Visual... Burger King ‘Buy One Get One Free’ coupons make food MORE... British Playboy bunny almost causes Giro d’Italia... Explorer films himself making his way through abandoned... So Vlad you could make it! Vladimir Putin surprises his... Miraculous moment bystanders CATCH a toddler, 2, falling... Incredible moment ‘super-strength’ baby shows off his... The start of the pier show: Vintage postcards show... German pensioner who terrorised his neighbours by... From playing Nintendo and listening to Madonna to being... Shocking moment a kangaroo reaches through its enclosure... Shocking pictures show fridges, filthy sofas and even... Ready to use those tough negotiating skills, Monsieur... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 15 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Saturn's mysterious hexagonal storm gets its moment in the sun: Stunning new Cassini image shows giant jet... Do parallel universes exist? Gravitational waves could be the key to discovering an extra dimension New UK facility to test engines for a spaceplane that will take tourists into orbit at five times the speed... Back with a bang! Top secret Air Force X-37B lands with a sonic boom after spending two YEARS in space but... The 'dragon-skin' ice in Antarctica researchers warn is a sign of 'dark chaos' in the planet's frozen oceans The AI that can help you choose a safe password: Interactive site offers help to keep hackers at bay How much would YOU pay for a self-driving car? Study finds the average driver will shell out $4,900 (and pay... How climate change could kill off reptiles: Researchers warn small increases in temperature cause massive... Amazon's touchscreen Alexa could launch TOMORROW: Smart speaker set for major update and will able to make... The stunning interactive video that reveals what New York City sounded like 400 years ago Google reveals mysterious 'Fuchsia' operating system that could replace Android and be used on computers BACTERIA could mean the end of the pothole: Radical self repairing road can 'grow' into cracks Are Wi-Fi signals letting hackers see into your home? Study finds microwave signals can be used to create 3D... What it's REALLY like to spacewalk: NASA releases stunning 'action cam' footage of astronauts working 250... That really WAS a lot of April showers: Records reveal second wettest month on record MORE HEADLINES Saturn's mysterious hexagonal storm gets its moment in the sun: Stunning new Cassini image shows giant jet stream twice the diameter of the Earth The 'dragon-skin' ice in Antarctica researchers warn is a sign of 'dark chaos' in the planet's frozen oceans So much for Stradivarius: People think cheap new violins sound better than expensive models Do parallel universes exist? Gravitational waves could be the key to discovering an extra dimension Blink and you'll miss it! Toyota Land Cruiser smashes speed record at 230mph to become world's fastest SUV Facebook TV? Netflix-style service could be arriving as early as June, claim industry insiders Is YOUR phone using ultrasonic sounds to secretly spy on you? Researchers find hundreds of apps using controversial technology Skygazer captures incredible image of Jupiter 'close' to the moon: Here's how to see it for yourself in the coming months Colonoscopy 'capsule robot' could make the diagnosis of bowel conditions more comfortable iPhone 8 is 'on track' for September announcement - and WILL go on sale in October The formula for choosing the fastest queue: Focus on service time and not length, and always go LEFT Barren, flat and almost entirely under water: What Earth was like 4.4 billion years ago The AI that can help you choose a safe password: Interactive site offers help to keep hackers at bay How stripy T-shirts and zebras could trigger migraines: Experts say sufferers' brains may react when they see black and white bar patterns Brain injuries can make people more religious: Scientists discover lesions linked to spiritual belief and extremism MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Feelin' So Good! Inseparable Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez hold hands on dinner date stroll in NYC Week after first public appearance as a couple Cristiano Ronaldo's girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez displays her sizzling beach body and pert behind in TINY bikini as the couple enjoy romantic break in Ibiza Mean girls! Jennie Garth and Tori Spelling reignite feud with former 90210 costar Tiffani Thiessen and refuse to speak her name Mocked her Back in black leather! Bra-free Kim Kardashian is a tall drink of naughty as she squeezes into sexy outfit while filming KUWTK with Jonathan Cheban 'Welcome to the world!' Bristol Palin gives birth to baby girl Atlee Bay - with thrilled grandma grizzly Sarah among the first to wish congratulations Single siren! Joanna Krupa steps out in mini dress for lunch as split from husband Romain Zago becomes public She put her long legs on display Puppy love! Paris Jackson smooches her dog during a lunchtime outing in Los Angeles The 19-year-old couldn't stop kissing her dog, Koa Bear Jimmy Kimmel returns to his show to defend emotional healthcare speech as he reveals baby son is on the mend after life-saving heart surgery  Sean 'Diddy' Comb's ex chef alleges he and his pals exposed themselves to her... as rapper calls her sexual harassment lawsuit 'frivolous' As hot as the Sahara desert! Justin Bieber's racy ex Ray flaunts her sideboob in a high cut swimsuit one week after posing topless Former flame Rumer Willis dresses down in sweat pants as she takes pooch on shopping spree in LA The 28-year-old was looking as good as ever despite her casual outfit What sorcery is this? Poppy Delevingne and Annabelle Wallis look magical in elegant gowns at the LA premiere of King Arthur Stars of the new movie 'I'm Conrad motherf***ing Hilton, don't you forget it': Paris Hilton's brother filmed unleashing homophobic and racist rant at police While being arrested Looking like a Milian bucks: Christina wows in green gown at King Arthur premiere in Los Angeles Held a very glittery clutch and wore silver earrings Split! Real Housewives Of Miami star Joanna Krupa 'broke it off with husband of four years Romain Zago FIVE MONTHS ago' Kept it secret for months HAIR over heels in love: Sophie Turner jumps for joy on New York City walk with boyfriend Joe Jonas They were the picture of young love 'Blame the viewers': Bonner Bolton gets booted off DWTS after harsh criticism from judge Len Goodman The 29-year-old bull rider was voted off Phaedra Parks 'fired' from Real Housewives of Atlanta after admitting she started 'drug and date rape' rumor about co-star Kandi Burruss Made ugly allegations Bald Cara Delevingne looks sleepy while jetting out of LA the day after attending the MTV Movie Awards She had a full day Monday Keeping it in the family! Kiera Chaplin looks stunning in a goddess inspired gown at awards ceremony named after her grandfather Every inch the star Flex appeal! Julianne Hough reveals toned arms and legs in asymmetric dress on the red carpet for Dancing With The Stars Highlighted her fit figure Getting crazy with their mini-me kids! Nick and Vanessa Lachey pull faces as they pose in Los Angeles with son Camden and daughter Brooklyn Fly girl! Jennifer Lopez jumps into action as she films subway scene in New York for Shades Of Blue Snapped filming an action sequence Scott Disick has drinks thrown at him by Kim and Khloe Kardashian (and even Kris Jenner) after he takes a woman on family trip Fans left agape 'Surprise! We are pregnant!' Jason Aldean and wife Brittany Kerr are expecting their first child together The couple announced she is pregnant Flawless couple! Dwyane Wade supports his gorgeous wife Gabrielle Union at her beauty product party in Miami By her side Twins! Danny DeVito and look-alike daughter Lucy flash identical smirks at the Actors Fund Gala Joined him at the gala as he was honored 'I hope she is fearless': Channing Tatum pens sweet essay about his daughter Everly and how he wants her to grow up to be like her mom Jenna Dewan Baywatch's Donna D'Errico reveals she had 'arm-lift, tummy tuck, lipo and a fat transfer to my buttocks' in a SINGLE DAY Baywatch beauty Jodie Sweetin's ex Justin Hodak headed to prison for six years and eight months in double felony conviction Hodak also must turn in a gun he possesses Nikki Reed posts another photo of her baby bump as she models her clothing line on social media Married to Vampire Diaries star Ian '10 years and going!' Make-up free Jordana Brewster and husband Andrew Form share a romantic kiss after celebrating wedding anniversary Not long now! Teen Mom Kailyn Lowry shows off her bump on girls' night with Amber Portwood Relazing at a hotel in Los Angeles 'I shouldn't get emotional again': Millie Bobby Brown pokes fun of weepy speech before heading out of LA Star of Netflix series Stranger Things Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her extreme cleavage in revealing social snaps Mom's the word! Kourtney Kardashian shows off her slender form in ripped jeans for lunch with Kim Wore a loose cropped sweatshirt So in love! Zachary Quinto and boyfriend Miles McMillan pack on the PDA in NYC The pair kept a tight hold on each other as they strolled through NYC 'Check it out!' Celebrity realtor Ryan Serhant teases Million Dollar Listing's 'insane' sixth season Begins airing on Bravo later this month 'Three of my awards got taken': Rachel Griffiths reveals her Golden Globe and two SAG awards were STOLEN from her home last year That's amore! Ricky Martin and Edgar Ramirez embrace as lovers Gianni Versace and Antonio D'Amico during filming for American Crime Story The oldest hipster in town! Michael Douglas, 72, unveils a hirsute new look as he attends Chaplin Award gala Sported plenty of facial hair She can't keep her clothes on! Courtney Stodden flashes her sideboob as she shows off her new hair color in Instagram clip Flaunting her curves Lisa Rinna and Amelia Hamlin have a mother-daughter shopping spree at Marc Jacobs in West Hollywood Enjoyed a little retail therapy All aboard the love boat! Kylie Jenner kisses new beau Travis Scott while partying on a sleek vessel at Miami's River Yacht Club Living the high life Demi Lovato splits from MMA fighter boyfriend Guilherme Vasconcelos The former couple first connected on a romantic level last July My little angel! Kim Kardashian shares sweet photo of Saint West with her Instagram fans  Kim doted on her one-year-old son Just another day at the office! Lady Gaga displays her fit physique in a bodysuit on A Star Is Born set Filming the 4th remake of the film since April Priyanka Chopra jets home after heart-warming UNICEF trip to help underprivileged children in Zimbabwe and South Africa Arrived back in LA I'll take one in every color! LeAnn Rimes wears red version of her favorite lace-up top Doesn't mind buying the same top in multiple colors Is 'ribcage bragging' the most worrying trend yet? This latest celebrity Instagram craze takes the cult of skinny to a new low An example to girls 'It made me a little sad': Harrison Ford reveals he was jealous when he saw Ryan Gosling 'working with a naked woman' on Blade Runner 2049 set Tiffany Trump looks studious in a tweed jacket as she attends a fashion show hours after it's revealed she'll attend law school at Georgetown University Richard Simmons accuses his ex-assistant of blackmail, stalking and extortion for selling 'cruel' sex change story Made claims in a lawsuit Angie Bowie steals the show in head-turning ensemble at premiere of new film Beside Bowie... despite her tumultuous past with late rocker Colourful figure 'He is completely besotted': Harry Styles 'is dating Naked Diet chef Tess Ward after being introduced through mutual friends' One Direction hunk 'I wouldn't be working either': Kim Zolciak reveals 20-year-old daughter Brielle is making six figures on social media Doesn't need a job Emily Ratajkowski goes topless in ANOTHER provocative selfie as she cheekily covers her perky cleavage with her hands Took to Instagram 'Not much competition': Liam Gallagher tells fans his solo single is coming... as he takes ANOTHER swipe at brother Noel and Damon Albarn Make-up free in Manhattan! Taylor Hill enjoys springtime stroll in trendy camo jacket with boyfriend Michael Stephen Shank and their pooch 'I am TOO OLD to play wife of a 57-year-old!' Orange Is the New Black star Jamie Denbo, 43, calls out ageism and sexism in Hollywood with epic Twitter rant  'Not funny!' Get Out star Allison Williams is slammed for making 'racist' jokes at the MTV Movie & TV awards Brian Williams' daughter caught in controversy Olympic swimmer Michael Phelps celebrates son Boomer's first birthday with a SHARK ATTACK-themed party - complete with toothy cake 'We got to keep it real, honey': Katy Perry teases consequence for Taylor Swift's Bad Blood as she discusses new album Made feisty comment  'Are you pregnant yet?': Newlywed Jinger Duggar Vuolo fends off her sisters' questions in teaser for third season of Counting On TLC released new clip  Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski giggle while feigning surprise about SNL skit spoofing their sexual tension (and then claim they did not watch the episode) Meet and greet and snap a selfie: Hoda Kotb poses with Megyn Kelly after bumping into her new NBC co-worker at 30 Rock Smiled big for camera Ja Rule and Fyre Festival partner Billy McFarland are accused of running a 'Ponzi scheme' in $100 million class action suit against Fyre Festival organizers Scott Disick's new girl Ella Ross dresses down in a Bardot top and jeans as she joins the reality star at Nobu... after ex Kourtney vows to get revenge on him  SECRETS OF AN A-LIST BODY: How to get shoulders like Hollywood actress Jessica Chastain Wowed when she attended NYC's Met Ball She's back! Vanessa Hudgens looks radiant as she hits the Today show in NYC to perform new song after a four-year hiatus Returning to music 'I don't get to be hot very often': Kendall Jenner claims her shoots aren't sexy enough... even though she has posed in her undies for years Oh buoy! Natasha Oakley swaps her bikinis for revealing red one-piece during a Baywatch-inspired run along the beach Channeling Pamela 'I'll wear what I want - it's MY body!': This Is Us star Chrissy Metz hits back at haters after they criticize her red PVC dress at MTV Awards Actress caught attention EXCLUSIVE: Teresa Giudice in violation of her supervised release from prison by failing to report being questioned by police probation officer charges  Ryan Seacrest 'doesn't know' if he can handle hosting American Idol again because of his packed work schedule Just signed up to work with Kelly Ripa Tyga's rumored former fling Demi Rose exhibits her ample cleavage and pert derriere in a series of scantily clad images The 22-year-old oozed sex appeal  Bachelor star Chris Soules charged with hit and run causing death over fatal car crash that killed his 66-year-old neighbor as arraignment is set for May 23 Orlando Bloom walks pooch identical to former flame Katy Perry's adorable dog in Malibu as he remains 'good friends' with ex-girlfriend It suits her! Newly bald model Cara Delevingne rocks a Sia wig as she sprints with Jaden Smith on the Toronto set of their flick Life In A Year Michael Buble's wife Luisana Lopilato shares adorable snap on beach as family returns to spotlight after young son Noah's 'miracle' cancer recovery Bill Clinton is using insider details to write a thriller called The President is Missing with James Patterson Book is set for release in June next year 'He has perfect vision in both eyes... the rest can be fixed': Kim Zolciak gives update on son Kash after his dog bite as husband Kroy joins her on WWHL Meet the Winstones! Movie hardman Ray proudly shows off his wife Elaine and actress daughter Ellie-Rae at star-studded premiere of his new film Jawbone 'I suffer from stage fright!': Salma Hayek, 50, finally admits her secret fear after working as an actress for 30 years Freaked out at thought of appearing live Still a Top Gun! Val Kilmer is seen running into LAX airport after admitting he has cancer but is doing fine after a 'healing' Star, 57, looked spry Fun in the sun! Former beauty queen Katherine Webb flashes her toned abs in a blue bikini while enjoying a day at the pool with 11-month-old son Tripp Getting his Kit off! Game Of Thrones' Harington shows off his buff physique in a pair of swimming trunks as he makes a splash in Santorini Arrested! Planet Of The Apes actress Estella Warren is taken in for misdemeanor domestic violence after 'pouring cleaning fluid on her boyfriend' Harrison Ford pulls gun on bloodied Ryan Gosling while Jared Leto is shown for first time in official trailer for Blade Runner 2049 In a dystopian future Now THAT'S a wedding bill! From the lavish marquee to the luxury gown, experts believe Pippa Middleton's big day could cost as much as $300,000 Tori Spelling calls husband Dean McDermott 'the hottest soccer dad I know' as she celebrates their 11th wedding anniversary Golden girl! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, confidently shows off her figure in skimpy metallic bikini as she enjoys a fun-filled day at the beach in Miami Boys night out! Father-of-six Sean 'Diddy' Combs, 47, lights up Miami club with Brooklyn rapper Joey Bada$$, 22 Party night for pair Cara Delevingne's tattoo-inspired buzz-cut and Amandla Stenberg's blue lipstick top FEMAIL's list of beauty looks from the MTV Movie and TV Awards George Clooney hilariously photobombs couple Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber... after celebrating his 56th birthday with a trip to Europe Taking a break from the catwalk! Victoria's Secret star Elsa Hosk reveals she has injured leg while scooting around NYC as she gets kiss from beau EXCLUSIVE - Tiffany Trump goes to Washington: First Daughter will attend law school at Georgetown, joining dad Donald and sister Ivanka in DC Barack Obama plays it cool as he jets into the home of fashion: Former President wears an open-necked shirt and shades in Milan on two-day visit to Italy Don't they know she's a VIP? Khloe Kardashian doesn't get special treatment at LA airport as she has to wait in line and strip off jacket She likes J-Rod...but not A-Lo! Jennifer Lopez talks nicknames for new relationship with former Yankees star Alex Rodriguez adding she 'loves' his dance moves EXCLUSIVE: Paul Walker's father opens up about actor's tragic death and admits he  had qualms about watching The Fate of the Furious Vincent-N-Raunchy! Zoe Kravitz puts on a VERY revealing display as she goes topless in explicit scenes with her co-star Emile Hirsch in their upcoming movie Retirement trotting along nicely: Prince Philip flies solo for a weekend with friends at the Catton Hall carriage driving trials in England Royal is 96 in June First look: Will & Grace cast show their faces in poster for NBC's reboot of the classic TV series... and they look like they haven't aged one bit She quit! Jennifer Morrison announces departure from TV's Once Upon A Time after current sixth season Took to Instagram to break news 'He still lives inside me': Caitlyn Jenner says Bruce is a part of her because she admires the man who won the Olympics and raised 'great kids' Still stunning! Dolly Parton, 71, glows in bright green during parade in Tennessee after revealing in new book she nearly committed suicide Who needs a swanky dinner! Celine Dion shares throwback snap of herself eating a street HOT DOG in her Versace gown after attending her first Met Gala (Fifty) Shades of Blue! Jennifer Lopez strips down to her lingerie as she enjoys steamy romp with on-screen love interest Gino Anthony Pesi Friends in high places! Tom Cruise receives a special visit from French culture minister Audrey Azoulay as he films chase scene for Mission Impossible 6 in Paris How DOES Macron's wife defy her age? Experts claim hair extensions, veneers and subtle cosmetic surgery keep Brigitte Trogneux, 64, looking so youthful Gordon Ramsay sends his Twitter followers into meltdown when he COMPLIMENTS a fan's dish - ending a streak of blistering attacks on amateur chefs' efforts Powering through! Rapper Machine Gun Kelly still suffers chest pains from fractured sternum as he bravely continues to tour for his fans Drinking her breakfast! Vanessa Hudgens carries a smoothie and orange juice as steps out in LA with Kardashian-style camo jacket PICTURED: Keith Urban's bitter 'first love' Angie Marquis surfaces after saying she REGRETS ever getting involved with the country music star Hugh got served! Jackman gets a jokey rebuke from young co-star Dafne Keen after Wolverine actor takes over the microphone at MTV Awards Showing off those dancer legs! Jennifer Lopez, 47, flaunts her toned gams as she heads to Today Show in NYC Looking sexy as ever Is it a bird? Is it a plane? Harry Styles soars through the sky in new music video for Sign Of The Times - sending fans into meltdown Relaxing in Style-s! Singer Harry 'purchases luxurious NYC apartment complete with 71-foot indoor pool and a private spa worth $9 MILLION' The Lord is your (home hunting) shepherd! Scott Disick to host new house-flipping show executive produced by Kris Jenner Big deal for Kourtney ex  Green goddess! Queen Letizia of Spain looks radiant in emerald as she welcomes the President and First Lady of Costa Rica to the royal palace in Madrid Is this what Meghan Markle will wear if she marries Prince Harry? Video of Suits star donning gown made of toilet tissue surfaces as wedding rumors heat up Justin Bieber soaks up the sun alongside a bevy of bikini-clad beauties as he enjoys a break from rigorous world tour at Dubai pool party Girl's gone Wildling! Game Of Thrones' Rose Leslie and beau Kit Harington go exploring on ATVs as they enjoy romantic break in sunny Santorini 'It's not a compliment to me!' Lena Dunham hits back after her recent weight loss is featured on magazine cover... as she shares own 'slimdown tips' Paris Jackson keeps it VERY casual at MTV Movie & TV Awards as she, Jourdan Dunn and Farrah Abraham lead stars who missed the mark on red carpet 'I'm thinking about the guys I'm going to f***': Kourtney Kardashian vows revenge after Scott Disick secretly brings fling to Costa Rica trip 'I'm a pawn': Porsha Williams turns on Phaedra Parks over Kandi Burruss 'date rape' rumors on RHOA Reunion Explosive climax to show Same hair, don't care! Cara Delevingne and Amber Rose sport VERY similar peroxide blonde buzz-cuts as they cozy up at MTV Movie and TV Awards 'Thanks for sticking with me!' Barack Obama pays tribute to Michelle and jokes it 'wasn't clear' whether she'd leave him once they left White House A kiss for luck! Meghan Markle and Prince Harry in tender embrace as he joins forces with brother William to beat rival polo team  Stranger Things co-stars Natalia Dyer and Charlie Heaton step out together at the MTV Movie & TV Awards...after months of romance rumors  'Set vibez': Kim Kardashian rocks pink hair while wearing a tiny crop top with matching underwear Showed off her flat stomach and full chest  Something to tell us? Zac Efron plants a kiss on his co-star and possible real life love interest Alexandra Daddario at the MTV Movie & TV Awards  Mel B shows off toned legs in a revealing boho slit dress as she visits nail salon with daughter Madison... amid bitter divorce battle with Stephen Belafonte 'I loved it': Ruby Rose admits Keanu Reeves elbowed her in the FACE while filming John Wick 2...but she didn't mind one bit  Sexy OITNB star Sunday best! Kourtney Kardashian takes the plunge in black top and ripped jeans as she attends church with children Looked relaxed She's found her Prince Charming! Bindi Irwin and boyfriend Chandler Powell look smitten as they walk hand-in-hand around Disney's Epcot Park 'They say thank you all the time': Alec Baldwin reveals he's always complimented on Trump impersonation and is 'slapped on the back' by New Yorkers Kylie Jenner shows off her eye-popping bust and full pout in plunging bralet as she documents night out in sizzling social media snaps 'My butt isn't big enough to be fake!' Instagram star Jen Selter reveals her secret to getting one of Instagram's most famous posteriors Here comes the bride! Former Shahs of Sunset star Lilly Ghalichi stuns in a custom made bridal dress in lavish Beverly Hills wedding She found happiness You can stand under his umbrella-ella-ella! Spiderman's Tom Holland flaunts his feminine side as he channels Rihanna on Lip Sync Battle 'He's committed the ultimate betrayal!' Nicole Kidman 'can't stand' that her 'best buddy' Russell Crowe is working with her 'loathed' ex Tom Cruise 'Been chopping wood all weekend': Supermodel Shanina Shaik trades her heels for Timberlands as she deftly wields an axe in forest in Woodstock, NY 'Not OK!' Model Iskra Lawrence calls out lingerie company for using Photoshop on images of her to put their bras onto her body Unnamed brand Jennifer Lopez blows a kiss at beau A-Rod as he dutifully snaps away for social media  Sweet snap of herself and her baseball love on Sunday 'Is somebody smoking a fish in here?' Amy Schumer has extreme reaction to body paint in hilarious spoof Guardians Of The Galaxy audition  New Duke of Westminster, 26, becomes the richest young person EVER after inheriting $12BILLION Joins a host of fledgling aristocrats under 30  'Empathy should have no limits': Emma Watson wins first 'gender free' category as Beauty and the Beast dominates the MTV Movie & TV Awards Out and proud Stranger Things actress Shannon Purser glams up for MTV Movie & TV Awards after revealing she's bisexual Played Barb in the show Rebel Wilson debuts new boyfriend Aden Stay at MTV Movie Awards after donning teapot costume for elaborate Beauty and the Beast performance Shining star! Allison Williams dazzles in sequins as she steps out for MTV Movie & TV Awards Looked every inch the stunning star Amber Rose flashes skin in tiny red crop top as she joins glam Cara Delevigne, Hailee Steinfeld and Zendaya... before HAIL washes out MTV Awards arrivals Terrifying Pennywise emerges from the sewer as young It cast reveals sneak preview of Stephen King horror film at MTV Movie and TV Awards Stranger Things have happened! Millie Bobby Brown wins big at the MTV Awards... as the Netflix series is named Show Of The Year and she lands Best Actor From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Is YOUR phone using ultrasonic sounds to secretly spy on you? Researchers find hundreds of apps using controversial technology 9 comments 1 video Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 30 Exciting Things You Can Do With the Apple Watch Josh Smith03/22/2017 The Apple Watch is a smartwatch that connects to your iPhone to deliver notifications and run apps. Also known as the iWatch or iPhone watch, there are many things the Apple Watch can do. Here are 30 of the most exciting things you can do with the Apple Watch with watchOS 3.0 and the latest updates to the Apple Watch that arrive very soon. Whether you are new to Apple’s wearable, looking to buy one or a long time user — the Apple Watch can do much more than when it first came out. It’s even ready for a trip to the movies with a new theater mode that comes in watchOS 3.2. The Apple Watch can help you be more productive, lose weight, get in shape and we even used it to save money. Some people can even use it to make money. What is the Apple Watch? The Apple Watch Series 2 (aka Apple Watch 2) and the Series 1 are on store shelves. The Series 2 is a massive upgrade with a waterproof design, upgraded processor, and built-in GPS. The Series 1 is the original watch, but with a better processor. The Apple Watch Series 1 price starts at $269 for the Sport edition. The Apple Watch Series 2 is $369 and $399 for the Sport version with a 38mm and 42mm face respectively. Ther is a Nike+ Apple Watch that starts at $369. The Apple Watch Hermes starts at $1,249 as does the Ceramic Apple Watch Edition. Here’s more on which Apple Watch you should buy. What Can the Apple Watch Do? The watchOS 3.0 features make your watch faster, add more controls and new watch faces. This connects with the iOS 10 features to let your Apple Watch do more. The Apple Watch delivers faster access to many of your common activities. This is not the first smart watch, nor is it the first watch that connects to the iPhone, but it is definitely one that interests a lot of users. While you consider if the Apple Watch is worth buying or look for what you can do with your new watch this is what you need to know. Here is a look at the most exciting and useful things you can do with the Apple Watch. Answer Calls on the Apple Watch   1 / 30 You can answer a call on your Apple Watch using it as a small Bluetooth speaker phone. After using a similar feature from a Samsung watch we know you'll definitely want to use this only for short calls and to be conscious of where you are taking calls. If you wouldn't talk on speakerphone, you shouldn't talk on your Apple Watch. You cannot answer a FaceTime or FaceTime Audio call on the Apple Watch. You can choose to answer and transfer a call to the iPhone.    1 / 30 21 Responses 04/26/2015 Michel Denault Reply Number 24 isn’t quite clear ,,not explained right ,I still don’t get it ,find ur iPhone ,,I don’t see nothing to locate your iPhone 12/30/2015 Michel Denault Reply I agree with Michel Denault ,,number 24 is showing the wrong picture for missing iPhone ,, 09/12/2016 Hillary Reply You have to go to your glances and click the icon next to airplay. It will play an alert sound to find your iPhone. If you press and hold it will play the sound and flash a light to notify you 05/02/2015 Rosemary Ford Reply On the settings screen there’s a button to ping your phone, so if it’s nearby you’ll hear it. 06/01/2016 Nolan Reply Loll olio 04/20/2017 fifa coin generator free Reply b918fHello, i interpret your blog seldom and i own a comparable one and i was emphatically nosy qualification you get a lot of spam remarks? If hence how solve you stop it, a few plugin otherwise anything you can advise? I get so much lately it’s forceful me insane thus any stop is fantastically a large amount appreciated. b967 04/24/2017 fifa 13 coin generator xbox no download Reply If you wrote an article about life we’d all reach enlightenment. 05/08/2017 pvz 2 coin generator Reply Grade A stuff. I’m unquestionably in your debt. 01/02/2016 Christinerbruck Reply 2=11 my buddy’s step-mother makes $77 every hour on the internet . She has been unemployed for 10 months but last month her pay was $16929 just working on the internet for a few hours. go right here… See More 06/16/2016 mike Reply What’s more important, pushing your readers to another website because they were unable to read your article or lessening the impact of pop-up ad’s? 08/09/2016 Ms B Reply cool stuff..i had created this phone/watch in my mind about 10 years ago :) 09/05/2016 kadima Reply Ill only need the heart rate monitor..the rest am cool with using my phone, so i wont buy it. 10/08/2016 Adam Reply This article sucks. When one of the “exciting things” was share your heart beat, I should have turned back. But no, 8 wasted my time through item 15 11/09/2016 KP Reply I bailed at #3 as I realized it was just a rehash of features. Most of these are readily known in the 1st gen watch with os3. 03/08/2017 Loren Reply scan complete with no check marks next to the items so i hit next and it said complete but after watching your video i know that it didn do what it was supposed to do not sure wh&;382#0y. 01/14/2017 Grateful Reply This article convinced me NOT to buy this watch. Thanks….I needed that 02/07/2017 richard Reply Number 16 still available with watch OS 3 ? I’m not able to see that … 02/19/2017 Raymond Reply Yeah, it’s a lot of pish basically. 02/26/2017 Michael Thomas Moore Reply They forgot about unlocking your Mac book pro 03/09/2017 Fanny Reply BS low – raoitnality high! Really good answer! 03/20/2017 Brian Reply Wake me up when you don’t have to have your iPhone close by… Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Apple Clarifies That Drop in App Store Affiliate Commission Only Applies to In-App Purchases iPhone 8 Production on Schedule, Set for Unveiling in September and Release in October? T-Mobile Ends 'Free Data for Life' Tablet Offer for New Activations Amazon to Unveil New Echo With Screen Tomorrow? iPhone 8 to Feature 'Enhanced Receiver' With 'Further Improvements' to Sound and Waterproofing? You Can Now Post Photos From Instagram's Mobile Website Apple Updates Workflow to Restore Pocket and Google Chrome Actions, Adds Apple Music Actions Zip—Zap is Apple's Free 'App of the Week' [Download] Phil Schiller on the Amazon Echo, App Store Upgrades, Swift, More Harman Unveils 'Harman Kardon Invoke' Voice-Activated Speaker With Cortana Apple Extends Smart Keyboard Repair Policy to 3 Years [Report] Renders of Apple's Proposed Carnegie Library Store in Washington, D.C. YouTube Announces Free Original Shows Starring Kevin Hart, Ellen DeGeneres, Katy Perry, More More Images of New Amazon Echo Leaked in High Quality You Can Now Pay for Gas Using Your Apple Watch at ExxonMobil [Video] Bosch Wins Orders to Supply Apple With Motion Sensors for Next Generation iPhone [Report] New Amazon Echo With Touchscreen Leaked? [Photo] Apple and Amazon Near Agreement to Bring Amazon Video App to Apple TV Growth of iPhone Installed Base Slows in the U.S. [Report] Renders of Apple's Proposed Carnegie Library Store in Washington, D.C. LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 16 hours ago by iClarified · 1474 views · Translate Apple has shared renders of its proposed retail store that would occupy the former Carnegie Library in Washington, D.C. The Carnegie Library in Mount Vernon Square opened in 1903 as the first desegregated public build in the city. It was built with funds donated by steel tycoon Andrew Carnegie. Apple plans to restore the building to its original grandeur and will hold free concerts, art exhibitions, and various workshops at the location. Where the Carnegie Library once housed the city’s book collection, Apple plans a “Genius Grove,” a tree-lined sales floor where company reps will demonstrate how to maximize Apple products for music, photography or other passions. What long ago were reading rooms would become places to browse and sample Apple products. “This is a way of creating a reason to come to the store, to touch and feel our products, but also to have an engaging experience with someone who is passionate about the same thing,” said B.J. Siegel, Apple Retail’s senior design director. Apple plans on installing skylights above a central events area. It will present its plans to the Advisory Neighborhood Commission this evening. Take a look at a couple renders below... Read More Follow iClarified Comments (3) Add Comment Artur Moulin - 15 hours ago I suggest that the environmental provision of how to achieve a collective competence in the delivery of such a space. I advise the following evidence is provided. After all apple is making considerable edifices all as built statement. Time to show environmental responsibility by demonstrating the environmental impact and the collective competence apple does provide in these noble statements Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Artur Moulin - 15 hours ago That was Total Building Performance parameters regarding air quality, thermal quality , visual quality aural quality and building integrity. Verifying these apple show pieces are indeed the perfection sought and not environmentally irresponsible or albeit a sick building syndrome conundrum Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Nawar - 15 hours ago A 2nd grade kid could make better renders than these... Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Apple Clarifies That Drop in App Store Affiliate Commission Only Applies to In-App Purchases iPhone 8 Production on Schedule, Set for Unveiling in September and Release in October? T-Mobile Ends 'Free Data for Life' Tablet Offer for New Activations Amazon to Unveil New Echo With Screen Tomorrow? iPhone 8 to Feature 'Enhanced Receiver' With 'Further Improvements' to Sound and Waterproofing? You Can Now Post Photos From Instagram's Mobile Website Apple Updates Workflow to Restore Pocket and Google Chrome Actions, Adds Apple Music Actions Zip—Zap is Apple's Free 'App of the Week' [Download] Phil Schiller on the Amazon Echo, App Store Upgrades, Swift, More Harman Unveils 'Harman Kardon Invoke' Voice-Activated Speaker With Cortana Apple Extends Smart Keyboard Repair Policy to 3 Years [Report] Renders of Apple's Proposed Carnegie Library Store in Washington, D.C. YouTube Announces Free Original Shows Starring Kevin Hart, Ellen DeGeneres, Katy Perry, More More Images of New Amazon Echo Leaked in High Quality You Can Now Pay for Gas Using Your Apple Watch at ExxonMobil [Video] Bosch Wins Orders to Supply Apple With Motion Sensors for Next Generation iPhone [Report] New Amazon Echo With Touchscreen Leaked? [Photo] Apple and Amazon Near Agreement to Bring Amazon Video App to Apple TV Growth of iPhone Installed Base Slows in the U.S. [Report] Apple Extends Smart Keyboard Repair Policy to 3 Years [Report] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 15 hours ago by iClarified · 1666 views · Translate Apple has extended its repair policy for the Smart Keyboard to three years for the both 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch iPad Pro keyboards, reports MacRumors. Apple has determined that some Smart Keyboards may experience "functional issues" during use, such as the Smart Connector not working or certain keys sticking, repeating, or not responding, according to an internal memo distributed to Apple Stores and Apple Authorized Service Providers last week. Qualifying Smart Keyboards will be repaired free of charge within three years from the date of purchase. Since this policy is so new, not all service representatives will know it exists yet. Escalating your request to a senior advisor may help. Read More Follow iClarified Comments Add Comment Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple The iPhone 8 design everybody hates is back Chris Smith BGR News May 8, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share There are two kinds of iPhone 8 design leaks out in the wild right now, and they’re fairly similar except for one critical feature: the Touch ID fingerprint sensor. A new report indicates that Apple may be forced to go with the safer approach, which unfortunately just so happens to be the one that everybody hates.   Don't Miss: Amazon just discounted the Echo for the first time in 2017 Apple wants to integrate the Touch ID sensor within the layers of the new OLED screen, various reports have said, but the nascent technology may not be ready in time for this year’s flagship iPhone 8. Hong Kong-based equity research firm CLSA wrote in a note to investors seen by MacRumors that Apple may end up placing the sensor on the back of the handset instead. “iPhone to ditch fingerprint sensor? We don’t think so,” CLSA analysts Sebastian Hou and Brian Chen wrote. “Both Samsung and Apple tried to enable in-display fingerprint sensing on full-screen OLED phones in 2017, but their optical tech seems immature and the major iPhone 8 bottleneck.” The note continued, “Some thus speculate the fingerprint sensor will be removed and replaced by 3D sensing. Our latest supply chain checks indicate the iPhone 8 will still have the sensor given security, user-friendliness, and a need for payments infrastructure, but there is a high chance it will be on the back like Samsung’s Galaxy S8.” CLSA went ahead and created a diagram of the iPhone 8, as seen above. The company believes Apple will use an all-screen design for the handset, and that it’ll feature an advanced 3D face recognition system on the front as well as a vertical dual-lens camera on the back. The schematic above looks similar to some of the recent leaks that hit the web. Designer Benjamin Geskin created a concept iPhone 8 based on the image above. Here it is — and let’s just hope that it’s way off base, because the front of the phone is hideous at the top, not to mention the fact that it would introduce several new manufacturing hurdles: A report on Monday said the iPhone 8 will not be delayed, although it made no mention of the phone’s design or the Touch ID sensor’s location. Related: For more news videos visit Yahoo View, available now on iOS and Android. Trending right now: New report says the iPhone 8 isn’t delayed at all The OnePlus 5 launches this summer, and this might be our first blurry look at it Phil Schiller hints that Apple’s Siri-based Amazon’s Echo rival might feature a display See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Control your Roomba with just your voice via this new Alexa integration Yahoo Tech Facebook is down and everyone across the globe is freaking out Mashable Tech Pogue's Basics: How to create a search-and-replace macro in Word Yahoo Tech We noshed on Nougat, and Android 7.0 is Google’s sweetest update yet Yahoo Tech Google Earth’s new update will take you anywhere in the world Yahoo Tech Leak reveals a new version of the Galaxy S8 that’s about to launch BGR News Inside the World's Greatest Scavenger Hunt, Part 1 Yahoo Tech Build your own DIY video game console Yahoo Tech The first flying car is available for pre-order Yahoo Tech T-Mobile quietly killed one of its longest-running promos BGR News Pogue's Basics: How to forward a text message Yahoo Tech This gadget can turn an ordinary surface into a smart controller Yahoo Tech Jeff Bezos describes one change some Amazon employees hated Yahoo Tech An abandoned Toyota Supra haunts the mountains of Japan Digital Trends Jeff Bezos: Nobody asked for one of our most popular services Yahoo Tech The 20 highest-paying tech companies in America Yahoo Tech Here are the top 25 games that made the SNES, well, super Digital Trends The best ways to stream live TV without cable Yahoo Tech
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: Installing macOS Sierra step-by-step [Video] Trending in Apple Here’s how Apple could easily solve its Touch ID ‘problem’ on the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Opinion: We may now be just two or three years away from an iPhone replacing a DSLR Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: hardware and performance results [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 153.01 4.05 New Apple Watch Activity Challenge discovered ahead of Mother’s Day Benjamin Mayo - May. 8th 2017 8:05 am PT @bzamayo Apple Watch View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple will run its next special Activity Challenge for Apple Watch owners on Mother’s Day, which takes place on Sunday, May 14. Like with Earth Day or New Years, Watch users will be able to earn a special achievement medal and iMessage sticker (shown above). The challenge won’t be visible in the Activity app on the iPhone until Friday, although we have found backend references to it in the iOS code. Here’s what you will have to do if you want to earn the reward … The best, strongest, Lightning cables ... buy braided cables here Firstly, the achievement will only show for Apple Watch users in the United States. This is because Mother’s Day is not an internationally recognized celebration and does not happen on the same day for every country. Apple is limiting this activity challenge to the U.S. region only (which it has done before). To earn the award, you must complete a 1 mile workout on Sunday, May 14. This can be a walk, run or wheelchair workout — you just have to do at least a mile in distance in one session. The workout must be recorded to HealthKit using Apple’s Workout app on Apple Watch or any other third-party app that integrates with the Health database. Once you do at least a mile on that day, you will be rewarded with the special rose medal and the rose iMessages sticker which you can share with friends. If you don’t manage to do a mile workout on the 14th, you will miss out on getting the badge as it will disappear the following day. The rose is rendered flat for the sticker and will be full 3D when it shows as a medal in the Activity app (the depth and shadowing is not reproduced in the images we were able to retrieve). The announcement of the challenge should go live publicly on Friday and will only be available to Apple Watch users in the United States. International Apple Watch owners will have to wait for their next opportunity to earn a unique medal. Happy Mother’s Day, everyone! Benjamin Mayo @bzamayo Benjamin develops iOS apps professionally and covers Apple news and rumors for 9to5Mac. Listen to Benjamin, every week, on the Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro Apple AirPods Guides Apple Watch View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: Installing macOS Sierra step-by-step [Video] Trending in Apple Here’s how Apple could easily solve its Touch ID ‘problem’ on the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Opinion: We may now be just two or three years away from an iPhone replacing a DSLR Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: hardware and performance results [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 153.01 4.05 Apple offers extended three year repair program for iPad Pro Smart Keyboards w/ sticking keys & other ‘functional’ issues Jordan Kahn - May. 8th 2017 7:54 am PT @JordanKahn iPad Accessories View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has launched a new extended repair program for its Smart Keyboard for iPad Pro, allowing customers experiencing certain issues with the product to receive repairs or replacements from Apple for three years after the device is purchased. Apple informed its retail staff and authorized service providers of the new policy in an internal memo obtained by 9to5Mac (pictured below). The best 4K & 5K displays for Mac The program covers the Smart Keyboard for both the 9.7-inch (Early 2016) and 12.9-inch (Late 2015) iPad Pro models, and applies to keyboards experiencing certain Functional Issues, including: sticking/repeating keys, sensor issues, problems with the keyboard’s magnetic connector, connection issues, and unresponsive keys. Apple offers its Limited Warranty on the Apple Smart Keyboard like all of its hardware products, so the new policy extends that 12-months of coverage an additional two years for customers experiencing the known functional issues listed above. Apple will also be issuing refunds to customers that previously paid for a replacement for keyboards eligible under the new program. Jordan Kahn @JordanKahn Jordan writes about all things Apple as Senior Editor of 9to5Mac, & contributes to 9to5Google, 9to5Toys, & Electrek.co. He also co-authors 9to5Mac’s weekly Logic Pros series and makes music as one half of Toronto-based Makamachine. Favorite Gear LG 34-inch Widscreen Monitor This gorgeous desk clock is made with vintage Soviet Union Nixie tubes PhotoFast MFi drive w/ Lightning, USB-C, USB-A, micro-USB Guides iPad What's next for Apple's iPad line? View THe Guide Accessories View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Tech Search Search WMPWThe World’s Most Powerful Women: May 9 marketsWall Street’s ‘Fear Index’ Has Hit a Two-Decade Low Fortune 500Anti-Pipeline Protestors Shut Down Chase Banks in Seattle JapanIMF Warns Asian Countries to Act Now Before Aging Populations ‘Tax’ Growth Best Companies Apple Exec Drops Hints About Possible Amazon Echo Competitor Don Reisinger May 08, 2017 Apple senior vice president of worldwide marketing Phil Schiller dropped some hints recently about a possible Amazon Echo competitor. Speaking to technology news site Gadgets 360 in an interview published over the weekend, Schiller hinted that customers might benefit from having a screen in addition to voice assistance with their smart home hubs. He said that while voice can be exceedingly helpful in asking for directions or changing songs in a playlist, a screen could provide an added layer of context device owners can use to their advantage. "If I'm looking for directions and I'm using Maps," Schiller said in the interview, "Siri can tell me those directions by voice and that's really convenient. But it's even better if I can see that map, and I can see what turns are coming up, and I can see where there is congestion, I understand better my route, and what I'm going to do." Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter Schiller's comments came in response to a question about smart home hubs Amazon Echo (amzn) and Google Home (googl). Schiller said that he wouldn't comment on either device specifically because, as he explained, his mother taught him that "if you don't have something nice to say, say nothing at all." The Apple (aapl) executive's harsh words come amid speculation that the company is planning its own smart home hub. Like the Echo and Home, Apple's option would be powered in part by voice commands. However, Apple's device would be powered by its own virtual personal assistant Siri, according to reports. Like its competitors, Apple's device would support third-party apps and let users control smart home products, reports say. Details are rather slim on the device. But last week, KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo said that his sources suggest Apple's device could come with seven built-in speakers and one sub-woofer. Kuo also said that it would be about as powerful as last year's iPhone 6s and cost more than the $180 Amazon Echo. Perhaps most importantly, Kuo said that there is a greater than 50% chance it'll be unveiled at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) next month in San Jose, Calif. Schiller, of course, didn't confirm Apple is working on a smart home hub. But his sharp comments about Google Home and Amazon Echo, and his discussion on one major feature they don't have—a screen—could be hints that Apple is indeed working on a device and it could come with a display. But Apple might not be alone. Over the weekend, serial gadget leaker Evan Blass published an image what some have said could be a new Amazon Echo. Amazon hasn't verified the image's authenticity, but it appears to be a press rendering and shows a device—believed to be the next Amazon Echo—with a screen. Amazon hasn't commented on the image or its possible plans for an Echo follow-up. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news Web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News General Election World Report Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices WhatsApp Quietly Boosted Its iCloud Encryption -- FBI Contractors Think They Can Already Break It Forbes Thomas Fox-Brewster, Forbes Staff 16 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL NHS staff 'quitting to work in supermarkets' British doctor and fiancée brutally murdered by ex-security guard © WhatsApp is adding more protection for its users’ privacy, as FBI contractors race to find ways arou... In late 2016, WhatsApp decided to quietly improve the security of its iCloud backups, where messages and contacts are uploaded to Apple servers. Without any fanfare, it added a unique encryption key created by the WhatsApp app, rather than just relying on the iCloud Drive to protect customer data. That meant that anyone who’d somehow acquired access to iCloud data would have an especially hard time getting at any of the WhatsApp data held within, whether they’re cops who’d seized a device or any hacker who’d managed to access another’s Apple account. On top of the end-to-end encryption rolled out across one billion WhatsApp users, it’s become significantly more difficult for anyone to intercept comms on the app. Load Error Forbes only learned about the most recent improvement last week after a Russian supplier of mobile and cloud hacking tools, Oxygen Forensics, claimed to have added a feature that allowed the company to circumvent the added encryption. WhatsApp confirmed Friday it’d enhanced iCloud security sometime in late 2016, though didn’t offer any further detail. “When a user backs up their chats through WhatsApp to iCloud, the backup files are sent encrypted,” a spokesperson said. Vladimir Katalov, CEO of rival forensics firm and another Russian business, Elcomsoft, explained to me how the update worked and what Oxygen was doing to circumvent the encryption. While Oxygen isn’t fibbing about its ability to retrieve WhatsApp messages from the iCloud, its tools will only work in a very specific scenario, he said. To understand what barriers Oxygen’s Forensic Detective is up against, it’s necessary to first understand what WhatsApp actually did. As explained by Katalov, when the user opts to upload their WhatsApp data to the iCloud Drive, and they’ve entered a texted verification code sent by the Facebook-owned firm, a unique encryption key is generated. That key is then used to encrypt the data uploaded to the iCloud Drive. Forensic tools can download that data but in order to decrypt it on any device other than the original iPhone, the key is now needed, and that can be obtained only by passing the verification process again. So what Oxygen does is download data backed up by WhatsApp, and they then require a SIM-card with the same number as the user so they can receive the verification code. They can then generate the key and decrypt downloaded data. This is a rather clunky way around the added protection added by WhatsApp, as Oxygen still needs the Apple ID and password (or some other access to the iCloud) and the user’s SIM card or phone. This would only really be useful in one specific scenario: if WhatsApp was deleted from a phone law enforcement had seized, and police needed a quick, automated way to retrieve data from the iCloud. It’s apparent that Oxygen’s tool doesn’t really exploit any weakness. It simply finds a novel way around another problem posed by WhatsApp’s security boost. Crypto wars battles Oxygen’s chief operating officer Lee Reiber, a former Boyce police officer, admitted to Forbes it was involved in a constant “cat and mouse game” trying to keep up with the security added by the likes of WhatsApp, Apple, Facebook, Google and others who’ve rolled out end-to-end encryption across their comms technologies. It’s one of many forensics firms, Israel’s Cellebrite being the feds’ favorite, playing that game. As a sign of the Moscow-based firm’s growing prominence, it recently received a $58,000 order from the Immigration and Customs Enforcement department for its cellphone search tech. Speaking at London’s Counter Terror Expo last week, Reiber claimed Oxygen could retrieve authentication tokens from iOS devices that would allow brief access to the iCloud without the need for a username and password. But those tokens are changed frequently by Apple, such as when a device is rebooted, he added, enumerating myriad problems associated with tackling firms’ encryption. Oxygen and its competitors are fighting mini skirmishes in the so-called “crypto war,” in which the government and its contractors attempt to find ways around encryption protecting data on modern cellphones, laptops and apps. The government isn’t solely relying on its technical abilities and those of its private partners. It’s looking at possible legal pathways through manufacturers’ cryptography. Just last week, FBI director James Comey said the Obama administration wasn’t convinced to pass laws that would allow the feds to legally force companies to assist where encryption has stymied their investigations, as it did when law enforcement fought with Apple over the iPhone 5C of the San Bernardino shooter. Under Trump, such laws might be possible, according to Comey, who said Trump appeared interested in the “going dark” issue, but was yet to make any clear statement on his intentions. In a prepared statement before the Senate Judiciary Committee, he claimed that in the first half of this fiscal year, the FBI was unable to access the content on more than 3,000 mobile devices using current tools. “This figure represents nearly half of all the mobile devices the FBI attempted to access in that timeframe,” he added. A balance, if such a thing exists, between privacy and security is far from being found. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From Forbes Mark Zuckerberg Unveils Facebook's Augmented Reality Platform For Camera Effects Forbes Top 5 gadget stories of 2016 Forbes Apple keeps constant log of iPhone calls in iCloud, warns cop contractor Forbes Forbes View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Follow us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter AOL Mail Click to Open Quick Navigation Downloads Free Email Mobile Apps AIM Discover AOL MyBenefits ID Protection Travel Tips Games Favorites Maps PC Checkup Search The Web Search Aol.com Search Business Careers Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate My Portfolios Resources Finance Collective One analyst thinks Apple is going to be worth $1 trillion Before you go, we thought you'd like these... READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE Share Kif Leswing May 8th 2017 10:25AM Apple remains "among the most underappreciated stocks in the world," Drexel Hamilton analyst Brian White wrote in a note distributed to clients on Monday. He's one of the most bullish analysts watching Apple. On Monday, Drexel raised its Apple price target to $202 a share from $185. The stock was trading at just over $149 in pre-market trading on Monday morning. STOCK PRICE FOR AAPLFull price information Apple has 5.213 billion shares outstanding, according to Bloomberg. If Apple were to hit $202 per share, the company's market capitalization would be valued at $1.053 trillion. "Apple has proven its resilience through its unique ability to develop hardware, software and services that work seamlessly together," White wrote. "We believe this positions Apple very well to capitalize on the trend toward more 'things' becoming a computer." Apple's stock is on a tear. It's up 29% so far this year. RELATED: How Steve Jobs saved Apple from disaster 40 PHOTOS How Steve Jobs saved Apple from disaster See Gallery How Steve Jobs saved Apple from disaster In late 1996, Apple announced plans to bring cofounder Steve Jobs back into the fold 11 years after he left the company by acquiring his startup NeXT for $429 million — just in time for Jobs to join then-Apple CEO Gil Amelio on stage at January 1997's Macworld Expo, a convention for Mac enthusiasts, as a keynote speaker. (Photo by Lou Dematteis / Reuters) Steve Jobs' NeXT found its niche selling graphically intensive PCs with cutting-edge screens to universities and banks. Apple hoped that Jobs would revitalize the Mac maker, whose stock had hit a 12-year low under Amelio's leadership and experienced crippling losses. (Photo by Ann E. Yow-Dyson/Getty Images) On July 4, 1997, Jobs persuaded Apple's board to oust Amelio and make Jobs the interim, and then permanent, CEO. In August 1997, Jobs took the stage at another Macworld Expo to announce that Apple had taken a $150 million investment from its long-time rivals at Microsoft. "We need all the help we can get," Jobs said, to boos from the audience. (Photo by Jim Bourg / Reuters) In fact, by 1997, Apple's financial situation was so dire that Dell CEO and founder Michael Dell, one of Microsoft's biggest partners, once said that if he were in Jobs' shoes, he'd "shut it down and give the money back to the shareholders." (Photo by Mario Tama/Getty Images) But in early 1998, at yet another Macworld Expo in San Francisco, Jobs ended his keynote with the first of his soon-to-be ubiquitous "One More Thing" announcements: Thanks to Jobs' product direction and Microsoft's help, Apple was finally profitable again. (Photo via Reuters) Also in 1998, Jobs hired an executive named Tim Cook to head up Apple's worldwide operations. Cook would stay with the company, eventually becoming chief operating officer. (Photo via REUTERS/Kim White) Jobs needed the help. At this point, Jobs was CEO of both Apple and Pixar Studios, of which he had become chief investor in 1986 after funding it with $10 million. Jobs is actually credited as an executive producer on 1995's "Toy Story." (Photo by Gabe Palacio via Getty Images) Behind the scenes, Jobs was making some big changes for Apple employees, too: Under Jobs, the Apple cafeteria got much better food, and employees were barred from bringing their pets to the campus. He wanted everybody focused on Apple. (Photo via REUTERS/Noah Berger) Almost exactly a year after that Microsoft cash came in, in August 1998, Apple would release the iMac, an all-in-one, high-performance computer codesigned by Jobs and new talent Jonathan Ive. (Photo via REUTERS/Mousse Mousse) The iMac came in multiple colors, the first time the world would get a taste of Ive's computer design sensibilities. This first iMac was a much-needed hit, selling 800,000 units in its first five months. (Photo via Reuters) Jobs had originally pitched the name "MacMan" for this new Mac. It was Ken Segall, an executive with Apple's ad agency at the time, who suggested "iMac." The "i" is for "internet," since it took only two steps to connect to the web, in case you were wondering. But Apple has also said it stands for "individuality" and "innovation." (Photo via Reuters) The naming scheme would stick around. In 1999, Apple introduced the "iBook," a funky machine that tried to replicate the iMac's success as an entry-level laptop. (Photo via Reuters) But Apple's next really dramatic move would come in 2001, when Mac OS X was released. Where Apple had been treading water with Mac OS 8 and 9, OS X was a drastic redesign, based largely on the Unix and BSD technology at the core of Jobs' NeXT Computers. (Photo by Lou Dematteis / Reuters) From here, things started moving fast and furious for Apple. Later in 2001 Apple would open its first retail stores, in Virginia and California. (Photo by Mario Tama/Getty Images). In October, Jobs' Apple would take its first steps beyond the Mac with the iPod, a digital music player that promised "1,000 songs in your pocket." The iPod actually got off to a slow start, largely because it started at a pricey $399 and worked only on Macs. (Photo via REUTERS/Susan Ragan SR/SV) In 2003, Apple opened up the iTunes Music Store, with its novel pricing model of $0.99 per song, to turn the iPod into the center of a digital media universe. Around the same time, both iTunes and the iPod hit Windows, jump-starting Apple's music play. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) But in 2003 Jobs received some news that would cast a shadow over the good times at Apple: He had pancreatic cancer. He kept it a secret until sharing the news with employees in 2004. (Photo via REUTERS/Matt Dunham MD/ACM) In just six years, Apple had gone from a laughing stock in tech to a serious player. And from 2003 to 2006, it went from around $6 per share to about $80 per share. Apple was still lagging behind Microsoft in marketshare, but it was making serious money. Celebrities like U2 and John Mayer were tapped to help out at company events. (Photo via REUTERS/Monica Davey MD/JDP) Over the years, Jobs' Apple had been asked to extend its design expertise to creating a new touch-screen device. In 2004, Jobs convened Project Purple, under his supervision with Ive in charge, to develop a touch-screen device. Originally, Jobs was envisioning a tablet, but it eventually turned into a concept for a cell phone. (Photo by Matt Dunham / Reuters) The iPod lineup slowly grew, too. By 2005, there was the iPod, the iPod Mini, the iPad Nano, and the iPod Shuffle, in descending size order. That same year also saw the introduction of the first iPod with video, alongside the ability to buy movies and videos on iTunes. (Photo by Dino Vournas / Reuters) In 2005, Motorola introduced the ROKR, a phone that it made in partnership with Apple. It was the first phone that could play music from the iTunes Music Store. But it was limited to being able to store only 100 songs because of a limit in its software. (Photo by Kim Kulish/Corbis via Getty Images) In 2006, Jobs made a big move that probably saved the Mac. Former CEO John Sculley had banked Apple's future on the pricey PowerPC processor, while the major Windows PC manufacturers stuck with Intel. It meant Macs were both more expensive to buy and harder to develop software for. But in 2006, Apple introduced the first MacBook Pro alongside a new iMac, both of which came with Intel processors. (Photo by Lou Dematteis / Reuters) It also meant that for the first time you could install Windows on a Mac. (Photo by John Schults / Reuters) Apple was on the upswing. In 2006, the flagship Apple Store opened in Midtown Manhattan. Its unique glass-cube structure makes it a modern New York City landmark. (Photo by James Leynse/Corbis via Getty Images) But at this point, Jobs' health was starting to fade, and observers started to take notice. Note how thin Jobs looks here, shaking hands with Disney CEO Bob Iger at a 2006 Apple event. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) Still, 2006 also marked a personal victory for Jobs. He got to send this email to every Apple employee: "Team, it turned out that Michael Dell wasn't perfect at predicting the future. Based on today's stock market close, Apple is worth more than Dell. Stocks go up and down, and things may be different tomorrow, but I thought it was worth a moment of reflection today. Steve." (Photo via REUTERS/Dino Vournas) After years of speculation, Jobs would officially unveil the iPhone at January 2007's Macworld Expo. It combined the music features of the iPod with a slick, responsive touch screen that didn't need a stylus, unlike most mobile devices at the time. And the iPhone's Safari was the first full-featured web browser on a phone. (Photo via REUTERS/Kimberly White) An excited media dubbed it the "Jesus Phone." Excited fans camped out in front of Apple Stores nationwide. (Photo by Curtis Means/NBC/NBCU Photo Bank via Getty Images) The iPhone was a massive hit, taking only 74 days from its August 2007 launch to sell a million units. (Photo by Sean Gallup/Getty Images) In 2008, Apple released the first big iPhone update: the iPhone 3GS. It had faster network speeds, sure, but the biggest change was that it came with this thing called an App Store to let you install software from non-Apple developers. At launch, the App Store had 500 applications. (Photo via REUTERS/Kimberly White) Famed venture investor John Doerr of Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield & Byers took the stage to announce a $100 million iFund for app developers. It was the start of the app economy, and Apple was leaving Microsoft in the dust. (Photo by David Paul Morris/Getty Images) Still, Jobs' health continued to loom over Apple. In August 2008, Bloomberg accidentally published a 2,500 word obituary of Jobs. At a September 2008 keynote, Jobs poked fun at the idea. (Photo via REUTERS/Robert Galbraith) In 2009, Tim Cook was tapped as interim CEO while Jobs took the first of three extended medical leaves. Even on Jobs' return, Cook became a regular at Apple keynotes. When Jobs returned, his prognosis was listed as "excellent." (Photo via REUTERS/Kimberly White) In 2010, Jobs finally introduced the Apple iPad, the tablet he had been wanting since the early 2000s. (Photo via REUTERS/Kimberly White) The iPhone and the iPad accidentally started an internet standards war. Jobs thought Adobe's Flash, then the de facto standard for interactive web content, was slow and insecure. And so Apple's mobile devices didn't support it. A jilted Adobe, recognizing the threat this posed to its business, took out magazine ads begging Apple to reconsider, to no avail. (Photo Illustration by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) In early 2011, during the last of his medical leaves, Jobs would give his final two product-announcement presentations: one in March for the iPad 2, and one in June for the iCloud service. (Photo via REUTERS/Beck Diefenbach) Jobs made his last public appearance in June 2011. He proposed a new Apple Campus to the Cupertino City Council. After years of construction, Apple is planning to move into the "spaceship campus" in early 2017. (Photo via REUTERS/Noah Berger) Jobs stepped down as Apple CEO on August 24, 2011, accepting a role as chairman, after his pancreatic cancer relapsed. Not long after, Jobs died on October 5, 2011, working for Apple until the day before his death. That night, the flags at Apple flew at half-mast. (Photo by Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images) Tim Cook got the nod as full-time CEO after Jobs' resignation. Apple has continued to grow under Cook, becoming the most valuable company in the world. And the rest, as they say, is history. (Photo via REUTERS/Stephen Lam) Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE See Also: You can now buy a house with Apple smart home stuff already built-in 7 images that show off how the new screen on the iPhone 8 could work A former key Apple partner is selling big chunks of its business as its fight with the iPhone maker gets worse SEE ALSO: 'Apple has Samsung on the ropes like never before,' says Wall Street analyst Tags apple apple inc iphone steve jobs tim cook Read Full Story Can't get enough business news? Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from retailer news to the latest IPOs delivered directly to your inbox daily! Subscribe to our other newsletters Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe any time. From Our Partners Doctors Notice Swelling On A Young Woman's Neck - Then Give Her The Shattering News The Incredible Odyssey of Eva Peron's Body Large Numbers Of Horses Are Being Stuffed Into These Crates For A Despicable Reason The Latest from our Partners Pay no interest until July 2018 with this card How to turn 50k miles into 100k miles $200 just for using this credit card Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Mortgage rates plummet. Lock in before they rise. Transfer your debt to a card with 0% APR for up to 21 months With CD rates increasing, these banks are competing for your money Learn how you can earn 10x returns in your savings with these banks Compare savings accounts and open a new account today! Owe less than $300k on your home? Don't miss this unique opportunity How to pay down your home in half the time (If you owe less than $625k) Congress gives American homeowners who owe less than $300-625k a once in a lifetime mortgage bailout The 25 highest-paying jobs in 2017 all pay at least $90,000 15 jobs that will be gone in 10 years Speeding ticket? 15 states where your insurance rate will spike the most Father of 5 Killed by a Single Punch Outside Bar Woman Accused of Trying to Poison Husband's Baby Girl, 10, Frees Herself From Gator's Jaws Recommended For You One of New York's most popular food delivery startups is suddenly shutting down Under Armour is losing on its home turf Report: Trump's New York penthouse is actually a third of the size he says it is Buffett: 'Be very, very, very suspicious' of a budget trick Trump is about to use Buffett: United made 'terrible mistake' with dragged passenger With eye on millennials, Coach buys Kate Spade for $2.4 billion 11 common interview mistakes you don't know you're making Sinclair is buying Tribune Media for $3.9 billion to create a local-TV behemoth Markets USGlobalsCurrencies S&P 5002,399.380.090.00% DJIA21,012.285.340.03% NASDAQ6,102.661.900.03% DAX12,694.55-22.34-0.18% NIKKEI 22519,843.00-52.70-0.26% HANG SENG24,726.30148.390.60% USD (per EUR)1.090.00-0.12% USD (per CHF)1.000.000.21% JPY (per USD)113.590.360.32% GBP (per USD)1.290.00-0.04% All index data provided on a 15 minute delay. More to Explore From Our Partners Who gets help if Obamacare is repealed CNNMoney 4 ways the health care bill will benefit the rich CNNMoney Ammo sales are slumping under Trump CNNMoney How Republican bill would change Obamacare CNNMoney Stephen Colbert responds to #FireColbert backlash CNNMoney Puerto Rico files for bankruptcy CNNMoney Here's Trump's record on the middle class CNNMoney Howard Stern was 100% right about Donald Trump CNNMoney Tue, May 09 °F Set Your Location City, State, or Zip Change weather location Mail Search Sign In / Join My Account Log Out News Entertainment Finance Lifestyle Games Video Shop Finance Search The Web Search The Web JOIN AOL MY ACCOUNT DOWNLOADS HELP & FEEDBACK ABOUT US ADVERTISING PRIVACY TERMS ABOUT OUR ADS SITEMAP Share on Facebook Facebook Share on Twitter Twitter Share on Instagram Instagram Follow us via newsletter Newsletter Follow us via RSS RSS Follow us on mobile AOL Mobile Finance © 2017  AOL Inc. Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from breaking finance news to money-saving tricks delivered directly to your inbox daily! Finance Report Signup Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe at any time. No, I don't want more finance news delivered to my inbox daily
This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site » Don't Miss: Do IT certifications still matter? Microsoft pulls plug on Windows 10's debut version Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Read CW’s May digital magazine! How Veritas is getting its cloud on Buyers’ Guide: Prices dropping for data visualization software Windows Server 2016 Hyper-V: More secure, but not faster More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Mobile & Wireless Apple iOS Apple Holic By Jonny Evans, Computerworld | May 8, 2017 6:25 AM PT About | Appleholic, (noun), æp·əl-hɑl·ɪk: An imaginative person who thinks about what Apple is doing, why and where it is going. Delivering popular Apple-related news, advice and entertainment since 1999. How-To 15 Apple Watch tricks you’ll want to use My best advice is to Force Touch everything... Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Apple More like this 20+ iPhone tips you’ll use frequently How to improve Mac, iPhone & iPad battery life in 26 tips 12+ useful but hard-to-find tips for using Apple’s Pages Video Mingis on Tech: Energy microgrids, what's up with Apple TV -- and drones! The phrase, “Hidden in plain sight” has become a cliché, but the one thing people always forget is that clichés are only clichés because they happen a lot. Apple Watch tips are no exception. How can a device you wear on your wrist have so many hidden features? Here are a few more you may not have seen before: Quiet light In a meeting, want to know the time, but don’t want to seem too rude by raising the Watch to your face? Why not gently turn the Digital Crown, which will gently illuminate the watch face so you can glimpse the time surreptitiously? The call feature everyone neglects Receiving a call but don’t want to take it on your Watch? When the call notification appears on your Apple Watch screen just turn the digital crown a little so that you see the lower part of the notification screen. Tap Answer on iPhone and Siri will tell the caller to wait while you retrieve your smartphone. (From here). Share location On the way to meet someone? If you’ve arranged the meeting using Messages you can quickly let people know where you are by opening the conversation thread in Messages app, Force Touch the message and tapping the Send Location button. Now the person you are meeting will be able to watch where you are until you reach them. Easy mute Get a call when you can’t take it? Just place your palm over the Apple Watch face to mute the call. (You must enable this in My Watch>Sounds & Haptics>Cover to Mute.) Tap-tap Those tapping sensations you feel when using Maps to get somewhere? They’re trying to help you – this is what they mean: Two taps thrice: Turn left Twelve steady taps = turn right Long vibration: You’ve arrived. New Faces Until Apple makes it possible to create and use your own watch faces you’re kind of stuck with the default collections. You’ll use them all for a while until you figure out the most useful designs for you, and you can ditch the ones you don’t want to see in the watchface chooser by swiping up on the design while in chooser. To get a watchface that you’ve deleted back, just tap the + button. Talking mice Open the Watch app on your iPhone, open Sounds & Haptics and scroll to the bottom to enable Tap to Speak Time. When this is on, tapping the Mickey or Minnie Mouse watchfaces will make them announce the time in their iconic voices. [ To comment on this story, visit Computerworld's Facebook page. ] Extra Workouts Is your style of workout missing from the options inside the Apple Watch Workout app? Just tap Other when selecting your workout, tap End when you finish and choose ‘Rename Workout’ at the end of the list. You’ll now be able to select any of 58 Workout styles, which will be named and added to the main list for future use. Tap for rain Did you know that when you check the weather using the standard Weather app, you can also check the chance of rain? To do so just tap the main screen in the app to see the chance of rain over the next 12-hours, tap it again to return to regular weather view. Messages Want to send a message from Apple Watch? You can ask Siri to send the message, or Force Touch the Messages app to invoke the Create Message item. Select a contact, dictate the message, and then press the Digital Crown to send it off. Force Touch everything You should try to Force Touch everything in Apple Watch, as doing so unlocks a whole range of things, emoji color, stopwatch mode, audio source controls, maps search, and much more. AirPlay Any music or other media you have stored on Apple Watch can be played through other devices using AirPlay. Force Touch the Now Playing screen to reach this option. Vibration Open the Watch app on your iPhone and drop into Sounds & Haptics, where you should toggle the ‘Prominent Haptic’ feature. Now you’ll get two vibrations when a notification comes in, which may help you notice it happening when you’re out and about. Tap to end Using Siri dictation to record a message or answer an email? Just tap the screen once you’ve said what you needed to say and Siri will stop listening for more words from you. Siri You can launch Apple Watch apps using Siri. A little more… Apple publishes the free Apple Watch User Guide through iBooks. Google+? If you use social media and happen to be a Google+ user, why not join AppleHolic's Kool Aid Corner community and join the conversation as we pursue the spirit of the New Model Apple? Got a story?Drop me a line via Twitter. I'd like it if you chose to follow me there so I can let you know when fresh items are published here first on Computerworld. Related: Apple iOS Wearables Mobile & Wireless Apple Apple Watch Jonny is a freelance writer who has been writing (mainly about Apple and technology) since 1999. Follow Computerworld's IT Salary Survey 2017 results You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Editorial Beats Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO GameStar Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive
Sign in PUBLICATION Combined FCBJ WCBJ WAG Magazine Industries Economic Development Arts & Leisure Banking & Finance Construction Courts Economic Development Economy Education Energy Food & Beverage Government Health Care Hospitality & Tourism Manufacturing Mergers & Acquisitions Nonprofits Real Estate Retail Small Business Technology Transportation Features Contributors Hers In the Valley Making it Young Meet A Master Good Things Happening In the Family In America Off Hours Tracking VIDEOS News Videos LISTS/BIZ DIR. Weekly Lists Books of Lists Biz Directory Sales Leads Plaques & Awards MEMBERS Westchester & Fairfield Business Journal Digital Paper Archives Records Section Book of Lists Weekly Lists Sales Leads New SUBSCRIBE Become a Member Digital Free Trial Print Free Trial EVENTS Upcoming Events Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search Tuesday, May 9, 2017 Sign in / Join Advertise Contact 0 items$0.00 Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Westfair Communications PUBLICATION Combined FCBJ WCBJ WAG Magazine Industries Economic Development Arts & Leisure Banking & Finance Construction Courts Economic Development Economy Education Energy Food & Beverage Government Health Care Hospitality & Tourism Manufacturing Mergers & Acquisitions Nonprofits Real Estate Retail Small Business Technology Transportation Features Contributors Hers In the Valley Making it Young Meet A Master Good Things Happening In the Family In America Off Hours Tracking VIDEOS News Videos LISTS/BIZ DIR. Weekly Lists Books of Lists Biz Directory Sales Leads Plaques & Awards MEMBERS Westchester & Fairfield Business Journal Digital Paper Archives Records Section Book of Lists Weekly Lists Sales Leads New SUBSCRIBE Become a Member Digital Free Trial Print Free Trial EVENTS Upcoming Events Home Fairfield Mystery surrounds Apple Maps photographing of Connecticut streets Fairfield Latest News Technology Mystery surrounds Apple Maps photographing of Connecticut streets Apple-focused news sites speculate this endeavor will support the company's automotive research project. By Phil Hall - May 8, 2017 SHARE Facebook Twitter If Fairfield County residents suddenly begin to feel that they are being watched by strangers, they are not being paranoid – indeed, the streets in their neighborhoods are being quietly photographed by Apple Maps vehicles. However, the reasons for this activity are open to debate. The company announced that it will be active throughout Connecticut from May 8 to 21 in an effort to expand the content of its Apple Maps site. “Some of this data will be published in future Apple Maps updates,” the company said on its website, adding that faces and license plates will be blurred on all published photographs. Apple has already conducted photographic surveys of 30 states and several European countries. But the website AppleInsider questioned the motives behind this endeavor. “It is not clear what Apple will ultimately use the data for,” wrote Mike Wuerthele, a contributing editor. “Speculation exists that the data is being collected to aid in Apple’s autonomous driving project. However, Connecticut has a ban on autonomous vehicles, so it would seem more likely that a focus for early driving system intelligence gathering would be in states that allow autonomous cars to be tested on its roads.” Neil Cybart, an independent Apple analyst at Above Avalon, told the MacRumors website that Apple was mapping out roadways around the nation to aid in Project Titan, the company’s automotive endeavor. “My view is that this mapping data isn’t just for Apple Maps Street View, which wouldn’t be too useful, but rather for building a mapping foundation for Apple’s autonomous driving technology platform,” said Cybart, who spotted an Apple Maps vehicle in Connecticut last week and theorized that the data collected by Apple “may be used for testing autonomous driving technology using indoor simulation.” TAGS Apple Apple Maps Connecticut Photography Project Titan Previous article2017 Doctors of Distinction ceremony to honor Fairfield County physicians Next articleNorwalk’s Original Swanky Franks closes after more than six decades Phil Hall http://westfaironline.com/ Phil Hall is a former United Nations-based reporter for Fairchild Broadcast News, the author of seven books, the host of the SoundCloud podcast "The Online Movie Show" and a writer with credits in The New York Times, New York Daily News and Wired. RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Aviation Hexcel names replacement for retiring CFO Wayne Pensky Fairfield Charter Communications partners with Comcast for joint wireless projects Consumer Goods Stamford-based vineyard vines extends contract with Kentucky Derby LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Please enter your comment! Please enter your name here You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here LATEST NEWS Hexcel names replacement for retiring CFO Wayne Pensky May 8, 2017 Charter Communications partners with Comcast for joint wireless projects May 8, 2017 Stamford-based vineyard vines extends contract with Kentucky Derby May 8, 2017 Webster Executive Vice Chairman Joseph Savage retiring May 8, 2017 Norwalk’s Original Swanky Franks closes after more than six decades May 8, 2017 Facebook Twitter Youtube ABOUT MEMBERS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE CONTACT © Copyright Westfair Business Publications
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 45°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Monday, May 8, 2017 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music People & Entertainment Weekly Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Boston Herald Drive with John Sapochetti, Rick Shaffer Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand 10th anniversary iPhone 8 expected in October Associated Press Monday, May 08, 2017 comments 2017 is a big year for Apple as it marks the 10th anniversary of the iPhone, a device that has generated the majority of Apple's profits and made it the most cash-rich company in the world. To celebrate the smartphone we're expecting a revolutionary 10th anniversary iPhone 8, and now we're hearing that phone won't suffer any delays and will arrive in October. In fact, we can expect three new iPhone models to be unveiled in September and sold in October. There will be the typical S refreshes for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, but also this anniversary iPhone 8. It may be called something else by Apple, but iPhone 8 seems to have stuck for now. As well as an anniversary celebration handset, this iPhone is expected to be radically different from what has come before. Apple will switch to using an edge-to-edge OLED screen with Samsung supplying the panels. There's also a suggestion the display may be curved. The casing will be glass and the Touch ID sensor is thought to be integrated into the display. Wireless charging may also feature, which helps explain the all-glass casing and suggestion the Lightning Port is gone, too. Such big changes to the iPhone's design raised concerns over managing to deliver the iPhone 8 on time and alongside the usual annual iPhone refresh. Integrating the Touch ID with the display panel was thought to be a particularly difficult challenge. However, according to MacRumors, all talk of delays in the supply chain have disappeared and production is preparing to ramp up. We should expect Apple to do its usual iPhone reveal event in September before all three new models go on sale in October. Interest is sure to be very high, but it is expected production can meet demand, even for the iPhone 8. If that's the case, the biggest hurdle to purchasing an anniversary iPhone may end up being how many people can actually afford one. This article originally appeared on PCMag.com. Related Articles Apple steps up its effort to emphasize its economic impact In a snap, selfie app has rivals Nanoleaf designed for smart lighting More On: Apple Inc iPhone Share this Article Join the Conversation Top Business Stories real estate GSA in talks for Seaport parcel donna goodison business & markets Global shares mixed after win by French centrist Macron associated press business & markets Massive South Station post office may finally move donna goodison business & markets Reps roll the dice on last call associated press Trending Now Docs ID’d as slay victims Carr: Please don’t en-courage them World War II is officially over Great Britain and the United States celebrate German troops surrender… Norfolk DA: Officer’s shooter had long criminal record Market Summary and Investments Tweets by @bostonherald ✖ Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Legal Notices Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Boston Herald In Education Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: A Big Risk for Apple Inc. Stock High expectations could prove a curse, not a blessing, for this Tech Titan's shares. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) May 8, 2017 at 9:15AM After Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) reported lukewarm second-quarter results and guidance for its third quarter, the company's stock price dipped a smidgen. A few days after reporting, though, Apple stock hit a new 52-week high of $148.98, closing at $148.96 per share at the end of the Friday, May 5 trading session. Why did Apple stock reverse its losses and then some after earnings? Allow me to offer up my take on the matter and, based on that, discuss a potential risk to Apple stock. Does anybody care about the current cycle? Even before Apple launched the iPhone 7-series devices, I don't think expectations for it were particularly high. Sure, the lineup offered several interesting technical advancements over the prior generation iPhone 6s/6s Plus devices (particularly the iPhone 7 Plus relative to the iPhone 6s), and the devices are generally very good. However, there was likely an expectation out there that without a dramatic redesign of the device and/or substantial new features, the iPhone 7-series cycle wouldn't be anything close to a "super cycle." Image source: Apple. And, indeed, that's how it has been playing out. Apple reported 5% iPhone unit and revenue growth in the first quarter of its current fiscal year, and most recently it reported 1% year-over-year iPhone revenue growth on a 1% decline in iPhone unit shipments. The iPhone 7 cycle just isn't proving to be much of an improvement over the iPhone 6s cycle, which itself fared poorly against the iPhone 6 "super cycle." However, I think that all of this has been and continues to be largely baked in; if the iPhone 7-series devices keep the iPhone business roughly stable until the next-generation iPhone 8 (which is expected to offer substantial technical and aesthetic enhancements), I don't think Apple investors care too much about a few percentage points' worth of iPhone unit shipment/revenue growth either way. The expectations around the next generation of iPhone models -- particularly the premium OLED version -- are an entirely different matter. Expecting a "super-cycle" At this point it seems that the investment community is largely expecting the upcoming OLED iPhone (as well as, to a much lesser extent, the refreshed iPhone 7s/7s Plus) to help drive a so-called "super-cycle." Indeed, it's hard not to be excited about the possibility that Apple could see not only unit shipment increases in the coming cycle (the new OLED iPhone could help give Apple's slumping performance in Greater China a much-needed boost, for instance), but that the new phones could help drive Apple's iPhone average selling prices up. You don't need to be a financial whiz to see that higher average selling prices coupled with higher unit shipments is a potentially awesome combination. So, what's the risk, then? Simple: if the entire investment community is expecting great things and those great things are priced into the stock, then when the new product cycle starts, it's reasonable to expect one of three possible outcomes: Apple's "super-cycle" leads to revenue and profit levels that even the most bullish forecasts from analysts covering the stock as well as the major institutional investors didn't expect, driving the stock up. Apple's "super-cycle" comes in as expected and investor focus potentially shifts to "what comes after the big super-cycle?" Apple's "super-cycle" isn't as "super" as many investors expect, leading to investor disappointment and a potentially significant drop in the stock price. Given the hype around the new iPhone models, I wouldn't peg the odds of option one playing out as particularly high; options two and three each seem substantially more likely than option one and neither of them is exactly a reason to get excited about buying Apple stock after the nearly 30% gain the shares have delivered year-to-date (this is huge for a company of Apple's size). Apple is a great company and I'm personally quite excited for this year's product launches, but given the move in the stock price year-to-date, it seems that the market is, too, which creates the risk of significant disappointment later on in the year.     Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info May 8, 2017 at 9:15AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $153.01 up $4.05 (2.72%) Read More A Foolish Take: Which Companies Dominate the Wearables Market? Apple Inc.'s Mac Accelerates Its Rebound Is This Crazy Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor Likely to Be True? A Noted Investing Guru Has Some Advice for Apple Apple Inc.'s iPad Does Better Than Expected Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current A Big Risk for Apple Inc. Stock @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
News Stocks Technology Science Tech Space Human Earth Health Politics World Videos TheTape Latest Follow WSP Newsletter RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Search for: HomeNewsThanks To Robots, Tesla May Someday Be Worth As Much As Apple (TSLA) Thanks To Robots, Tesla May Someday Be Worth As Much As Apple (TSLA) It might sound 'delusional', but Elon Musk says he sees 'a clear path to that outcome'. May 8, 2017 WSP Tesla’s (NASDAQ:TSLA) current market value is pegged at more or less $50 billion. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), on the other hand, is worth over $700 billion. At their first quarter earnings call, Tesla’s big boss Elon Musk made a bold (but no longer so surprising) claim that the company will one day be able to catch up to Apple and make its value climb up to $700 billion. And it’s their robot and software technologies that will make this possible. According to Musk, their upcoming Model 3 is currently being made in a production line that’s comparable with the world’s best car makers. While that might be impressive enough, it’s going to get even better as a result of future advancements. Musk is referring to the ‘tremendous amount of software’ that Tesla will use to go at ‘the machine that builds the machine’ — the ones that will make the Tesla Model 3 and its batteries. To build its cars and ensure that they are able to meet their demand, Tesla has new production lines scheduled to roll out in the next few months. There’s the former NUMMI factory in Fremont, California which is being rebuilt and upgraded so it can increase its annual production output from 100,000 cars to 500,000 cars by the end of 2018. Then there’s the Gigafactory that Tesla is building in the Nevada desert. ‘Giga’ is the perfect description for a factory that’s going to hold the record for being the world’s largest building once it’s completed. At 5.8 million square feet, it can supposedly house 3 (maybe 4?) Pentagons. And at its full capacity, it can produce batteries faster than the rate that bullets can be shot out of a machine gun. As described by Inverse, the Gigafactory will be run by a combination of big and small robots capable of charging themselves during the day, and carrying and moving car parts (weighing up to 90 Kg for the small bots and up to 360 Kg for the big bots) from one section of the factory to another. “This is not just a bunch of robots that are sitting there. It’s programming of the robots and how they interact. And it’s far more complex than the software in the car,” explained Musk in the earnings call. Although there are those who remain skeptical not just about Tesla being ‘overvalued’ (others still have a hard time believing that Tesla is just running a little far behind General Motors’ market value), but also regarding the company’s capability to deliver their products (specifically Model 3) at volumes that justify the company’s current worth, it’s also hard not to believe that if anyone is capable of overcoming seemingly insurmountable odds, it’s going to be Musk. If Tesla’s ‘robots’ are as special as Musk is painting them to be, then they can probably build Tesla’s cars not just faster but maybe at cheaper costs as well. And if this is what happens, then the Palo Alto, Calif.-based company might really be on its way to reaching its multi hundred billion dollar potential. Reference: MarketWatch AAPL TSLA Previous article Next article Related Articles Business Tesla (TSLA) And Chinese Theme Park Operator Reportedly Working On Building Supercharger Stations August 26, 2014 WSP Business Tesla Motors Slammed by Barclays – (TSLA), (BCS) April 8, 2014 WSP News Morning Buzz: Array BioPharma (ARRY), Apple Inc. (AAPL), GoPro, Inc. (GPRO), XOMA (XOMA), FXCM Inc. (FXCM) July 22, 2015 WSP Be the first to comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website The Latest World’s Largest X-Ray Laser Is Switched On For The First Time May 8, 2017 Thanks To Robots, Tesla May Someday Be Worth As Much As Apple (TSLA) May 8, 2017 World’s First Quantum Computer Is Here May 7, 2017 Attacking A Patient’s Immune Cells May Wipe Out HIV May 7, 2017 New Battery Design Could Boost The Range Of Electric Cars To 1,000 Km May 7, 2017 Editor’s Picks The Era Of Smartphones Is Ending April 4, 2017 Scientists Identify Key Gene That Controls Brain Aging March 21, 2017 HIV Breakthrough Could Speed Up Cure March 21, 2017 Was Einstein Wrong About Gravity? March 19, 2017 Warning from Experts: Painkillers May Significantly Raise Cardiac Arrest Risk March 19, 2017 10 Amazing Benefits That Make Green Tea The Healthiest Drink In The World March 13, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google+ Authors Copyright © 2017 Wall Street Pit | Contact Us | Advertise | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Sohn Conference CNBC Disruptor 50 College Game Plan Tech Drivers Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Spotify CEO claims internet giants like Apple and Google 'abuse their privileged position' A letter signed by Spotify CEO Daniel Ek, and other European technology leaders claim some internet services abuse their power. Google and Apple were not named in the letter, which was sent to the European Commission. Arjun Kharpal | @ArjunKharpal 17 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Internet companies like Google and Apple are abusing their power and scale, a number of European technology businesses such as Spotify have claimed. The chief executives of music streaming service Spotify, rival firm Deezer and Rocket Internet among others, sent a letter to the European Commission, the European Union's executive arm, claiming that online platforms "can and do abuse their privileged position". "Our collective experience is that where online platforms have a strong incentive to turn into gatekeepers because of their dual role, instead of maximizing consumer welfare," the CEOs wrote. Andrew Burton | Getty Images Daniel Ek, CEO and Founder of Spotify The Financial Times first reported the story on Friday, and Business Insider publishing a full copy of the letter on Monday. The European tech firms did not specifically name Google or Apple in the letter but referenced mobile operating systems, app stores, search engines, marketplaces and social media services as examples of the kind of platforms they take issue with. In one part of the letter, the CEOs said examples of platforms turning into gatekeepers include them "restricting access to data or interaction with consumers, biased ranking and search results to lack of clarity, imbalanced terms and conditions and preference of their own vertically integrated services." With Google dominating the search market in Europe and its Android mobile operating system along with Apple's iOS making up over 90 percent of the mobile market in the region, it's clear who the chief executives are singling out. Apple and Google were unavailable for comment when contacted by CNBC. The European Commission was also unavailable. The letter was sent to the commission ahead of a midterm review of the Digital Single Market, a policy aimed at harmonized rules across the bloc when it comes to policy around the digital economy. The review is scheduled for Wednesday. Apple and Spotify have clashed in the past. Last year, Spotify sent a letter to Apple accusing it of "causing grave harm" to the company and its customers by rejecting an update to the streaming service's iOS app. Spotify has also hit out against the 30 percent charge Apple has on payments made via iTunes. In July, the Swedish firm sent an email to remind customers it was cheaper to sign up to Spotify directly through the company's website than via the App Store. Arjun KharpalTechnology Correspondent Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GOOGL ---
Tech Search Search WMPWThe World’s Most Powerful Women: May 9 marketsWall Street’s ‘Fear Index’ Has Hit a Two-Decade Low Fortune 500Anti-Pipeline Protestors Shut Down Chase Banks in Seattle JapanIMF Warns Asian Countries to Act Now Before Aging Populations ‘Tax’ Growth Best Companies Apple’s Reported ‘iPhone 8’ Might Not Be Delayed After All Don Reisinger May 08, 2017 Apple's next iPhone release date has been a subject of debate, and it doesn't look like it'll be solved anytime soon. The tech giant is rumored to be working on three new iPhones this year, and at least right now, production is on schedule and they should reach store shelves in October as planned, the Economic Daily News is reporting, citing people who claim to have knowledge of Apple's release schedule. The Chinese media outlet's sources, whose comments were earlier reported on by Digitimes, say Apple will unveil all three new iPhones in September. Apple has been rumored for months to be working on three new iPhones this year. Two of those handsets—believed to be known as the iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus—are expected to only offer minor updates over last year's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. A third version, which could be known as the iPhone 8, is expected to come with a sizable update, including a new all-glass design. Apple is also rumored to be considering a virtual fingerprint sensor, which would be baked into the smartphone's screen and might use organic light-emitting diode (OLED) screen technology to boost the display's brightness and color accuracy. Get Data Sheet, Fortune’s technology newsletter While Apple (aapl) hasn't confirmed it is working on a new iPhone—let alone one with a major update—that hasn't stopped reports from suggesting the device is coming later this year. Initially, reports had suggested that the iPhone 8 and iPhone 7s models would be unveiled in September and released soon after. However, several recent reports, which cited supply chain sources, have said that Apple is having trouble sourcing enough units for its iPhone 8 and might need to delay it to later in the fourth quarter. However, the Economic Daily News' sources say suppliers are on schedule and some will begin ramping up their production in June. Apple's assembly partners—Foxconn, Pegatron, and Winstron—are already recruiting more employees in anticipation of the iPhone ramp up, according to the report. Apple did not respond to a Fortune request for comment. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Nintendo Switch Nokia 3310 iPhone 7 Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / iPhone 8 might not be delayed until 2018 after all iPhone 8 might not be delayed until 2018 after all by Sean Keach 17 hours ago 0 shares Read Comments Rumours that Apple’s iPhone 8 might by delayed until next year have been challenged by a new report from China. It’s long been rumoured that Apple is going big this year; the 10th anniversary iPhone is tipped to pack all kinds of new features. But this impressive showing also led to rumours that the phone would be delayed on account of supply chain issues. For instance, it’s been claimed that yield for OLED displays – expected to be finally added to the iPhone this year – has been lower than expected. According to China’s Economic Daily News (EDN) however, the iPhone won’t delayed at all. The publication alleges that production is on track, and that the first units will be available for sale as soon as October. Bear in mind, however, this this information can’t be verified, and may be inaccurate. Previous reports had suggested that despite Apple’s plans to have phones ready by August or September, production had been delayed until the fourth quarter of 2017 – delaying sale until 2018. But the EDN report notes that key suppliers, including chipmaker TSMC, circuit board makers Zhen Ding Technology and Kinsus Interconnect Technology, and battery supplier Simplo Technology are all ready to ramp up iPhone parts in June. Related: Samsung Galaxy Note 8 Taiwan’s TSMC, which manufactures Apple chips, is expected to begin fabricating the wafers for Apple’s new A11 chip on June 10 according to the report, and is tipped to deliver the chips in high volume by the second half of July. What’s more, assembly giants like Foxconn and Pegatron are said to be accelerating the recruitment and training of new workers ahead of iPhone 8 mass production. The iPhone 8 is expected to arrive in September this year, and will mark the 10th anniversary of Apple smartphones. The working theory is that the iPhone 8 will be a special edition device that lands alongside two more conventional iPhone 7S devices. Apple is tipped to introduce OLED displays and an all-screen front design, which would be a marked departure from previous iPhone handsets. For instance, OLED displays are much more efficient, as well as producing a better colour gamut and wider dynamic range, than conventional LCD panels. Samsung has been using OLED screens for years on its flagship Galaxy smartphones – including the new Galaxy S8. However, this situation was helped by the fact that Samsung manufactures the lion's share of phone-sized OLED panels globally. Unfortunately, Apple hasn’t actually confirmed any details about its plans for new smartphones, so take this report with due caution. We often hear a flurry of supply chain news ahead of official iPhone launches, but it’s not always correct. What would you like to see from the iPhone 8? Let us know in the comments. Latest Deals From Ebay NEW Apple iPhone 7 UNLOCKED 128GB RED 4G LTE GLOBAL GSM FULL APPLE Warranty FAST $789.00 View Item APPLE IPHONE 7 RED 128GB BRAND NEW FACTORY UNLOCKED SMARTPHONES $855.99 View Item Apple iPhone 7 (Latest Model) - 32GB, 128GB, 256GB FACTORY UNLOCKED All Colors $759.89 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Accessibility links Skip to article Skip to navigation Telegraph.co.uk Monday 08 May 2017 Home Video News World Sport Business Money Comment Culture Travel Life Women Fashion Luxury Tech Film Competitions Telegraph Shop Telegraph Gardenshop Telegraph Travel Collection Advertisement Home» Promotions» Competitions Win Easter Holiday themed prizes with the Telegraph For your chance to win these amazing prizes from ViewRanger, Bettys, Keith Brymer Jones, Fiskars, Forever Unique, Heart & Home, Portlebay Popcorn, Rooi Luxury Living, Stay In & Virgin Balloon Flights, enter below now.   Image 1 of 10   Image 1 of 10   Image 1 of 10   Image 1 of 10   Image 1 of 10   Image 1 of 10   Image 1 of 10   Image 1 of 10   Image 1 of 10   Image 1 of 10 2:37PM GMT 07 Mar 2016 WIN a Sony Smartwatch 3 PLUS get £100 of ViewRanger vouchers ViewRanger is the outdoor discovery app, helping you locate, plan, navigate, record and share your outdoor adventures – and what’s more it’s free! It’s perfect for walkers, cyclists, horse riders and anyone who loves the outdoors, offering detailed maps and route guides for the UK and abroad. Find new places to explore close to home and discover more further afield, plus upload and share your favourites with our community of 2.5m+ users. The app is available to download for free on Apple, Android and Kindle devices, plus it’s compatible with Apple Health and Android Wear, so you can see your stats on your smartwatch. Download the free app and start your adventure today: www.viewranger.com WIN a Sony Smartwatch 3, which is compatible with the ViewRanger app to make navigating routes even easier! PLUS, get £100 of ViewRanger vouchers to purchase maps and premium content. Win a Breakfast Set worth over £75 by Keith Brymer Jones Keith Brymer Jones, judge of BBC2’s The Great Pottery Throw Down, is thrilled to offer one lucky winner a fantastic breakfast set from his renowned word range of ceramics. This stylish and contemporary breakfast set is simple, practical and perfect for every day dining. Each piece is made from the highest quality white porcelain and hand-stamped with a word in retro typewriter font. Including designer egg cups, the perfect-sized bowl for your favourite cereal, a ‘relax’ bucket mug, small milk jug, side plate and stylish teapot, this prize will make the ultimate Easter morning breakfast in bed. If taste is all in the presentation, it will be the best breakfast that you have ever had! Telegraph readers can also receive 15% OFF everything in stock at www.keithbrymerjones.com with the voucher code TLGEASTER16 until 30th April 2016. Win a Bettys Easter Entertaining Gift Basket worth £50.00 Since 1919 people have been flocking to Bettys. Now with six Café Tea Rooms in Yorkshire, Bettys also delivers worldwide www.bettys.co.uk With nearly 100 years of delighting customers, you might wonder if there is a Bettys secret. The bakers, chocolatiers, and confectioners at Bettys Craft Bakery will say it is down to using exceptional ingredients, expert craft skill, attention to detail and beautiful finishing touches, from hand decorated cakes and Easter eggs to the elegant gift boxes they come in. Bettys Craft Bakery has developed a wonderful range of seasonal specialities, complemented by teas and coffees from around the globe. The Bettys Easter Entertaining Gift Basket contains everything you will need for the perfect Easter weekend. Contents: - Simnel Fruit Cake Portion - Tea Room Blend (80 Tea Bags) - Café Blend Coffee - Spiced Easter Biscuits - Praline & Milk Chocolate Eggs - Florentines - Lebkuchen Speckled Hen Biscuit Win a set of Fiskars award-winning tools worth over £150 Thanks to Fiskars, one lucky reader will kick-start their spring gardening with a set of award-winning tools worth over £150. This prize bundle includes the superb Fiskars PowerGear™ pruner, lopper and hedge shear. These super sharp cutting tools feature a patented gear design that gives 3x the cutting power of standard cutting tools and are designed to increase power whilst minimising unnecessary strain. The Fiskars PowerGear™ bypass pruner features a handle that rolls to follow your hand’s natural clenching motion reducing stress and fatigue. "Fiskars garden tools give me what nature hasn’t and that is instant green fingers. Between their amazing ergonomics and ultra lightweight materials, the Fiskars range of cutting tools mean that even a clumsy science geek like me can become a horticulture hero.” James Wong, TV celebrity, ethnobotanist and brand ambassador for Fiskars. To make sure every garden is in tip-top shape, we’re including the innovative Fiskars Xact™ Weed Puller. Effortlessly and efficiently removing weeds by the roots, without the need for unnecessary bending or harmful chemicals, the Fiskars Xact™ Weed Puller is as kind to the environment as it is to the gardener. www.fiskars.co.uk Luxury fashion brand Forever Unique is offering you the chance to win £500 to spend at foreverunique.co.uk. Specialising in ladies occasionwear, the collection has now expanded to stylish ready-to-wear separates and stand out swimwear. With a strong focus on body perfecting construction and premium embellishment, Forever Unique offers everything you need to maximise your look for when it matters most. Plus, with the launch of the new Moroccan Affair collection - think tropical prints and glittering embellishments with plunging necklines and sweeping silhouettes - you're sure to find the perfect piece for your next summertime soiree. Discover the full collection today www.foreverunique.co.uk Win a luxurious home fragrance selection from Heart & Home If you love to fill your home with the most indulgent of candle fragrances, then this is the perfect prize for you! One lucky winner will receive an irresistible collection of truly indulgent aromas, as well as some tantalisingly tempting co-ordinating home accessories from the popular Heart & Home range. From sumptuous Pearl Bouquet, featuring notes of ylang ylang and subtle hints of vanilla, to refreshing floral based aromas, this prize will help you bring the revitalising smells of spring right into your very own home. Heart & Home are specialists in exquisite home fragrances which will instantly stimulate your senses. Products are lovingly designed in the UK and feature distinctive lids with imagery that truly reflects the gorgeous fragrances within. Using the finest ingredients to create the unique soy wax blend, the scents are created with input from some of the top fragrance houses in Europe. Heart & Home have hand-picked a stunning selection of their latest fragrances from the highly anticipated spring collection and have also included a few choice accessories, which complement the candles and wax melts perfectly. If you'd like a chance to win this luxurious prize, enter your details below. Heart & Home will be giving all of these lovely products away to one overall winner at the end of the competition. www.heartandhome.com Win a Year’s Supply of Portlebay Popcorn Portlebay Popcorn is thrilled to offer Telegraph readers the chance to win a year’s supply of delicious Portlebay Popcorn. The winner will be sent a variety box of Portlebay Popcorn every month for a year. Our delicious popcorn is popped by hand with raw cane sugar to add crunch, together with a sprinkling of sea salt or wonderful natural flavours including Bacon and Maple Syrup and Lemon Sherbet. Our aim is to scoop up an outdoor, sunny, happy feeling and pop it into every bag of Portlebay Popcorn. In addition, we are offering Telegraph readers an exclusive 25% Off all our range for sale on Amazon until 30th April 2016 – Click here and please use the promotional code LOVE2POP at the checkout. WIN this stunning 100% cashmere scarf worth £199 Rooi is offering you the chance to win our Wispy scarf in Medusa Pink. This scarf is manufactured in Scotland, from one of the world’s best cashmere producers! We adore the lightness, delicacy and softness of our Medusa Pink scarf, with its delightful raw edges. The scarf also has two contrasting shades of pink to give the scarf such an intriguing pattern and colours. You can choose to drape it round the shoulders as a stole, or wrap it warmly around your neck. To discover more about the product ranges at Rooi’s and to receive 20% off all purchases, visit Rooi.com and use promo code: telegraph20 www.rooi.com Win a romantic weekend for two at the St Mawes Hotel worth £400 Set alongside the harbour, in the heart of the village, the St Mawes Hotel has a lively and informal feel, without compromising on taste and style. The warmth of the team, beautifully designed rooms, lively restaurant and terrace make the luxury sea view hotel a place that draws locals and visiting guests back time and time again. You will enjoy two nights’ accommodation in one of the seven boutique bedrooms with continental breakfast included on both days. www.stayincornwall.co.uk Win a Sunrise Gift Package for Two, RRP £229 Take life higher this Easter with your chance to win a spectacular Champagne hot air balloon flight experience for two from Virgin Balloon Flights. Enter our competition for the chance to head up, up and away from any of 100 beautiful launch sites across the UK. Enjoy unforgettable views as you drift gently through the skies wherever the wind takes you and take home memories that will last forever from a truly unique experience. The prize includes two balloon flight vouchers for a stunning early morning flight, a fun helium balloon gift box and a box of delicious milk chocolate champagne truffles. And even if you don’t win, as a Telegraph reader you can still enjoy this once in a lifetime flying experience for just £99pp. Visit www.virginballoonflights.co.uk/telegraph for more information. (Offer expires 30th April 2016) Terms & Conditions Competition closes on Friday 8th April 2016 Online Form - Win Easter Holiday themed prizes with the Telegraph Telegraph-Offers-480147458676116 Follow @telegraphoffers Advertisement Competitions Win the chance for your child to be a ball carrier at the HSBC London Sevens   Here's the chance to win a once-in-a-lifetime ball carrier experience for your child at the HSBC London Sevens Win a seven-night sailing holiday in Greece   Here's your chance to win a magnificent sailing holiday for two people, including return flights from the UK Win a night and a meal at Michael Caines’s top new gastro hotel   Calling all foodies. Enter the prize draw to win a luxury one night stay and dining experience for two in East Devon Win a trip for two to the first Test in New Zealand   Pick your British & Irish Lions XV to start the first Test against New Zealand and you could be at Eden Park, Auckland, to watch the game Advertisement Back to top HOME News World News Obituaries Travel Health Jobs Sport Football Cricket Fantasy Football Culture Motoring Dating Finance Personal Finance Economics Markets Fashion Property Puzzles Comment My Telegraph Letters Columnists Technology Gardening Telegraph Shop Contact us Privacy and Cookies Guidelines Advertising Tickets Announcements Reader Prints Follow Us Apps Epaper Expat Promotions Subscriber Syndication © Copyright of Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Terms and Conditions Today's News Archive Style Book Weather Forecast
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path PCMagPicks SurfaceLaptop Facebook Cassini GoogleDocsScam Menu Subscribe Home / Reviews / Cell Phones / Apple iPhone / 10th Anniversary iPhone 8 Expected in October 10th Anniversary iPhone 8 Expected in October By Matthew Humphries May 8, 2017 07:01am EST 10 Comments Any concerns the iPhone 8 would be delayed have apparently disappeared from the supply chain. Production is preparing to ramp up! This is a big year for Apple as it marks the 10th anniversary of the iPhone, a device that has generated the majority of Apple's profits and made it the most cash-rich company in the world. To celebrate the smartphone, we're expecting a revolutionary 10th anniversary iPhone 8, which is expectd to arrive in October, according to MacRumors. In fact, we can expect three new iPhone models to be unveiled in September and sold in October. There will be the typical S refreshes for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, but also this anniversary iPhone 8. It may be called something else by Apple, but iPhone 8 seems to have stuck for now. Related A Visual History of the iPhone A Visual History of the iPhone As well as an anniversary celebration handset, this iPhone is expected to be radically different from what has come before. Apple will switch to using an edge-to-edge OLED screen with Samsung supplying the panels. There's also a suggestion the display may be curved. The casing will be glass and the Touch ID sensor is thought to be integrated into the display. Wireless charging may also feature, which helps explain the all-glass casing and suggestion the Lightning Port is gone, too. Such big changes to the iPhone's design raised concerns over managing to deliver the iPhone 8 on time and alongside the usual annual iPhone refresh. Integrating the Touch ID with the display panel was thought to be a particularly difficult challenge. However, according to MacRumors, all talk of delays in the supply chain have disappeared and production is preparing to ramp up. We should expect Apple to do its usual iPhone reveal event in September before all three new models go on sale in October. Interest is sure to be very high, but it is expected production can meet demand, even for the iPhone 8. If that's the case, the biggest hurdle to purchasing an anniversary iPhone may end up being how many people can actually afford one. Back to top Previous : Geek Builds Own iPhone Using Chinese Market Parts By Matthew Humphries Senior Editor Matthew is PCMag's UK-based editor and news reporter. Prior to joining the team, he spent 14 years writing and editing content on our sister site Geek.com and has covered most areas of technology, but is especially passionate about games tech. Alongside PCMag, he's a freelance video game designer. Matthew holds a BSc degree in Computer Science from Birmingham University and a Masters in Computer Games Development from Abertay University. More » More Stories by Matthew Echoes Is Last 3DS Fire Emblem Game As Focus Turns to Switch Even though Nintendo is about to refresh the hardware for the sixth time, it looks as though develop... More » Microsoft Says There Is No Surface Pro 5 (Yet) The Surface Pro 4 won't be replaced until there's a clear "experiential change" to trigger a major h... More » Google Drive Passes 2 Trillion Files Stored Google's next big announcement is going to be when the service hits one billion active users. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles What Is 5G? Everything Coming to Netflix in May 21 Optical Illusions That Prove Your Brain Sucks The Eerie World of Abandoned Computers 6 Video Games You'll Want to Buy In May Inside GE's Research Center and its Quest for an Automated Future »See More //Related Reviews Apple iPhone 7 Plus Google Pixel Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge The Best Phones of 2017 //Discover... 23 Things You Didn't Know Your Chromecast Could Do 29 Breathtaking Pics From Cassini's Journey to Saturn 22 Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
caret-down clock comment email facebook feed go-to-bottom go-to-top heart log-out moon pencil search-white twitter cog list user mefi-shirt bracketed-plus down-arrow html-bracket-left html-bracket-right slash two-lines bold close hyperlink icon_19502 icon_248 icon_299 italic media1 media2 media4 media5 media7 media8 musicnote hide show MetaFilter community weblog Log In Sign Up MetaFilter AskMeFi FanFare Projects Music Jobs IRL MetaTalk More Best Of Podcast Chat Labs Search MetaFilter… Menu Home FAQ About Archives Tags Popular Random Appleseed WA 38 May 8, 2017 6:32 AM   Subscribe Washington Apple Growers Sink Their Teeth Into The New Cosmic Crisp - "He doesn't remember the day in 1997 when he took a bite of an apple from the tree that was labeled WA 38. But it must have made a good impression because he and his colleagues kept it around. It's still there, in a research orchard near Wenatchee. Most of the orchard is filled with rows of young seedlings, the latest products of Washington state's breeding program. At the far end of the orchard, though, stands the original WA 38 'mother tree'. Every one of the millions of Cosmic Crisp trees now growing in orchards and nurseries is a clone of this tree." posted by kliuless (45 comments total) 13 users marked this as a favorite   Never heard of Cosmic Crisps before this, but I'll definitely look for them. I'm not as big of a fan of Honeycrisps as everyone I know seems to be, but this year we discovered Envy apples, and I'm having a hard time making do with the choices I can seem to find now that Envys (Envies?) are no longer available. The biggest selling point for me about Envys, though, which I don't see mentioned about Cosmic Crisps, is that they don't turn as brown. Which is a big deal when you've got a kid who's always looking for reasons to reject foods. posted by Mchelly at 7:00 AM on May 8 [3 favorites] Every one of the millions of Cosmic Crisp trees now growing in orchards and nurseries is a clone of this tree. No way that could go wrong... posted by kjs3 at 7:05 AM on May 8 [7 favorites] Yeah, because monocultures are the BEST! (Gros Michel, I remember you!) posted by Samizdata at 7:06 AM on May 8 [3 favorites] Isn't cloning pretty much how all cultivated apples roll, though? posted by soren_lorensen at 7:08 AM on May 8 [38 favorites] Isn't cloning pretty much how all cultivated apples roll, though? yes. posted by entropicamericana at 7:12 AM on May 8 [16 favorites] Isn't cloning pretty much how all cultivated apples roll, though? Yes, apples don't inherit their parents characteristics. Wikipedia calls it "extreme heterozygous". I don't understand the mechanism, but it means that if you grow an apple tree from seed you'll almost always end up with a crab apple tree. posted by papercrane at 7:15 AM on May 8 [6 favorites] Envy has a painfully short season. :( posted by elsietheeel at 7:17 AM on May 8 [1 favorite] It's why apples in America, before Prohibition, were used almost exclusively for hard cider. They might not be edible, but they were potable! posted by rikschell at 7:18 AM on May 8 [6 favorites] Many years ago as a young lad, I got to take a tour of the Canadian government test farm in the Okanagan with my father's friend. I still remember it as a surreal experience, walking an orchard, pulling apples, taking a bite and then tossing them to the ground. There were so many criteria - not only the obvious, that apples needed to be tasty and juicy and crisp and not mealy. There was one promising one that was too big for lunchboxes, another that was too small. Some were too fragile, or difficult to grow, or attacked by worms, or easily damaged or just ugly. I remember taking a bite of one that seemed like the perfect Goldilocks apple, not too tart or too sweet, not too big or too small. It was a great apple, and my dad asked why it wasn't on the market. His friend told us to look down - the spot where we had bit had already turned almost completely brown. posted by Homeboy Trouble at 7:19 AM on May 8 [27 favorites] Washington apples, now? *spits seeds onto rich New York soil* posted by The Underpants Monster at 7:20 AM on May 8 [3 favorites] I wonder if the Cosmic Crisp is related to the Honeycrisp? I love me some Honeycrisp, but I could do with something similar that wasn't $5/lb... posted by The otter lady at 7:29 AM on May 8 [1 favorite] I'm old enough to remember Red Delicious apples tasting good, so I'm giving this a bit of side-eye. I have several reactions. This is exactly why public research is so worthwhile. I'd like it if more was done to preserve old varieties; that would also be a good use of public funds. What's the sugar content? Many fruits & veg are being bred for high sugar, and even apple sugars have implications. Is it a good pie apple? Does it keep well? posted by theora55 at 7:33 AM on May 8 [3 favorites] TUM, WA has supplied the western US with apples for decades. posted by brujita at 7:50 AM on May 8 [2 favorites] I don't understand the mechanism, but it means that if you grow an apple tree from seed you'll almost always end up with a crab apple tree. An applebreeder who posts as Skillcult on youtube calls bullshit on this, naming his new apple grown from seed "Bite Me Michael Pollan" to try and reverse some of the damage from the misinformation in the book. He is now offering scions for people who want to try his new public domain seedling apple. Here's a video on how he chooses breeds to cross. posted by 445supermag at 7:51 AM on May 8 [10 favorites] Yeah, because monocultures are the BEST! Yup! Just ask all those elm trees that died. posted by Melismata at 7:56 AM on May 8 I'm old enough to remember Red Delicious apples tasting good, What parallel universe did you step out of ? I'm happy to see red delicious properly slagged in the article (and I swear golden was also mentioned in the on-air version of this story.. ). They don't touch on "Empire" apples -- another apple variety with state specific roots (IIRC, wasn't licensed to anyone outside of NY state, like this apple). I also seem to recall empire's being over-planted, and demand wasn't what the growers counted on, causing pricing issues etc. (Since these seem to be heavily over planted as well.. ) posted by k5.user at 7:58 AM on May 8 [1 favorite] I'm old enough to remember Red Delicious apples tasting good I'd believe it. Granny smith apples have definitely gotten larger and less tart and flavorful than when I was a kid. I've bought some apples labelled granny smith that weren't even tart in the least. Though I am curious: if apples varieties are clones, how does this happen? posted by Zalzidrax at 8:04 AM on May 8 [1 favorite] The club apple thing is entirely because University of Minnesota didn't have much control over the Honeycrisp. They gave them away to anyone, which meant that a lot of growers planted them in inappropriate areas - they need upper Midwestern weather, cold Falls and not too warm in the summer, or the apples don't turn out as well. The resulting inconsistency in apple quality and inevitable glut on the market meant the Honeycrisp "brand" was diluted somewhat. They're still premium apples, but not at the same price point as the club varieties. Personally, living in Minnesota, I still like the apples, but you can be darn sure I look to see where they are grown before I buy them. I'm of two minds here. On the one hand, "club" apples have led us to a new golden (delicious) age of apples, where I can reliably find more than 3 types of apple in any given store. On the other hand, corporate ownership of a given variety, forever? WTF. Should a private citizen snip a bud off of one of these trees and graft it onto one of his or her own crab apple trees, I'd not feel the slightest bit of concern for the grower. (Commercial apple piracy? Bad. Personal borrowing of a cultivar, for your own home? Civil disobedience for the good of humankind.) Now then, apples appear to be well on their way to success. Can someone please clue in the folks who grow peaches and pears? When I buy a peach I want to know a whole hell of a lot more than just "yellow" or "white", and although I do like a nice Bartlett or Bosc, I am darn sure there are more than 3 varieties of pear in the world. posted by caution live frogs at 8:05 AM on May 8 [6 favorites] I fully expect, when I bite into my first Cosmic Crisp apple, an experience not unlike that of Bilquis's supplicant on last night's American Gods. posted by sutt at 8:06 AM on May 8 [4 favorites] Though I am curious: if apples varieties are clones, how does this happen? In the case of the Red Delicious, a number of mutations to the original variety have emerged on propagated trees, and then been repropagated as their own strain. Hence they are still derived from the original Red Delicious by cloning, but have been subject to mutation and selection over the many generations of that derivation. posted by howfar at 8:09 AM on May 8 [1 favorite] Washington apples, now? *spits seeds onto rich New York soil* If it's not Cortland, get back in the truck. posted by robocop is bleeding at 8:12 AM on May 8 [4 favorites] Washington and/or New York apples, now? /sips last season's Black Oxford cider posted by givennamesurname at 8:32 AM on May 8 I grow Ribston Pippens at the allotment, which are quite nice. They have an almost tingly mouthfeel when you eat them. At the house we have 3 apple trees two bramley's seedlings and another unknown dessert apple variety that is still somewhat tart. I'm also in the process of espalliering two pear trees Duyonne du Comice and Beurre Hardy. The neighbour over the road has a conference pear and the next door one has a blush pear variety. There is a good resurgence in different apple and pear varieties over here and the orchard I ordered my trees from cartainly has quite a lot of varieties all grown in yorkshire soil, so they should thrive in the garden. Me I make cider and perry as much as I can stand to press. posted by koolkat at 8:47 AM on May 8 [2 favorites] Wasn't the Cosmic Crisp the apple that Loki and the Avengers were fighting over? posted by GenjiandProust at 8:51 AM on May 8 [4 favorites] I'll keep an eye open for them, though currently Envy is my apple of choice. They're expensive but for me they hit the perfect balance of tart and sweet (I find Honeycrisp to be too sweet), and they're never mealy unlike certain other apples I could name. posted by sotonohito at 9:05 AM on May 8 [1 favorite] TUM, WA has supplied the western US with apples for decades. I make the same jokes about Vermont maple and Wisconsin dairy. It's a hold over from my days working in agricultural education. New York onions are known for their bold flavor, due to our glacial muck soils! posted by The Underpants Monster at 9:22 AM on May 8 [1 favorite] I'm still grieving that Seedling Farms stopped doing their mail-order heirlooms, due, I think, to unpredictable crop levels (which does indirectly make the case for the big commercial apple, I guess...). A box full of crazytimes! posted by praemunire at 9:26 AM on May 8 I remember Red Delicious apples from childhood (1960s) as flavorless, and Golden Delicious as having a mild but unpleasant flavor. However, once I had apples described as "old-fashioned Delicious" and they were in fact excellent. They also had red and green stripes and were oddly assymetrical-- I don't remember the details, but they were slanted relative to their cores. posted by Nancy Lebovitz at 9:37 AM on May 8 [1 favorite] did someone say Washington Apples? posted by namewithoutwords at 10:07 AM on May 8 More apple varieties is a good thing, though I will be sad if this means that it will cut into the heavy production of Cripps Pink that has made them wonderfully cheap. Even if they aren't great keepers. Because those are the best of the supermarket apples. I don't like Honeycrisp. I guess I just can't taste what everyone else does in them. I'd rather have a Gala, and they're way cheaper. The best part about living in WA is that we do get so many varieties. Lots of heirlooms, and others that are not ideal for large scale production. Our local co-op gets some really interesting apples every year. posted by monopas at 10:10 AM on May 8 On the other hand, corporate ownership of a given variety, forever? WTF. Should a private citizen snip a bud off of one of these trees and graft it onto one of his or her own crab apple trees, I'd not feel the slightest bit of concern for the grower. (Commercial apple piracy? Bad. Personal borrowing of a cultivar, for your own home? Civil disobedience for the good of humankind.) I heard a radio piece on this once and the thing that that is actually owned is the name and the logo. You're probably fine to grow however many SweeTango apples you want if you can steal a branch, but you can't call them SweeTango which is really the key thing if you're a commercial grower. Is it a good pie apple? Does it keep well? It's the tyranny of the majority for commercial apple growers - they grow apples to be eaten fresh. I used to be able to buy Norther Spys at small corner fruit stores in Toronto but you'd never see them in grocery stores and they were very seasonal. But for better or worse the vast majority of the market doesn't really care about those two attributes and so grocery store apples typically keep OK and aere not great pie apples. Although IMO honeycrisps are great in anything, I seem to recall they bake up OK. (and if I never see a Macintosh apple again it will be too soon) posted by GuyZero at 10:50 AM on May 8 My wife made an apple crisp last fall with Honeycrisps - it was to die for. We just got a price list from our small rural nursery. I can get a pair of Honeycrisps for a ridiculous price and I'm gonna do it. posted by Ber at 10:57 AM on May 8 I'd call them SqueeTango because breaking the t off sweet gets on my nerves. posted by Nancy Lebovitz at 11:01 AM on May 8 Just dropping in to recommend Cripps Pink (Pink Lady) because they are delightful. Honeycrisps are too sweet for me, generally. I will definitely look forward to trying out this new apple should any make their way intact to Texas. posted by emjaybee at 11:12 AM on May 8 [1 favorite] Anyone else tried the Jazz apple? (Mentioned briefly in this article.) I've had some large Jazz apples that were kind of mushy and flavorless, but when the small, really hard versions show up in stores, they're great -- almost too sweet for me to handle, actually. I'll be keeping an eye out for the Cosmic Crisp! posted by mylittlepoppet at 11:40 AM on May 8 [1 favorite] I remember taking a bite of one that seemed like the perfect Goldilocks apple, not too tart or too sweet, not too big or too small. It was a great apple, and my dad asked why it wasn't on the market. His friend told us to look down - the spot where we had bit had already turned almost completely brown. and yet we eat bananas. posted by srboisvert at 11:44 AM on May 8 Now we just need a Hecatonchires cyborg for harvesting all these apples. posted by Sunburnt at 12:08 PM on May 8 [1 favorite] Yeah, because monocultures are the BEST! Agricultural thread bingo. posted by maryr at 12:13 PM on May 8 [6 favorites] I recommend trying any russet varieties you can get hold of. My partner and I have tried every apple variety we've seen for sale (50+ at this point) and we agree that none has been as good as the Ashmead's Kernel we get from a local farmer's market and our Co-op -- or the rarely encountered Cox's Orange Pippin either, for that matter. posted by jamjam at 12:58 PM on May 8 [2 favorites] The poor russet. I love golden russets, as a child I remember some family friends always had a large number of them in storage in winter. They store well and were always good to eat. I can hardly find them any more though. Consumers don't want "ugly" apples so there are very few local cultivators anymore. posted by papercrane at 1:21 PM on May 8 [2 favorites] We had quite a few Sheep's Nose trees in our little orchard. It's a New England heirloom with a sort of longish, darkish fruit. It's usually used as a cooking Apple, but we generally through hours in the cider golden and red delicious. Whatever didn't go in the cider went in the big batch of applesauce-for-the-freezer, and the skins gave it a lovely color. I remember the first time I saw store bought apple sauce, I didn't know what it was because it was so thin and yellow. posted by The Underpants Monster at 1:22 PM on May 8 [1 favorite] Grew up with a garden that had various old apple and pear trees, including something a bit like a Cox but not quite, and a (exact variety unknown) russet. There was also a huge cooking apple tree, which produced enormous green oblate fruit in numbers - there are only so many jars of chutney one family can make. There was one tree which was quite small and produced bright yellow, utterly inedible crabapples, and I have no idea what use was made of it - it was in a little patch of its own, with gooseberry, red- and blackcurrant bushes and the remains of a low box hedge around it, so it could have been partially ornamental, but who knows. They were all past their best (heaven only knows how much the cooker churned out in its prime) and given the history of the place I reckon they were probably planted in the early-mid 19th century, as various other features in the garden were clearly relics of Victorian formal layout, if not Georgian. Perhaps some were more recent, but they all certainly looked ancient. The cooker was probably a Devonshire Buckland, which came on the scene in 1803 from a location not far from the garden, so that all fits. But the only way you can beat a russet is with another russet that you reached up to and picked while lying in a hammock strung between the russet apple tree and the pear tree next to it. The pear tree was hopeless, just oroducing a handful of pears a year, but at least that meant the wasps stayed over the other side of the orchard. Mostly. I checked on Google Maps a couple of years ago, and wished I hadn't - the orchard part of the garden has been sold off and is now a small house. On the other hand, a nearby wooded hillside that was once part of the same lands, and which I know from childhood exploration contained another ghost garden, remains untouched. posted by Devonian at 1:38 PM on May 8 [5 favorites] Consumers don't want "ugly" apples so there are very few local cultivators anymore. You're right, but the more fools we consumers, then; I seem to recall that the compounds which give apples their distinct flavors are synthesized in the skin, so it makes sense to me that the rougher, thicker-skinned russets would have such super-charged flavors. Russets were Anne of Green Gables' favorites, though -- maybe an enterprising marketer could rename one of the more available russet varieties the Anne Shirley (isn't there a new AGG series on the way?) and grab a bit more of a share. posted by jamjam at 1:52 PM on May 8 [1 favorite] We had quite a few Sheep's Nose trees in our little orchard. OK, now I want to just start making up apple cultivars. Nob's Red Turkey Gobble Golden Oak Saucers' Delight Granite Garnet Russet Quince's Curse Agricola Agricolae Kitchen Helper Lunchbox Disappointment Harold Unsung Hero Just Apple (TM)posted by maryr at 2:51 PM on May 8 [6 favorites] I'm a huge Envy fan, too. I'm always curious about a new variety. And I do remember catching some great Red Delicious in the early to mid 60s - you had to find the darkest red ones, with a bit of pink tinge that that came from the skin. posted by Sweet Dee Kat at 5:38 PM on May 8 « Older Anti-protest bills would 'attack right to speak...   |   I'm about 30 brindled bandicoots, give or take... Newer » You are not currently logged in. Log in or create a new account to post comments. Related Posts Fraises Des Bois July 3, 2016 plant sex in silico March 8, 2014 selection and preservation that bind humans and... June 20, 2013 Get a load of these cuties March 17, 2012 There were ten thousand thousand fruit to touch October 2, 2007 Tags cosmiccrisp apple apples fruit food agriculture farming marketing design plants breeding orchard trees tree horticulture botany Share Twitter Facebook About MetaFilter MetaFilter is a weblog that anyone can contribute a link or a comment to. A typical weblog is one person posting their thoughts on the unique things they find on the web. This website exists to break down the barriers between people, to extend a weblog beyond just one person, and to foster discussion among its members. Sites MetaFilter AskMeFi FanFare Projects Music Jobs IRL MetaTalk Best Of Podcast Links Home FAQ About Archives Tags Popular Random Wiki Search Chat Labs Members Sign Up Log In Search MetaFilter… Fund MetaFilter Join 4,302 readers in helping fund MetaFilter Contact Us © 1999–2017 MetaFilter Network Inc. All posts copyright their original authors. Classic Theme.
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics MSFT AAPL Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Dow Jones crawls despite a monster day for Apple >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > Monday’s Vital Data: Tesla Inc (TSLA), ILG Inc (ILG) and International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) TSLA options are mixed amid Apple buyout speculation, ILG makes a rare appearance and Buffett throws IBM under the bus By Joseph Hargett, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  May 8, 2017, 8:11 am EDT Get AAPL alerts: Submit Source: Shutterstock     View All   Popular Posts: Beware Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock and the Extreme Bulls Tuesday’s Vital Data: Twitter Inc (TWTR), Tesla Inc (TSLA) and Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) What’s Left to Push Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Higher? Recent Posts: Under Armour Inc (UAA) Stock Is Vomiting Its Earnings Rally Monday’s Vital Data: Tesla Inc (TSLA), ILG Inc (ILG) and International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Fitbit Inc (FIT) Stock Isn’t, Ahem, Fit for Your Portfolio View All Posts U.S. stock futures are retreating this morning as Wall Street endures a bit of a sell-on-the-news event in the wake of France’s election results. Emmanuel Macron handily beat Marine Le Pen in this weekend’s French presidential election, a widely expected result despite last-minute email leaks from the Macron campaign. Oil prices are also applying pressure this Monday morning, slipping to $46.21 per barrel at last check. Against this backdrop, futures on the Dow Jones Industrial Average are down 0.11%, while S&P 500 futures are off 0.07% and Nasdaq-100 futures have shed 0.08%. On the options front, Friday’s volume arrived well ahead of average as traders prepared for gyrations in the wake of French elections. Overall, about 16.7 million calls and 14.4 million puts changed hands. On the CBOE, the single-session equity put/call volume ratio retreated to 0.64, while the 10-day moving average held at 0.66. Driving Friday’s options activity, Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) attracted mixed options activity despite analysts at Morgan Stanley speculating on an Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) buyout. Meanwhile, Hyatt and Westin hotel operator ILG Inc (NYSE:ILG) attracted a flood of put volume after the company posted better-than-expected first-quarter earnings results. Finally, International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE:IBM) was hit with heavy put volume after Warren Buffett admitted he was wrong on the company. Tesla Inc (TSLA) Apple has quite the hoard of cash right now, and every analyst on Wall Street is speculating on what the iPhone maker will buy — especially since Apple only hiked its dividend by a disappointing 10.5%. With the company recently receiving approval to test self-driving cars in California, Morgan Stanley speculated that Tesla could be on Apple’s shopping list. A similar remark by Citi’s Jim Suva helped boost TSLA stock more than 4.3% on Friday. Surprisingly, typically speculative TSLA options traders were not amused by the suggestion. While total volume rose to a respectable 712,000 contracts on the day, calls only captured 46% of the day’s take. As I noted on Thursday of last week, puts have gained considerable attention on Tesla stock recently. What’s more, as a result of Friday’s influx of put activity, the May put/call open interest ratio ballooned from Thursday’s perch at 1.15 to its current reading at 1.20. Currently, the May $300 put is the most popular, with more than 3,800 contracts in residence, as traders either speculate on support in the region via put sells, or snap up long puts betting on a decline. ILG Inc (ILG) ILG made a rare appearance on the top 10 most active options listing on Friday after the operator of the Hyatt, Westin and Sheraton hotel brands posted better-than-expected first-quarter earnings results. Revenue for the quarter surged 58% to $452 million, while earnings arrived at 35 cents per share, up from 33 cents in the year-ago period. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/mondays-vital-data-tesla-inc-tsla-ilg-inc-ilg-and-international-business-machines-corp-ibm/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Hot Stocks to Sell Before They Hit the Wall 3 Alternative Funds to Save You From the Next Market Crash Why Apple Just Became an $800 Billion Company Coach Stock Is a Screaming Buy After Kate Spade Buyout How High Can Tesla Climb Without Regular Profits? Facebook Is Losing a War With Itself ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Hot Stocks to Sell Before They Hit the Wall 3 Alternative Funds to Save You From the Next Market Crash Should Warren Buffett Buy Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock? 3 Bank Stocks That Can Bank You Free Profits Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Is a Great Buy … If You Wait Most Popular The 10 Best Growth Stocks You Can Buy Right Now The 3 Best Comeback Stocks to Buy in 2017 10 Simply Safe Dividend Stocks to Buy for Retirement 7 Mid-Cap Stocks to Buy for ‘Sweet Spot’ Returns 10 Dividend Stocks That Will Deliver Double-Digit Returns Every Year The Top 5 Stocks to Buy in May Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snap beat expectations in its first quarterly report? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
CLOSE X IOLPersonal Finance Shop @ LootAfrican IndependentYoung IndependentIOL PropertyIVEO Tue 9 May companies economy energy markets entrepreneurs technology MORE Careers International Opinion Financial Tools IOL special features the zuma era wef africa - durban 2017 trump's america NEWS POLITICS business business report personal finance SPORT ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE MOTORING TRAVEL Multimedia NEWSPAPERS Classifieds Cape Community About IOL international International All Business Report Companies | Economy | Energy | Markets Markets Shares Currencies Commodities Market Indicators | Entrepreneurs | Technology | Careers | International | Opinion | Financial Tools | About Us | Contact Us | Advertisement Apple wants to transform DC's historic Carnegie Library International | 8 May 2017, 3:05pm Jonathan O'Connell Washington - Steve Jobs minted Apple as a top American retailer by designing crisp, modern stores with features reminiscent of the company's products. Glass boxes and aluminium panels abounded. But as Apple moves to turn its stores into experiences places for concerts, art exhibitions and photography classes, the tech giant has begun to pursue distinctive yet familiar buildings that its customers might admire as well. Share this story File image In Washington, DC, Apple has set its sights squarely on the Carnegie Library in Mount Vernon Square. One of thousands of libraries built nationwide with funds donated by the steel tycoon and philanthropist Andrew Carnegie, it opened in 1903 as the first desegregated public building in the city. There, Apple officials say they plan to restore the building to its original grandeur and outfit Carnegie as a place to hold a slate of free concerts, art exhibitions, and workshops for teachers and coding classes for children. Trial programs at other Apple stores have included presentations from community artists and photographers, as well as concerts and talks from bigger names - the hip-hop producer RZA led an "Art of Beatmaking" session at Apple's Brooklyn store last fall. The company plans to release a fuller schedule of events around the country this month. The ultimate goal, of course, is to sell more iPhones and iPads. Where the Carnegie Library once housed the city's book collection, Apple plans a "Genius Grove," a tree-lined sales floor where company representatives will show customers how to maximize Apple products for music, photography or other passions. What long ago were reading rooms would become places to browse and sample Apple products? "This is a way of creating a reason to come to the store, to touch and feel our products, but also to have an engaging experience with someone who is passionate about the same thing," said B.J. Siegel, who is the senior design director for Apple's retail division. Finding historic buildings with stories rooted in their communities are part and parcel to the experience Apple is trying to create, Siegel said. The company in recent years has opened stores in a former restaurant bay in New York's Grand Central Terminal, a Depression-era brick storefront in Brooklyn, and in a 130-year-old former bank in Paris. Rather than plastering the buildings with the company's logo, Apple's designers say they will focus on restoring the building's historic character. It can take a little work to find the store's signage and logo - which is the point. "For us, it wasn't about coming in and leaving our mark," Siegel said. "It was about bringing the history back out and respecting it." "We've discovered that big, garish logos on historic buildings don't work very well, so often we try to find more subtle ways to brand the building," he added. That couldn't be further from the failed strategy of the previous pursuit of the Carnegie Building. The International Spy Museum proposed moving into the Carnegie Building more than three years ago, but it sought to double the size of the 63,000-square-foot building by building two expansive, glass-encased wings. The District's Historic Preservation Review Board turned the proposal away. Apple does plan to install a skylight in the Carnegie Building's roof above a central events area, and there are bound to be questions about handing one of the city's more cherished buildings to a corporation. But there is wide agreement among DC officials that the Carnegie Building could be better used. Despite its visible location south of the Walter E. Washington Convention Centre, it serves mainly as an office space for the Historical Society of Washington DC and as a venue for the occasional wedding or reception organized by Events DC, which manages the building. When Apple signed a letter of intent in December to lease the building, DC Mayor Muriel Bowser, D, issued a statement saying that an Apple store there "could link DC's rich history to our continued economic renaissance, will demonstrate the strength of our retail market, and will tell companies across the globe that the District is open for business." Even the Historical Society isn't going anywhere; Siegel said that Apple considered it a benefit to have such a unique community institution as a neighbour and that the organization would maintain offices on the second floor. Read also: SA school libraries in crisis Gregory O'Dell, president and chief executive of Events DC, said he was "working to support Apple with its plans as well as our partners in the Historical Society of Washington, DC"  Apple is scheduled to present its plans to the area's Advisory Neighbourhood Commission on Monday evening. In New York, Apple picked up a historic preservation award for its work restoring the sort of buildings that, in Jobs's era, it would not have considered. Angela Ahrendts, Apple's current senior vice president for retail, considers it essential to the company's future that it be more than a place to buy things. "Starbucks figured it out, for being a gathering place, right?’Meet me at Starbucks,' " Ahrendts told CBS in a recent interview. "I've told my teams, I'll know we've done a great job if the next generation, of Gen Z, says, 'Meet me at Apple.' "  WASHINGTON POST Share this story Recommended For You Most Read 1 UWC student raped in campus bathroom 2 Alleged Cape gang boss shot in drive-by 3 ‘Raped by dad and brother’ 4 One dies as alleged gang boss is wounded in shooting 5 Fashion designer shot dead by cop at birthday party Advertisement X BUSINESS REPORT About us Contact us Feedback Follow us on INSIDE BUSINESS REPORT Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology Careers International Opinion Financial tools EXPLORE IOL News Politics Business Report Personal Finance Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Motoring Travel BUSINESS REPORT WEEKLY Sign up to receive our weekly edition of Business Report in your inbox. SIGN UP OR subscribe to e-editions of our Newspaper titles. Terms & Conditions Privacy policy Feedback Advertise with us © 2016 Independent Media and affiliated companies. All rights reserved
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Sohn Conference CNBC Disruptor 50 College Game Plan Tech Drivers Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Apple just got its most bullish forecast yet: Worth $1 trillion in a year One analyst has raised his price target on Apple stock to $202 per share, the highest estimate by analysts who cover the company to-date, according to data from TipRanks. Apple is hugely underappreciated, Drexel Hamilton's Brian White writes in a note to clients. Should shares of Apple climb to White's price target, the company would be worth $1.06 trillion. Lauren Thomas | @laurenthomasx3 14 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters One analysts gives apple its highest price target yet    16 Hours Ago | 00:54 After reporting mixed earnings last week, Apple was given a $202 price target, its highest to date, by one analyst on Monday. With the expected release of the iPhone 8 this fall, Apple is only in the "early stages" of unlocking upside potential for investors, Drexel Hamilton's Brian White wrote in a note to clients Monday. "We believe Apple remains among the most underappreciated stocks in the world," White said. The analyst raised his 12-month price forecast for Apple stock to $202 from $185, reiterating a buy rating on the shares. Apple closed Friday at $148.96 per share. If the stock climbed to White's target (a gain of more than 35 percent), that would give the iPhone juggernaut a market value of $1.05 trillion based on its current share count of 5.2 billion. show chapters Trader: Took 2 years for Apple to get new market cap high    15 Hours Ago | 04:10 White said his 12-month price target is based on applying a 16 P-E to his 2018 pro forma EPS estimate of $10.49 and then adding the company's cash per share. The analyst argues this is more than reasonable considering the S&P 500 currently trades at 16 times 2018 estimated earnings. White's price target marks the highest for the company among 33 Wall Street analysts who cover Apple, according to data from TipRanks. The average price target of those analysts is $159, and the lowest is $120, TipRanks said. "Apple's valuation has been depressed for years as investors grew concerned that Apple would fall victim to the missteps of consumer electronic companies of the past," White wrote. "However, Apple has proven its resilience through its unique ability to develop hardware, software and services that work seamlessly together." As of Friday's close, shares of Apple have risen 60 percent over the past 12 months and are up about 29 percent this year. APPL 12-month performance  Source: FactSet —CNBC's Michael Bloom contributed to this report. Lauren ThomasNews Associate for CNBC Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change S&P 500 --- AAPL --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Here's Why Apple Inc. Won't Dump ARM for MIPS Virtually no benefit for a big headache would be a losing proposition for Apple. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) May 8, 2017 at 8:45AM Today, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) builds custom processor cores for the A-series processors that power its iOS-based products. These processor cores implement ARM Holdings' ARMv8 instruction set, which means code that's designed to run on ARM processors will run on Apple's custom processors, though Apple's goal is for its own implementations to run that code faster and/or more efficiently than other ARM-based chips. Because Apple's processor cores implement the ARM instruction set, Apple pays a per-chip royalty fee to ARM Holdings. This royalty isn't high -- it's on the order of cents, not dollars -- but it is there nonetheless. Image source: Apple. There's been some speculation out there that Apple might be interested in acquiring the MIPS processor assets that struggling Imagination Technologies (NASDAQOTH:IGNMF) is now trying to sell in a bid to cut ARM Holdings out. Here's why I don't think that's likely. Lots of pain, practically no gain Transitioning Apple's iOS and the entire app ecosystem away from the ARMv8 instruction set and toward the MIPS64 instruction set wouldn't be easy. Apple would need to build a special MIPS64-compatible version of iOS and, much more importantly, it would need to get app developers to rebuild their applications to be compatible with the MIPS64 architecture. That's, to be blunt, non-trivial. Not only that, but Apple would also need to force its processor teams -- which are, by now, very well acquainted with ARMv8 processor development -- to move to MIPS64. This is obviously doable, but it'd be an unnecessary nuisance for Apple's chip-engineering teams. Even if Apple could successfully pull it off, it's tough to imagine that it would yield any significant benefit to Apple. The ARMv8 instruction set architecture is generally considered to be quite good; chip expert David Kanter described it as "a clean and elegant 64-bit instruction set" and a "sound design that was well thought out and should enable reasonable implementations." Now, these headaches would be fine if it yielded a real, significant gain in performance, chip development time, power efficiency, or an improvement along some other important vector. But the reality is that Apple's buying MIPS and building MIPS64 processors would do little more than save Apple a practically insignificant amount of money per device, and even in total. Here's what Apple is more likely to do Although I'd peg the odds that Apple will buy Imagination's MIPS division at pretty much zero, Imagination's MIPS team certainly has plenty of sharp engineers. Now that Imagination has publicly announced that it's actively trying to shop the MIPS assets around, I wouldn't be surprised if many of the MIPS engineers at Imagination -- particularly the cream of the crop -- are now, or will soon be, actively exploring new opportunities. Considering Apple seems to perpetually be on the hunt for great chip engineers, I wouldn't be the least bit surprised to see a flow of engineers from Imagination's MIPS team to Apple's processor teams over the next couple of months. In light of that, Imagination had better offload MIPS sooner rather than later, as an outflow of talent would probably diminish the value of the asset to prospective buyers.  Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info May 8, 2017 at 8:45AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $153.01 up $4.05 (2.72%) IMAGINATION TECH GRP PLC NASDAQOTH:IGNMF $1.23 down $0.02 (-1.59%) Read More A Foolish Take: Which Companies Dominate the Wearables Market? Apple Inc.'s Mac Accelerates Its Rebound Is This Crazy Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor Likely to Be True? A Noted Investing Guru Has Some Advice for Apple Apple Inc.'s iPad Does Better Than Expected Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Here's Why Apple Inc. Won't Dump ARM for MIPS @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $IGNMF
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Is This Crazy Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor Likely to Be True? This Fool weighs the pros and cons of this interesting iPhone 8 rumor. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) May 8, 2017 at 7:30AM As MacRumors reports, analysts with J.P. Morgan recently suggested that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) might choose to include a pair of AirPods with the iPhone 8 rather than force interested customers to shell out the $159 required to buy them. MacRumors' Joe Rossignol called this prediction "outlandish." However, it's worth spinning this idea around to see if it makes sense or if it is, indeed, "outlandish." Image source: Apple. Let's weigh the pros and cons of such a move. The argument for in-box AirPods Apple's AirPods are clearly proving to be successful; these things have been available for months, yet, as Apple CEO Tim Cook indicated on the company's most recent earnings call, the company has yet to reach supply-demand balance for these products. Part of that may very well be due to manufacturing constraints, but given that Apple released the AirPods for sale all the way back in December, I'd imagine Apple has been able to ramp up supply of these products significantly. Yet if I wanted to buy a pair of AirPods today from Apple's online store, my order wouldn't ship for six weeks. Since Apple clearly has a product that customers want, the company could conceivably aim to improve the value proposition of its upcoming premium iPhone models even further by throwing the AirPods in. The argument against in-box AirPods Though there's clearly an argument to be made for throwing in those AirPods to try to boost customer demand, there are plenty of reasons that such a move wouldn't make sense. First, if Apple does throw the AirPods in with the premium iPhone, then that will necessarily drive the cost of the iPhone "package" that Apple sells to its customers with the iPhone 8. That increase in cost structure would either manifest itself as an increase in the price of the device, probably hurting demand, or as a gross-margin reduction for Apple. Beyond that, there's the common-sense notion that the upcoming premium iPhone 8 is expected to be a radical redesign of the iPhone packed with all sorts of interesting, whiz-bang features. Although customer demand is hard to forecast, especially considering we don't know that much about the device's features, capabilities, or pricing, I'd bet that demand for this product will be quite robust on its own merits. In other words, Apple probably doesn't need to toss in a "sweetener" like that to move a product like the iPhone 8; indeed, there have been numerous reports that Apple is facing production bottlenecks and will be significantly supply constrained on these devices as it is. And, finally, if -- come the iPhone 8 launch -- Apple is still struggling to build enough of these AirPods to meet demand, then including them in a mass-market product like the iPhone 8 could add yet another production bottleneck that would further constrain supply and limit sales. Assessing the likelihood I'd say that the argument is overwhelmingly in favor of not seeing Apple include the AirPods, especially if they're substantially more expensive to manufacture than the traditional wired earbuds that Apple already tosses into the box today. It seems both unnecessary and risky for Apple to include AirPods in its upcoming premium iPhone 8, especially as the device should be compelling enough to sell on its own merits.   Ashraf Eassa has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info May 8, 2017 at 7:30AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $153.01 up $4.05 (2.72%) Read More A Foolish Take: Which Companies Dominate the Wearables Market? Apple Inc.'s Mac Accelerates Its Rebound A Noted Investing Guru Has Some Advice for Apple Apple Inc.'s iPad Does Better Than Expected Apple Shouldn't Buy Netflix: Here's Why Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Is This Crazy Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor Likely to Be True? @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: Installing macOS Sierra step-by-step [Video] Trending in Apple Here’s how Apple could easily solve its Touch ID ‘problem’ on the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Opinion: We may now be just two or three years away from an iPhone replacing a DSLR Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: hardware and performance results [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 153.01 4.05 Apple reveals plans for D.C.’s Carnegie Library store: restoration, subtle branding, new skylight Ben Lovejoy - May. 8th 2017 5:48 am PT @benlovejoy Apple Store View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit It was in September of last year that we first heard that Apple was in talks to open an Apple Store in Washington D.C.’s famous Carnegie Library, with more details emerging later in the year. The company has now revealed more of its plans as it prepares for a presentation this evening … NordVPN While some are concerned about handing over control of a historic building for use as a retail store, Apple says that its plans are respectful of both the appearance and current role of the building. Apple officials say they plan to restore the building to its original grandeur and outfit Carnegie as a place to hold a slate of free, open-to-the-public concerts, art exhibitions, workshops for teachers and coding classes for children […] Rather than plastering the buildings with the company’s logo, Apple’s designers say they will focus on restoring the building’s historic character. It can take a little work to find the store’s signage and logo — which is the point. “For us, it wasn’t about coming in and leaving our mark,” Siegel said. “It was about bringing the history back out and respecting it.” It does propose to open a large glass skylight, and showed an artist’s rendering of this. The piece cites New York’s Grand Central Terminal, a Depression-era brick storefront in Brooklyn and a 130-year-old former bank in Paris as past examples of Apple designing its store in sympathy with historic buildings. The company’s plans are backed by D.C. Mayor Muriel E. Bowser. [An Apple store there] could link D.C.’s rich history to our continued economic renaissance, will demonstrate the strength of our retail market, and will tell companies across the globe that the District is open for business. Apple will this evening be presenting those plans to the Advisory Neighborhood Commission. Ben Lovejoy @benlovejoy Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels published to date, and an SF novella series coming in March 2017. Favorite Gear MacBook/Pro/Air Sony a6300 DJI Mavic Pro Guides Apple Store View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: Installing macOS Sierra step-by-step [Video] Trending in Apple Here’s how Apple could easily solve its Touch ID ‘problem’ on the iPhone 8 Trending in Apple Opinion: We may now be just two or three years away from an iPhone replacing a DSLR Trending in Apple Building a GTX 1080 Ti-powered Hackintosh: hardware and performance results [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 153.01 4.05 Voice-controlled speaker market predicted to double as Apple reportedly works on its plans Ben Lovejoy - May. 8th 2017 5:10 am PT @benlovejoy Siri Siri Speaker Might Apple use a Mac Pro-inspired design for its Siri Speaker? View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit As Apple is believed to be working on its own ‘Siri speaker‘ product, research firm eMarketer has predicted that the U.S. market for voice-controlled speakers will double this year. The number of active U.S. users will more than double for the devices this year, to 35.6 million, eMarketer said. Reuters reports that in the market currently dominated by Amazon and Google, there is currently a clear leader … NordVPN Amazon.com Inc is dominating the nascent market for voice-controlled speakers, research firm eMarketer said on Monday. The e-commerce giant’s Amazon Echo and Echo Dot devices will claim a 70.6 percent share of the U.S. market this year […] That puts it far ahead of Alphabet Inc’s Google Home, a similar gadget that has a 23.8 percent share, and less successful offerings from other tech companies. However, Google’s share is expected to grow as its brand awareness is increasing at a faster rate than that experienced by Amazon. Apple is of course expected to compete in the premium end of the market, rather than chasing market share initially. We first heard reports of the company working on a connected speaker almost a year ago, when it was suggested it might feature facial recognition cameras. The most recent report suggests that Apple very well could announce it at WWDC. While a Siri speaker likely only makes sense for some households, Apple would come to the market with a number of advantages over existing products. These include multi-language support, HomeKit and app integration through a Siri SDK. Ben Lovejoy @benlovejoy Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels published to date, and an SF novella series coming in March 2017. Favorite Gear MacBook/Pro/Air Sony a6300 DJI Mavic Pro Guides Siri View THe Guide Siri Speaker View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] iOS 10.2.1 Problems: 5 Things You Need to Know Adam Mills03/22/2017 iOS 10.2.1 problems continue to plague iPhone, iPad and iPod touch users as we push deeper into the month of March. Ahead of its official release, Apple released an iOS 10.2.1 beta for developers and those signed up via the free Beta Software Program. The iOS 10.2.1 beta helped Apple squash a number of issues ahead of the official release. It failed to eradicate them all. While the iOS 10.2.1 update fixes some lingering iOS 10 issues, its brought its own set of problems to iPhone, iPad and iPod touch users. iPhone and iPad users are reporting iOS 10.2.1 problems including abnormal battery drain. Today we want to take a look at the most important things iPhone, iPad and iPod touch owners need to know about iOS 10.2.1 problems as we push toward the next iOS 10 release, a release that could be just a few short days away. This roundup looks at the current state of iOS 10.2.1 problems, offers potential fixes for the most common iOS 10.2.1 issues, and provides some resources that could come in handy if you start to see trouble with your version of the iOS 10.2.1 update. It also takes a look at what’s next from Apple in terms of bug fixes for iOS 10 problems. iOS 10.2.1 Problems iOS 10.2.1 is a small maintenance update but it’s causing big problems for iPhone and iPad users. We continue to see complaints about abnormal battery drain, broken Wi-Fi, missing News app, finicky Bluetooth, busted cellular data, issues with lag, crashes, random reboots, email issues, installation problems, and various issues with sound. iPhone users are also complaining about the “30% battery bug.” Those experiencing the issue say their battery suddenly dies when their device reaches the 30% battery mark. The issue first appeared late last year and it appears to be fairly widespread. Apple’s discussion forums, Reddit, and social media sites like Twitter are filling up with complaints about iOS 10.2.1 and we expect more complaints to emerge as more people download and use the update on their device. @AppleSupport it's iOS 10.2.1 and my battery is draining so quickly all of a sudden, when Iv hardly been using it.. — Shan (@ShannonStendall) March 14, 2017 iOS 10.2.1 kills the battery life like anything . Hope there would be a patch soon for this — vivaji (@vivaji) March 13, 2017 This iOS 10.2.1 battery bug is killing me. When’s 10.3 coming? I’m ready for APFS anyway. — Ryan Elainska (@glassblowerscat) March 13, 2017 @AppleSupport @apple I just upgraded my ip6 to iOS 10.2.1. My battery suddenly drains so fast & device gets so much hotter. Please fix it. — Z (@clingey) March 10, 2017 @Apple The only reason my wifi sucks is the iOS 10.2.1 still drops my home signal or asks for my PW. After a few restarts it works again. — Kyle Willemssen (@KyleWillemssen) March 6, 2017 iOS 10.2.1 is officially the worst update ever. iMessage & iCloud calendar problems, and now Bluetooth & Apple Watch issues. I miss Steve. — Leng Caloh (@lengcaloh) March 6, 2017 It’s impossible to predict what you might run into after you install iOS 10.2.1 on your phone or tablet. This is why we recommend doing some prep work before you download the update on your phone. A little preparation ahead of the installation could go a long way toward preventing iOS 10.2.1 problems on your device. At the very least, you’ll want to make a backup, just in case you do run into one of these (or another) iOS 10.2.1 issues. Where to Find Feedback As we push into the year it’s important to keep tabs on the iOS 10.2.1 update and its performance. Digging into iOS 10.2.1 feedback will alert you to potential problems and it’ll help you find potential benefits of the iOS 10.2.1 update. You’ll find a ton of iOS 10.2.1 feedback to sift through, you just need to know where to look. To start, we’ve put together some reasons to and not to install the iOS 10.2.1 update right now. If you’re on the fence about the iOS 10.2.1 update, you’ll want to start there. We’ve also been digging into iOS 10.2.1’s performance on several popular devices including the iPhone 7, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6, iPhone 5, and iPad. Take a look at those roundups if you need some additional feedback. We also recommend keeping an eye on YouTube, Apple’s discussion forums, social media sites like Twitter/Facebook, and the MacRumors forums for additional feedback about Apple’s iOS 10.2.1 updates for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. How to Fix iOS 10.2.1 Problems If you run into trouble with your iOS 10.2.1 update you probably don’t need to make an appointment to see an Apple Genius. At least not yet. There’s a good chance you’ll be able to fix the problem on your own at home (or the office). If you start noticing issues take a look at our lengthy list of fixes for the most common iOS 10 problems on iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. Our list includes potential fixes for abnormal battery drain, Wi-Fi issues, Bluetooth problems, and more. We’ve also put together a guide that walks you through some ways to improve performance if you’re struggling with performance issues like lag, lockups and freezes on iOS 10.2.1. There are tons of potential fixes for iOS 10.2.1 problems. If we’re unable to provide you with a remedy for your iOS 10.2.1 problem, you should go to Apple’s discussion forums for help. If Apple’s official forums can’t help you solve your problem, you can get in contact with Apple Support via Twitter or schedule an appointment to see a Genius at a local Apple Store. iOS 10.2 Downgrade Closed Downgrading to an older version of iOS can sometimes help improve performance. Unfortunately, the downgrade is now closed. Apple’s no longer signing off on iOS 10.2 which means you can no longer drop down to it in an effort to improve your device’s performance. If you’re on iOS 10.2.1 you’re stuck until Apple releases the next iOS 10 update. That could be days from now, it could be weeks, we simply don’t know. For more on the downgrade process, take a look at our walkthrough. It’ll help you get prepared for next time. What’s Next Apple’s confirmed an iOS 10.3 update and we expect it to be the update that follows iOS 10.2.1. The iOS 10.3 update is confirmed and the beta delivers several new features and tweaks. It also brings bug fixes and performance improvements. If you’re dealing with an issue on iOS 10.2.1 or below, we highly recommend monitoring the iOS 10.3 update as it passes through beta. And if you think it might help with your iOS 10.2.1 issues, you might just give the beta a whirl. We could see more beta updates emerge before the update is officially released for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch though there’s also a chance iOS 10.3 beta 7 is it. Unfortunately, we still don’t exactly know when Apple will roll out iOS 10.3 and its collection of tweaks and fixes. The company hasn’t confirmed a specific iOS 10.3 release date but we now know it will arrive before the end of April. Apple recently confirmed a new Clips application alongside its new 9.7-inch iPad. Clips requires the iOS 10.3 update to work. Apple hasn’t given Clips an official release date though the company does say the application will ship sometime in April. In other words, expect iOS 10.3 to launch before the end of next month. Sooner, if we’re lucky. The company’s new iTunes 12.6 update comes with a “Rent once, watch anywhere” feature that requires iOS 10.3. 4 Reasons Not to Install iOS 10.3.1 & 9 Reasons You Should Install iOS 10.3.1 If You Want Better Security   1 / 13 If you value your security, you'll want to seriously consider downloading the iOS 10.3.1 update on your iPhone or iPad.  iOS 10.3.1 brings a single security patch for a potential Wi-Fi exploit. But if you failed to install iOS 10.3, your iOS 10.3.1 update will bring its monster list of patches as well.  The iOS 10.3 update delivered over 60 known patches for potential exploits. That's substantial, even for a milestone upgrade. The previous version of iOS 10, iOS 10.2.1, brought 14 known patches. Among them is a patch for a Safari ransomware bug that scammers used to extort iOS users who viewed pornography on their device.  These patches enhance the security on your iPhone, iPad and iPod touch making them ideal for those of you who store sensitive files/data on your device. Most people do. If you skipped the iOS 10.2.1 update and/or the iOS 10.2 update, know that iOS 10.3.1 brings their security patches with it as well. Again, the iOS 10.2.1 update had 14 important patches on board. You can see them all right here.  If you failed to install Apple's iOS 9.3.5 update, iOS 10.3.1 will also bring the three crucial security patches it delivered last year. These patch up serious security problems that could potentially expose your calls, contacts, texts, and emails. If security is important to you, iOS 10.3.1 is probably worth a download right now.   1 / 13 26 Responses 12/13/2016 Betsy Greenaker Reply Hi, on my husband’s 7 plus “hey Siri” doesn’t work at all. I’ve done everything I can think of, I’ve even factory reset the phone and still nothing! Help! Betsy Greenaker 12/16/2016 tmana Reply My keyboard stopped working when I upgraded to iOS 10.2. The issue: my default keyboard is Swype. The fix: go into Utilities/General/Keyboard. Select “Keyboards”. Select “Swype” (or other third-party keyboard). Select “Allow Full Access” (which had been turned off as part of the 10.2 upgrade. Read the warning (allows the developer of the keyboard to transmit anything you type, including things like credit card numbers and street addresses) and select “Allow”. 01/25/2017 Frank Reply “It’s not unclear when Apple plans to address the issue.” It’s not clear when Apple plans to address the issue. or: It’s unclear when Apple plans to address the issue. Either way, it sucks. 01/27/2017 Dave Pattison Reply I updated my iPod Touch to iOS 10.2.1 and now it will not play on my Panasonic docking station. 01/31/2017 Rilley Reply After I updated my ios to 10.2.1 i cant video all the other things seem to work properly but i cant video!! Plz help 02/04/2017 Gary Reply My iPhone 7s is now charging painfully slow so i have to put it into energy saving mode and flight mode while charging, i can no longer use it while charging because the battery goes nowhere. This is a joke from Apple! I never had the 30% bug problem in fact before this update i had no problem at all. They need to get it sorted ASAP 02/08/2017 shaz Reply My Iphone 6 WiFi is almost non-existent after latest update. It is 3 bars within 1m of my router, however 2-3m away it drops down to 1 bar & any further away drops completely! All my other devices work perfectly with the router. I am tech savvy & safe to say non of the fixes out lined anywhere on the i-net work. I am left with an Iphone with no access to I-net. Unless i live my entire life in a 1m radius :( Apple why can you not roll back to previous update??? When is 10.3? Need it now… 02/09/2017 Chetan Reply I have the same problem and was hoping that 10.3 would resolve it, but even after 2 beta version of 10.3, the problem persists… the worst part, if you go to 10.3 beta, you cannot downgrade to 10.2 as the filesystem has changed… really frustrating… 03/02/2017 a Reply same here 02/08/2017 Jim Reply I have gone through literally hundreds of apple product updates since 1987 on 25 Mac and IOS devices. I can still safely say we are still not approaching the 450 documented bugs with one Microsoft Word update of the early 90s. What worries me though is how close we are getting. We laugh no more at their plight. And no i wont upgrade til they fix it. 02/08/2017 Mahmood Alavi Reply After updating to iOS 10.2.1, at times if someone calls me, I don’t receive the call & caller gets a ‘busy’ tone. I do get a missed call notification. How to fix it? 02/18/2017 tanvi Reply im having the same problems. please assist 02/09/2017 Saroj Maharana Reply Hey guys. I’m currently using a 5s and after the iOS 10.2.1 update my phone is not playing any videos except for the ones in Facebook. Not the downloaded ones or on YouTube and also not through any website in the browser. Is there any ways to fix this. 02/10/2017 Dennis Flaherty Reply After downloading ios 10.2.1 my 5s now goes directly to email when i get a call. Do not disturb is turned off. If i toggle airplane it will work properly for obe call, then reverts back to problem. It also will not let me call out unless I toggle airplane mode. I have reset the network and restored the phone, problem still exists. Help!! 02/13/2017 nmlokesh Reply Free up space with iCleaner Pro for iOS 10 without Jailbreak, its works also iOS 10.1.1 and iOS 10.2 versions also on iPhone, iPad. http://iostract.com/icleaner-pro-ios-10-no-jailbreak/ 02/15/2017 sabrina Reply i lost my files on iBook after upgrade iOS 10,… help! 02/18/2017 Lisa Sorensen Reply I have 10.2.1 on my I Pad Pro. All of the sudden when I open the Facebook app it immediately shuts down unless I leave a finger on the screen of the Facebook app. Is there a fix? 02/19/2017 Vishal Reply assestive Touch problem… does anyone having it ? suddenly it stops at one place and after few seconds/minutes it becomes normal 02/20/2017 Zamokwakhe Reply I think it’s my last time I’m using apple’s product. I can’t work like this. I can’t update my apps. Some apps are crashing, it is overheating and drains the battery. I’m stucked This latest update is like a virus on it’s own. 02/21/2017 Jason Reply The major problem I have come across is keyboard lag, massive massive keyboard lag. Sometimes nearing 10 seconds. I traded in my 6 thinking it was a hardware problem after tons of trouble shooting, I went to the 7 plus and slowly the lag problem has begun to creep up again. Phone is 4 days old! Doing a restart seems to help fix it but wipes a lot of your personal settings. As you start adding them back the problem starts again 02/22/2017 jelle Reply I Have updated to IOS 10.2.1 and my iphone 5s has keeps randomly rebooting. I would like it if you wouldtake a look at this bug. 02/24/2017 Edward Reply I updated my 6 plus ,and my phone is crashing like a PC from 1990 All kinds of problems,what a shame a company of this magnitude release a crappy update like this,tomorrow I’m pulling out my back up flip phone to use,until the genius at apple get their act toghther. 02/25/2017 norm wheeler Reply I can’t seem to get autoplay on my desktop or laptop to download pictures from my iphone 6 since I installed 10.2.1….anybody else? 02/28/2017 John Proctor Reply I’m over the ‘New APPLE’! I’ve switch to Windows 10 and a Surface Pro 4. That is not without its problems but Jony Ives and his mad addition to ‘thinner is better’ has destroyed Apple for me. And my next phone will not be an iPhone either! I’m over Apple breaking things with each new release. My bluetooth headset Jabra Style has worked well in the past but 10.2.1 broke it. Cannot connect after initial pairing and can’t access SIRI! Somewhere in Apple’s labyrinth there are some regression testers that need to be fired! Apple has become a joke! This is from someone who has Macs since the Mac Plus days and has done IT support professionally on Macs! 03/06/2017 Richard Steven Patterson Reply Finally had to give up on iPhone after a month of crashing, bricking, perpetual rebooting, video problems, locking ups, etc., after installing iOS 10.2.1, on a new, 3 month old replacement iPhone 5 International (the original 5 International went into a battery thermal runaway and blew out the screen shortly after T-Mobile forced me into OTA updating to iOS 10). No help from Apple and got tired of reinstalling every week. No company should expect their business or other customers to wait, with a problematic or non-reliable phone, until a new OS release, e.g., iOS 10.3, while at the same time blocking them from going back to a prior stable version, e.g., iOS 9. Simply makes no sense to stick with Apple. Switched to a fantastic Google Phone, and even got a discount for dumping T-Mobile and going with the new Google Project Fi International cell phone network, with its fantastic cheap domestic and International voice, data and WiFi coverage. Must admit, I really should be thanking Apple for screwing up my iPhone, otherwise I would have probably stuck with T-Mobile for another 12 years and never discovered all the benefits of Googles Project Fi network. Still really ticked off that because of iOS 10.2.1, I can’t even use my iPhone as an alarm clock anymore. 05/08/2017 Mervin Molina Reply Having problem with iOS 10.3.1 my phone 5s always turn off It takes an hour to open again, since I updated this IOS , in 1 day it takes 10 times turn off automatically. It takes long to on again! Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Chinese News Site Reports there will be no Delay in the Launch of Next-Gen iPhones | Main | A new Supply Chain report Claims that Foxconn is likely to announce a Next-Gen Display Plant in the U.S. » May 08, 2017 Apple Makes their Official Pitch Tonight for their new Store within a Restored Carnegie Library Building in D.C.   Steve Jobs minted Apple as a top American retailer by designing crisp, modern stores with designs reminiscent of the company's products. Glass boxes and aluminum panels abounded. But as Apple moves to turn its stores into experiences — places for concerts, art exhibitions and photography classes — the tech giant has begun to pursue distinctive, yet familiar buildings its customers might admire as well.   A new report by the Washington Post notes that "In Washington, the company has set its sights squarely on the Carnegie Library, in Mount Vernon Square. One of thousands of libraries built nationwide with funds donated by steel tycoon and philanthropist Andrew Carnegie, it opened in 1903 as the first desegregated public building in the city.   There, Apple officials say they plan to restore the building to its original grandeur and outfit Carnegie as a place to hold a slate of free, open-to-the-public concerts, art exhibitions, workshops for teachers and coding classes for children.   Trial programs in other Apple stores have included presentations from community artists and photographers, as well as concerts and talks from bigger names, such as when hip-hop producer RZA led an "Art of Beatmaking" session at the company's Brooklyn store last fall. The company plans to release a fuller slate of events around the country this month.   The ultimate goal, of course, is to sell more iPhones and iPads. Where the Carnegie Library once housed the city's book collection, Apple plans a 'Genius Grove,' a tree-lined sales floor where company reps will demonstrate how to maximize Apple products for music, photography or other passions. What long ago were reading rooms would become places to browse and sample Apple products.   'This is a way of creating a reason to come to the store, to touch and feel our products, but also to have an engaging experience with someone who is passionate about the same thing,' said B.J. Siegel, Apple Retail's senior design director.   The concept is of course going international as well. Back in January Patently Apple posted a report titled "One of Apple's most Innovative and Technologically Advanced Stores is coming to Piazza Liberty in Milan Italy." In that report we noted that the Milan store is going to be one of the most innovative and technologically advanced Apple Stores in the world with the construction of an amphitheater open to the public and functional to host cultural events [as noted in the concept drawing below].   Last September Patently Apple posted a report titled "Apple Eying Flagship Store in Washington, D.C.'s Carnegie Library & More." The report was about Apple's opening proposal for opening an Apple Store at this location. The Washington Post's follow-up report today now informs us that Apple and B.J. Siegel, Apple Retail's senior design director, are scheduled to present their official plans to the neighborhood Advisory Neighborhood Commission this evening.   Gregory A. O'Dell, president and chief executive of Events DC, said he was 'working to support Apple with its plans as well as our partners in the Historical Society of Washington D.C.'" You could read much more on this here.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on May 08, 2017 at 06:05 AM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Apple Makes their Official Pitch Tonight for their new Store within a Restored Carnegie Library Building in D.C. Chinese News Site Reports there will be no Delay in the Launch of Next-Gen iPhones Senator Feinstein Revealed the True Cost the FBI Paid to Break into the San Bernardino iPhone Federal Court Rules that an Affinity Labs Patent used against Apple and other Tech Companies is Invalid Apple's SVP Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller thinks that Echo-Like Devices should have a Display The EU Commission is preparing to Lay Down new Digital Policies for Europe to Punish Apple and Google Apple Chooses Bosch for Sensors that Support Augmented Reality, In-Air Gestures, Indoor Navigation & Smart Glasses China's Huawei, Oppo and Vivo continue to dominate the Chinese Smartphone Market by beating Apple's iPhone SE Apple Watch Takes Global Wearables Lead over Fitbit in Q1 2017 Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Tuesday, May 09, 2017 As of 5:01 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Technology Apple iPhone 8 and two iPhone 7s’ production on track; Release date, specs and hardware discussed By Ritwik Roy @ritwikroy1985 on May 08 2017 10:17 PM 0 0 0 0 Apple CEO Tim Cook waves as he arrives on stage to deliver his keynote address at the Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco, California, U.S. June 8, 2015. Reuters/Robert Galbraith If latest reports are to be believed, the Apple iPhone 8 and iPhone 7s are very much on track. The Cupertino-based tech giant will reportedly announce the smartphones in September and they will go on sale from October. This news update from Economic Daily News comes despite various reports claiming a delay in the production pipeline for Apple’s next-generation iPhones. Apple was facing manufacturing issues with the new substrate-like circuit boards that will be present in all the three iPhones set to be released this year. The yields have since then improved a lot. The company has generally resorted to releasing its flagships in the month of September. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus were also released in the same month. Even though the Economic Daily News report (by DigiTimes) suggests that iPhone 8 and iPhone 7s are very much on schedule, if they are released in October, it would technically mean a delay. There are reports that Apple will start producing the internal components from June. Pegatron and Foxconn are said to be to be carrying out mass hires to prepare for iPhone 8 assembly. The final names of the three smartphones are not known yet. The company is said to be readying the two iPhone 7s’ that will have the same chassis design as the current generation iPhones. The focus will be on wireless charging, better battery life, better performance and internal upgrades. Then there is the third phone that the world is waiting for. It’s none other than the Apple iPhone 8, which is expected to be a revolutionary device. It may have a larger 5.8-inch OLED display that will be fitted into the same physical case size as that of the 4.7-inch iPhone 7. This means, the phone will be nearly bezel-less. It will be a stainless steel and glass wonder. Details about this edition of the flagship phone are scattered. Rumours are running rampant as to what its specs would be. Some reports claim that the Apple iPhone 8 will have a 3D-sensing front camera, improved waterproofing, A11 SoC and brand new vertical dual-camera architecture on the rear that will have optical image stabilisation on both lenses. Wireless inductive charging may also be present. Meanwhile, there is also big news on the Apple TV front as Tim Cook and Amazon’s Jeff Bezos may finally bury the hatchet for business’ sake. The Amazon Prime video app may soon come to the Apple TV. READ MORE: Apple TV and Amazon Prime video app may soon live in harmony; Tim Cook and Jeff Bezos put customer at the front Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Apple shift to USB-C coming but not for iPhone 8 Apple TV and Amazon Prime video app being made compatible Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 $20,000 visa allows parents of migrants in Australia for 10 years 0 Shares 2 ‘MasterChef Australia 2017’ update: 'Brain-fade' and plate smash eliminate first Season 9 contestant 0 Shares 3 Tasmania and WA cannabis companies to be fully-functional by 2018 0 Shares 4 ‘Outlander’ season 3 ‘heard on the set’ 0 Shares 5 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Diana Gabaldon explains Rollo casting 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ season 3: New pictures from Cape Town 0 Shares 7 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Night shoots 0 Shares 8 ‘Outlander’ star Sam Heughan shares new picture 0 Shares 9 ‘Pokemon GO’ micro-event fails to hit the right chord 0 Shares 10 ‘Vikings’ season 5: Cast members undergo ‘physically tough battle scenes’; Lagertha has bloody and beaten up face 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed NT okays $800m Northern Gas Pipeline, Jemena poised to solve Australia's gas crisis Caltex Australia announces $20 million fund to compensate underpaid employees Back to the old fashioned way: Sales of physical books rise, E-book revenue falls Mike Pence assures Trump’s tax reform will benefit Australia Manufacturers get $100-million fund as automotive producers leave Australia Qantas crowned Australia’s most attractive employer More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance FDA to require restaurants to post nutritional info for their menu starting May 5 Melania Trump welcomes Queen Rania of Jordan, heads to an all-girls school Pump hydro storage can help build 100 percent renewable energy grid Study shows Western Australians are unhappiest at work; older, female employees are more satisfied Egyptians unite after church bombing; Abdel Fatah el-Sisi declares state of emergency Trump to visit China; Xi approves 100-day trade talks plan More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Kyle Lowry opting out to pursue NBA title dream Warriors vs Jazz: How to watch, live stream Golden State-Utah Game 4 online, TV channel, start time Rod Laver explains why Roger Federer can beat Rafael Nadal at 2017 French Open Jason Taylor will get shot at revenge against Wests Tigers next month 2017 NBA Playoffs: Golden State Warriors coast to Western Conference finals Nene Hilario done for the season with groin injury More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More 'Tekken x Street Fighter' may resume development Fitbit wearable specs revealed 'Red Dead Redemption 2' PC compatibility will not be announced soon Facebook denies targeting young Australians, Kiwis based on their emotional state Xbox One and Xbox 360 Deals With Gold until May 9 announced: ‘Street Fighter X Tekken’ and ‘DmC: Definitive Edition’ among the best deals Gaming writer Chet Falizek parts amicably with Valve, ‘Half-Life 3’ future bleaker More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design 'Avengers: Infinity War' may introduce new generation of Avengers Marvel may re-acquire film rights with 'Spider-Man: Homecoming' James Gunn hints 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3' release date ‘The Last Kingdom’: Exclusive interview with Alexander Dreymon '13 Reasons Why' season 2: What to expect One more character may not make it to the second season of 'Riverdale' More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 22 mins S&P 500 2,399.38 +0.09 (+0.00%) Dow 30 21,012.28 +5.34 (+0.03%) Nasdaq 6,102.66 +1.90 (+0.03%) Watch Now Yahoo Finance's complete coverage of Berkshire Hathaway's 2017 Shareholders Meeting Warren Buffett: I used Berkshire's insights into the furniture business to figure out Apple's worth Matthew J. Belvedere CNBC May 8, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Rick Wilking | Reuters. Before the billionaire invests in any company, he considers a few key factors.More Billionaire investor Warren Buffett told CNBC on Monday it's "amazing" how Apple (AAPL) has resonated with consumers, and that's why Berkshire Hathaway (BRK-A) bought the stock. "I can very easily determine the competitive position of Apple now and who's trying to chase them and how easy it is to chase them," Buffett said on "Squawk Box" from Omaha, Nebraska, following Saturday's Berkshire's annual meeting. Buffett said he used Berkshire's insights into the furniture business to figure out Apple's worth. "We happened to be well situated in terms of having these massive home furnishing stores. I can learn very easily how consumers react to different things there," he said, referring to Berkshire's ownership of Nebraska Furniture Mart. "You can't move people by price in the smartphone market remotely like you can move them in appliances or all kinds of things. People want the product. They don't want the cheapest product." Despite softer sales in the most recent quarter, consumer loyalty to the iPhone is "huge," Buffett said. "It's a very, very, very valuable product to people that build their lives around it. And that's true of 8-year-olds and 80-year-olds," he added. Asked why Berkshire Hathaway (BRK-A) bought Apple stock, Buffett said, "The shares when we bought them at least were much more reasonable in relation to current earnings." In a CNBC appearance in February , Buffett revealed Berkshire more than doubled its Apple holdings a month earlier, giving the conglomerate a 2.5 percent stake in the Apple's outstanding shares. Read stories from CNBC's interview with Warren Buffett Buffett defends buyout firm's 'standard capitalist formula' of layoffs Buffett says IBM's Watson will have greatest value when it replaces human labor Warren Buffett's one-word answer for why he hasn't purchased Amazon shares Buffett says Trump hasn't had much effect on the economy yet Warren Buffett says the fake account scandal at Wells Fargo hurt its reputation Republican health-care bill will 'cut the hell out of taxes' for the rich, says Warren Buffett Warren Buffett says he never wants to be out of the stock market Buffett says United made a mistake in its initial response to dragged passenger Charlie Munger: 'The amount of waste from overtreatment of the dying is just disgusting' More From CNBC Buffett says IBM's Watson will have greatest value when it replaces human labor Warren Buffett says the fake account scandal at Wells Fargo hurt its reputation Buffett says United made a mistake in its initial response to dragged passenger Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Warren Buffett’s one-word answer for why he hasn’t purchased Amazon shares CNBC Apple iPhone X (2017) rumors and news Digital Trends Apple is now worth $800 billion for the first time ever BGR News Warren Buffett Says GOP Health Care Bill Would 'Cut The Hell Out Of Taxes For The Rich' The Huffington Post The new iPad review: This is the best couch computer ever Business Insider United Airlines apologizes after sending woman to San Francisco instead of Paris Business Insider Sally Yates and Ted Cruz get into heated battle over Trump's immigration ban Business Insider How to delete your data from your old devices Yahoo Finance Comcast launches new WiFi service as connected devices grow Reuters Buffett: 'Everything in valuation gets back to interest rates' Yahoo Finance Video Disney and JOLTS — What you need to know in markets on Tuesday Yahoo Finance JAMIE DIMON: There is a 'national catastrophe' and 'we should be ringing the alarm bells' Business Insider Here's how much Nvidia will make off the Nintendo Switch Yahoo Finance Ancient, giant viruses are being unearthed in Arctic ice that's at risk of melting Business Insider Amazon sweeps U.S. market for voice-controlled speakers - study Reuters What to Watch in the Markets Tuesday, May 9 Yahoo Finance Video Sally Yates says she warned White House that Flynn could be 'blackmailed' by Russians Mike000427: A lot of Hillary Clinton comments in here, really shows you guys don't understand any of this. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 803
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Image Source: Martin Hajek New report says the iPhone 8 isn’t delayed at all Chris Smith @chris_writes May 8th, 2017 at 7:45 AM Share Tweet The iPhone is one of the most desired smartphones out there, and this happens every year with every new model that Apple launches. But the iPhone 8 is probably the most anticipated iPhone release in years, given that Apple is rumored to prepare a massive design overhaul for the iPhone’s 10th birthday. Most rumors say Apple wants to offer buyers a premium iPhone 8 device that will pack a few features that were never before seen on an iPhone, with some of them representing massive breakthroughs for the mobile business. These innovations are widely expected to delay the launch of the phone, according to most recent reports. That’s why the following story is pretty puzzling. Don't Miss: Amazon just discounted the Echo for the first time in 2017 Many distinct sources said in the past few weeks that the iPhone 8 may be unveiled in September. But the phone will see a limited preorder release and should hit stores as late as November. The most pessimistic analysis said the phone won’t even be launched in time for Christmas, something that could seriously hurt Apple’s crucial holiday quarter. But Digitimes now says that the new iPhone mass production is on schedule, quoting a report from Chinese-language Economic Daily News. Apparently, there will be no delay for the 2017 iPhones, as the devices should be unveiled in September and launch in October. The report says that various iPhone suppliers including TSMC (chips), Zheng Ding Technology and Kinsus Interconnect Technology (substrate-like PCBs or SLP), and Simplo Technology (batteries) are ready to ramp up production for the iPhone as soon as June. TSMC will begin the production of A11 chips in June and deliver them in large volumes in the second half of July. SLP makers have improved yields and volume production. Finally, the report notes that Foxconn, Winstron, and Pegatron are accelerating the recruitment and training of new workers in China in preparation of the new iPhone. The report doesn’t say anything about one critical piece of technology that’s believed to be responsible for iPhone 8 delays, and that’s the new Touch ID sensor that should be placed under the screen. The fate of Touch ID isn’t clear at this time, which explains the different iPhone 8 schematics found online. Some say the sensor will be placed on the back, a design that doesn’t have many fans if Apple fails to include it in the screen. Tags: Apple, iPhone 8 View Comments Trending 1 Entertainment Niantic just made a major change to stop Pokemon Go cheaters 2 Tech Leak reveals a new version of the Galaxy S8 that’s about to launch 3 Tech T-Mobile quietly killed one of its longest-running promos 4 Tech The OnePlus 5 launches this summer, and this might be our first blurry look at it 5 Tech iPhone 8 release will propel Apple to new heights Picked For You Samsung just launched Bixby, so of course Samsung-owned Harman is making a Cortana speaker By Zach Epstein May 8th at 9:16 AM Amazon’s 15 best deals: Amazon Echo, Kindles, Fitbit Charge 2, iPhone microSD card reader, more By Maren Estrada May 8th at 9:39 AM This brilliant water pitcher will order a new filter on its own as soon as it needs one By Maren Estrada May 8th at 8:30 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apple Hospitality REIT Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Hospitality REIT Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Archrock Inc (AROC) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.06 EPS Analysts Anticipate Reynolds American, Inc. (RAI) Will Announce Earnings of $0.64 Per Share Reinsurance Group of America Inc (RGA) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Alamos Gold Inc (US) (AGI) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS TETRA Technologies, Inc. (TTI) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday Apple Hospitality REIT Inc (APLE) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. Has $549,000 Stake in Agrium Inc. (AGU) American Homes 4 Rent (AMH) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Estimates $0.74 EPS Expected for Bank Of The Ozarks Inc (OZRK) This Quarter C&J Energy Services’ (CJES) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG Zacks: Brokerages Expect XPO Logistics Inc (XPO) to Announce $0.55 EPS Trimble Inc (TRMB) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Analysts Expect CDW Corp (CDW) Will Announce Earnings of $0.99 Per Share Ascendis Pharma A/S (ASND) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.09 FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Ducommun Incorporated (DCO) Issued By B. Riley Tenneco Inc (TEN) Price Target Raised to $71.00 at Royal Bank of Canada Continental Resources, Inc. Forecasted to Earn FY2017 Earnings of $0.62 Per Share (CLR) ResMed Inc. (RMD) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.33 on June 15th Gartner Inc (IT) Receives “Buy” Rating from Cantor Fitzgerald Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Cut to “Neutral” at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Apple Hospitality REIT Inc (APLE) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Earnings Articles - Single - Finance Tweet Apple Hospitality REIT Inc (NYSE:APLE) issued its earnings results on Thursday. The real estate investment trust reported $0.39 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.40 by $0.01. Apple Hospitality REIT had a return on equity of 2.98% and a net margin of 8.78%. The company earned $292.90 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $291.05 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $0.40 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 30.5% compared to the same quarter last year. Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT (NYSE:APLE) opened at 19.16 on Monday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $18.98 and its 200-day moving average price is $19.20. Apple Hospitality REIT has a 12 month low of $17.32 and a 12 month high of $20.68. The firm also recently declared a monthly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, May 2nd will be given a dividend of $0.10 per share. The ex-dividend date is Friday, April 28th. This represents a $1.20 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 6.26%. Apple Hospitality REIT’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 250.01%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Apple Hospitality REIT Inc (APLE) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/apple-hospitality-reit-inc-aple-releases-earnings-results-misses-expectations-by-0-01-eps.html. APLE has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. FBR & Co reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Apple Hospitality REIT in a research report on Saturday. Wells Fargo & Co initiated coverage on Apple Hospitality REIT in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. They set a “market perform” rating for the company. Robert W. Baird reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $21.00 price target on shares of Apple Hospitality REIT in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Apple Hospitality REIT from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. Finally, Canaccord Genuity downgraded Apple Hospitality REIT from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and dropped their price target for the company from $22.00 to $21.00 in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Apple Hospitality REIT has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $19.60. In other news, Director Redd Hugh purchased 10,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 16th. The stock was bought at an average cost of $19.11 per share, with a total value of $191,100.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the director now owns 49,425 shares in the company, valued at $944,511.75. The purchase was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider Glade M. Knight purchased 2,600 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 3rd. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $19.33 per share, with a total value of $50,258.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the insider now owns 10,004,632 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $193,389,536.56. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have purchased 14,100 shares of company stock valued at $269,888. 6.40% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. raised its position in shares of Apple Hospitality REIT by 0.6% in the third quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 19,659 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $364,000 after buying an additional 113 shares during the last quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. raised its stake in Apple Hospitality REIT by 0.8% in the first quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 23,820 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $455,000 after buying an additional 197 shares during the last quarter. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY raised its stake in Apple Hospitality REIT by 1.7% in the fourth quarter. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY now owns 13,277 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $265,000 after buying an additional 220 shares during the last quarter. Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. raised its stake in Apple Hospitality REIT by 3.3% in the fourth quarter. Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. now owns 18,915 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $378,000 after buying an additional 610 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Baird Financial Group Inc. raised its stake in Apple Hospitality REIT by 1.5% in the fourth quarter. Baird Financial Group Inc. now owns 66,140 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $1,321,000 after buying an additional 1,000 shares during the last quarter. 41.75% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Apple Hospitality REIT Company Profile Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc is a hospitality real estate investment trust. The Company invests in real estate, primarily in the lodging sector, in the United States. As of December 31, 2016, the Company owned 235 hotels with an aggregate of 30,073 rooms located in urban, suburban and developing markets throughout 33 states. Receive News & Ratings for Apple Hospitality REIT Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apple Hospitality REIT Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Hey Apple, we need to talk about AirPods (again)! Steffen Reich on May 8, 2017 25 On the back of their latest earnings call, a fair bit of renewed attention has been paid to Apple’s prodigious AirPods. In it, we got confirmation of what owners of the cordless headphones likely already knew, and what analysts were anticipating: AirPods crush customer satisfaction surveys and the sales are, to quote Tim Cook, a runaway success. As such, surely the Cupertino head office must feel in a party mood with regard to their EarPods successor? Put it this way, something tells me the sound and sight of popping bottles and Eddy Cue flailing his arms to the sound of Pharrell’s Happy will have to wait – because for all their success, almost half a year into their lifecycle AirPods remain a problem child. It only takes one metric and four words to back up that not so outlandish case: ships in six weeks. Excuse me, why are there no AirPods on the shelves? In early November of last year, I went off on a bit of a tangent about Apple increasingly putting their impeccable reputation on the line. Back then, they had just come out and announced the AirPods would be subject to further delays, this time for an undetermined period, and the internet would not be the internet if the subsequent pushback hadn’t been immense. I added a voice to it and even though some interpreted the writing as clickbaity Apple bashing, it wasn’t supposed to be a hit piece by any measure. Neither is this one (full disclosure, I’m a complete sucker for my AirPods), but we can’t brush under the carpet the fact that five months post release, the regrettable backorder situation hasn’t changed one iota. Apple are no strangers to slow rollouts and for better or worse we have come to accept that. Whenever a new iPhone is released, we immediately get our order in, then figuratively gather under Apple’s big product valve and hope for our order to drip out of it shortly. In keeping with this particularly wonky metaphor, eventually Apple have the means to crank up the valve and the higher pressure leads to the products ordered zipping through the tube a lot quicker. Delivery times shorten accordingly. AirPods however are somewhat unprecedented in Apple’s supply history, because the product formerly plagued by pre-release hiccups still only sporadically trickles down the pipe. The inventory levels seem identical to those in December 2016, which is nothing short of mind-boggling for a company that has the economies of scale of Apple. And it can only hurt their business at this point. Fault finding Considering the severity of the situation, Tim Cook’s run-of-the-mill ‘demand significantly exceeds supply’ explanation does not really cut it for me personally. We know that throughout 2016, AirPods production was facing plenty of issues and setbacks, and in light of the slowest product rollout I can remember, it’s certainly not a stretch to infer that an element of that is impeding Apple to this very day. So what could it be? Your guess is as good as mine, however chances are that the technology at fault for the earlier delay (unlike other bluetooth headphones, both AirPods earpieces receive separate bluetooth signals) still plays its part. Were they perhaps unable to rectify the issue with the units already produced by late 2016 and literally had to start from scratch just shortly before release? Is the technology around the W1 chip so intricate that AirPods are harder to mass manufacture than other products in the pipeline? It’s safe to say that this is pure conjecture. That said if there is even a kernel of truth in it, wouldn’t it be a lot smarter for Apple to be transparent about the issues instead of trotting out the ‘high demand’ trope? It must be infuriating for any prospective customer still holding out for the delivery times to drop, and Apple owning a mistake or showing a degree of humility might alleviate frustrations with those on the fence about making the purchase. It’s also less probable to push customers away from Apple, right into the arms of other competent bluetooth headphone sellers – because to some the current statement might read like Tim off-handedly saying sorry (not sorry) we’re so popular. Putting to bed a popular Apple myth? Returning to our opening metaphor, at this point it defies all logic to argue that Apple is still artificially throttling the pump pressure to further the demand. It’s a common (mis)conception we have whenever Apple release a new gadget, but imagining the huge chunk of revenue alone that Apple currently forfeit due to the AirPods shortage (at $159, the profit margins must be salivating) should refute that urban legend once and for all.   Critics are raving of the product, people clamouring to get their hands on them, but they’re being turned away in droves. The opportunity cost is massive, competition eating away at their profits. None of this can be in Apple’s best interest, not with the AirPods and not with any other product. The bottom line is that Apple not only dropped the ball here, but they dropped it some time in early 2016 and (more fatally) have failed to pick it back up since. Ironically, the product itself is fantastic, but the botched rollout and surrounding noise has seriously tarnished the AirPods brand and lends credence to my critique in November. So here’s to hoping Apple will learn their lesson from the AirPods charade and work on their message for when the next big launch draws out, because that I can guarantee you will happen. And hey Apple, please don’t fumble the iPhone 8 release! Did you manage to secure a pair of AirPods and how long did you have to wait for them? Let us know in the comments! Tagged: Accessories AirPods Apple Apple Music Apple Store EarPods iPhone iPhone 7 iPhone 8 Opinion Rumors MORE FROM iDB iPhone 7 Plus could come bundled with Apple’s new AirPods Wireless Earphones Apple said to be building wireless earbuds with low-power Bluetooth chip Photographs of claimed Lightning-based EarPods leak on the web Sharkey311 Got mine day one by the skin of my teeth. Avi Alkalay As an experienced bluetooth earpiece user, I tested it and want one. It is really fantastic. But I’ll wait for the second generation. My current Samsung bluetooth earpiece is OK for now (incomparable to the AirPods) and very new, so I can wait. Pierre Bugeja Quite frankly I find the “negative journalism” as poor and, at best, irritating. This article, which I only read half way through due to being unfair, presumptions and annoying has little fact and a loads of uncalled-for negativity. Yes, I do have AirPods. I love them. They are the best headset devices I have owned (and I have owned several including Steinhausser and Bang & Olufssen). I waited about two months to get them and I was worth the wait. I have never used earphones so often. And no earphone experience has been remotely as pleasant. It is always better to have a slow, robust roll-out than a fast shameful failure like Samsung had. Apple surely have a reason for everything they do, they don’t need to share it and we don’t need to speculate about it. Kolja I think you completely miss the point of the article. I’m also surprised, that Apple nearly half a year after the release still struggle with the delivery or willingly hold them back. I’ve visited the Apple Store multiple time to find someone angrily leaving the store like “Still not in stock, f* it, I’ll buy something else”. So I think it must be allowed to think about the delays and why they still happen… Also I don’t share your opinion completely. While the AirPods are undoubtfully a crazy piece of hardware, they are far from perfect. The volume thing imho was not really thought through. Also as reliable the pairing process worked at first, I struggle since then to get the battery status up on my iPhone. Works 1 out of 10 tries… Also this “Works on every device paired with your icloud id” is more a bad joke… Pierre Bugeja Hardly. I feel an article should be factual and have a fresh, positive twist on it. I ordered mine on-line on 17-Jan with promised delivery on 8-Mar and actual delivery on 3-Mar. That makes it 6 weeks and 3 days, delivered to my doorstep. My point is that journalists seem to only have negative things to say about apple. About 6 months ago a CNBC pundit spoke on why he, “wouldn’t buy Apple stock, not now, not ever”. Genius! It was $103 when he spoke. it is $152.454 as I write. Sure, everyone is entitled to an opinion. But a speculative opinion is unfair and, quite frankly, boring. Journalism seems to thrive mostly on bad news. Kolja Ok, we might have different feelings about the article… Even I totally agree with you, that the general tenor is a little negative, it also brings up an interesting question. And I think this question is important indeed. As far as I remember Apple never struggled as much with deliveries as with the AirPods. I actually am interested why this it the case. It might still be production issues, it might be politics… Is there a new updated product, that apple wants to bring up in the near future, that might outdate the AirPods massively? All speculations, but interesting enough to write your thoughts about it. So basically I receive this article way more neutral as you seam to do. And lets be honest here, there are far worse articles then this one here (only remember blahblah-gate and so on) 😉 Pierre Bugeja The one thing I know for sure about Apple is that they have very good control of information. Even the guys working at the stores won’t have the information until the last minute. One could certainly write a lot about the AirPods but we will only know the truth if and when Apple would want us to know. Gersham Shams You guys are a treat. Apple obviously have production issues; but now that we are so close to the new iPhone releases they are choosing not to roll it out in droves. Apple has big plans for the AirPods – like releasing with the 2017 iPhones; so they are currently rolling them out to the customers in a controlled fashion as a sort of trial to see how it performs to reduce high level of returns in the event that there are serious issues and at such a low level customer feedback can be handled more efficiently in the event that enhancement is required. That’s my speculation but Apple hardly ever surprise me nowadays George You’re a joke. Steffen Reich First of all good on you for keeping the discussion civil. You see, I’m with you that AirPods are fantastic, I would hands down deem them Apple’s most amazing product of 2016 – so this was not supposed to be negative journalism at all. If I haven’t made it clear enough between the lines that’s on me, though I do feel that some others here have construed the article the way it was intended by me. We’re on the same page about the product, but dissent on the rollout, which is fine (it’s an opinion piece rather than journalism anyways in my book). As Kolja recounts below, if people get fed up with waiting (and I do believe that almost half a year later, it’s justified when it comes to Apple’s capabilities) that certainly longer benefits Apple. You don’t have to have studied PR to realize that if your customers get mildly frustrated, damage control is of the highest order. The only case I’m making that Tim nonchalantly shrugging it off is perhaps not the best way to go about it. We’ve come to accept it with iPhones et cetera, but the AirPods rollout is choking pretty bad by all measures. Pierre Bugeja Civilised discussions with opposing opinions is what constitutes intelligent debates. My point is that I, living in little Luxembourg, wanted a pair, and got them. The waiting time was long, but odds are I will never know the reason why and I knew the lead time at the time of purchase. “Production issues” is a very broad statement and can range from a choice that Apple decided to stay with their prototype line (because the initial delay in realising the AirPads influenced the business case for the full-scale production line on this product, at this time), to having quality issues with the product itself. Rowan09 When is Gen 2 suppose to be released? I would like them to focus on making it at least sweat proof. Merman123 Don’t let that hold you back. They are beyond sweat proof. Been using them since December and no signs of damage. Rowan09 Cool thanks. Cerberus The Wise Can attest from lots of working out; Very sweat proof and not fragile as they may appear. Rowan09 Great they stay in your ear as well right? Cerberus The Wise Yes they do. When I first tried them on, I thought it didn’t feel all that secure at first, but after repeatedly shaking my head as violently as possible, they didn’t even come loose. They definitely stay in with any reasonable use or intense exercise. The fit may be different from person to person though. A good test is to try apple’s regular EarPods as they’re nearly identical. If EarPods fit good for you, so will AirPods. Jose Gonzalez I placed my order for AirPods last week online at AT&T on May 1st and received them on May 3rd. My wife loves them! Perfect mothers day gift. Now its my turn! 🙂 Agneev First everybody opposed the product, now people can’t seem to live without it… Merman123 That’s pretty much 80 % of Apple products. Agneev Yeah. Definitely. Adan I ordered mine 4 weeks ago, I get a notification that they are ready for store pick up yesterday and today, I popped into an electronics shop and they had two on the shelf. So I cancelled the order and now I have them! Cerberus The Wise I ordered a pair from Apple and was about 4 weeks waiting in. The AT&T online store had them in stock so I snagged them and cancelled my order from Apple. The wait from Apple was very off putting. Steffen Reich good find! tohff7 well, they are increasing production for sure. at least double by July/August Featured Latest Daily Deals: $300 iRobot vacuum, $397 Nikon D3400 camera, and more Jailbreak tweaks of the week: ColorGram, HUDPlayer, & more… Prizmo Go, Glass Tilt Shift, Honeydue, and other apps to check out this weekend Smart light bulbs you can control with your iPhone Let’s Talk Jailbreak 161: The sweet spot Daily Deals: $300 iRobot vacuum, $397 Nikon D3400 camera, and more Apple’s marketing chief says smart speakers should have built-in displays Apple’s Workflow app gains new Apple Music actions, brings back Chrome and Pocket integrations Microsoft and Harman Kardon unveil Invoke smart speaker with Cortana, coming this fall Apple has never been more valuable Jailbreak News Jailbreak tweaks of the week: ColorGram, HUDPlayer, & more… FolderAutoClose 10 automatically closes folders after launching apps from them Hide the date from the Today page with No Date Today This tweak forces Safari to load web pages in Reader or full screen mode How to use Extender Installer to automatically re-sign your jailbreak app Apps Apple’s Workflow app gains new Apple Music actions, brings back Chrome and Pocket integrations How to gift iTunes credit on iPhone and iPad FolderAutoClose 10 automatically closes folders after launching apps from them Prizmo Go, Glass Tilt Shift, Honeydue, and other apps to check out this weekend ExxonMobil expands Apple Pay support to Speedpass+ for Apple Watch app Accessories Microsoft and Harman Kardon unveil Invoke smart speaker with Cortana, coming this fall Hey Apple, we need to talk about AirPods (again)! Can’t rename your AirPods as “AirPods”? Here’s the fix. Smart light bulbs you can control with your iPhone This cable made of steel is a sturdy alternative to Apple’s fragile Lightning cable Deals Nanodots 216 Sets for $34 Throttle Pro: Lifetime Subscription for $99 The Ultimate Photography & Photoshop Bundle for $24 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments30+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Switch Perspective Perspective Interpretation of the news based on evidence, including data, as well as anticipating how events might unfold based on past events The wireless future ties us down more than ever The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Hayley Tsukayama By Hayley Tsukayama May 8 at 7:30 AM Follow @htsuka Phil Schiller, senior vice president of worldwide marketing at Apple, shows the Apple AirPods during an event in San Francisco in September. (Reuters/Beck Diefenbach) I have come across a surprising problem with my wireless AirPods, and it's made me stop traveling with them. It's not any performance defect. They work well. And when I'm running with them or barreling through an airport with my carry-on, I silently thank them because I never get tangled — a surprisingly common problem for us klutzes of the world. The problem arises, however, when I get to my destination. As I add more cordless, smart and rechargeable stuff to my life, I've run more into a mundane but real issue: I still have too many cords to deal with when it's time to charge them. And there's no good solution. [Apple’s AirPods may be a bit ahead of their time] The issue really undercuts the whole “freedom from cords” promise inherent in wireless tech, especially when traveling. For most trips I usually pack two phones, a laptop or tablet, a smartwatch or fitness tracker, a spare battery pack, wireless headphones — and a power strip. Even if I have a device that can charge wirelessly, I still need to plug in the wireless charger. It's gotten to the point where I even have a dedicated cord bag that's now almost more necessary than my toiletry kit. I can easily buy cheap toothpaste; I can't say the same for my laptop charger. If I travel with someone who shares my room, it can become a small-scale version of “Survivor” to see who gets to charge when and where. (The lamp stands no chance of staying plugged in then.) I admit this may be the most first-world of problems. And I realize my life as a tech reporter exacerbates it. But I'm not alone, based on the number of lamps I find unplugged when I check into new rooms. [Ditching the iPhone headphone jack is annoying for everyone except Apple] The problem is worse for those staying or living in a charming older building, where there may only be one outlet in each room. After all, when Art Deco was the style, people wound their watches — they didn't charge them. This is all a classic example of technology moving faster than the the world can keep up. In the rush to make things convenient, gadget makers forgot that they needed to take everyone else along with them. So while the wireless future we've been promised is so close, it's tethered to the reality that every “wireless thing” still needs a wire to charge. It's hard to think of a solution, apart from having every gadget formatted to charge wirelessly and to having every coffee shop, hotel, motel and grandparent's house fitted with wireless charging pads. It's another version of the problem facing contactless payments: The technology is there. It works. You never know if the store you're at has it. This can only get worse as the tech industry tries to sell  us on smart shirts, smart toothbrushes, smart belts, smart jewelry, smart wallets, and health and fitness gadgets to help us track our posture, our calories and our gait. [How Google and Levi’s smart jacket shows what’s coming next for wearables] Some of these gadgets will come with batteries that negate the need to charge. Some of those batteries will be replaceable. Others may not, which leads to a whole different problem of having to buy a new, relatively expensive doodad every time your old one runs out of juice. In essence, our tech is now asking us to trade one cord for another — and the new one can be even more of a hassle. I only occasionally snag my arm on my headphone cord when I run. I'll always have to charge my wireless headphones. For now, when I'm traveling somewhere likely to be short on outlets, I'll opt to pack my analog watch or a pair of wireless headphones that also have an audio cable — just to free up some space. I lose some features, sure, but at least I know my stuff will be ready when I need it. Plus, I won't have to sit in the dark all evening to know what time it is in the morning. business technology the-switch true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 30+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post. Follow @htsuka 39 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 EPA dismisses half of key board’s scientific advisers; Interior suspends more than 200 advisory panels 2 Millennials think Coach is ‘boring.’ Will acquiring Kate Spade help? 3 Analysis 35 of 37 economists said Trump was wrong. The other two misread the question. 4 Researchers have answered a big question about the decline of the middle class 5 The FCC says an attack — not John Oliver — hampered its website The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Market Watch DJIA 0.03% NASDAQ 0.03% Get quote Last Update: 05/09/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business technology the-switch Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Sideways Dictionary Created by See More Analogies or Add Your Own Sponsored by Sponsored by Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Technology Smartphones Latest iPhone 8 rumours claim free AirPods included in the box Is Apple really about to include £159 AirPods for free with the new iPhone? By Alistair Charlton Updated May 8, 2017 13:02 BST iPhone 8 Plus render shows what the new handset might look likeConceptsiPhone YouTube The latest round of iPhone 8 rumours claim Apple's next smartphone will come with a free pair of wireless AirPod earphones. Predictions of the surprise move come from an analyst report by JP Morgan, which claims the £159 (€188, $206) earphones will come included in the box, replacing the £29 EarPods currently bundled with all iPhones. JP Morgan also believes the iPhone 8 will have an OLED screen which stretches horizontally from edge to edge (when held in portrait). The screen will reportedly measure 5.85in diagonally, yet the phone itself will be slightly smaller than the 5.5in iPhone 7 Plus. According to JP Morgan's analysis, published by 9to5Mac, the new phone will have a dual-lens rear camera like that of the iPhone 7 Plus, improved waterproofing over the current model, and enhanced speakers. Fitting a larger screen to a smaller phone means Apple will look to relocate the Touch ID fingerprint scanner to the rear panel, the report claims, mimicking other iPhone 8 rumours we have seen recently. It has been claimed elsewhere that Apple is hoping to embed a fingerprint reader into the display, but failing this it will likely be fitted to the back, like on the Samsung Galaxy S8 and Google Pixel. Drawing by analysts at JP Morgan show what the iPhone 8 could look likeJP Morgan A set of schematic drawings published by analysts at CLSA, an investment bank, also subscribe to this way of thinking. Although lacking detail, they appear to claim Apple will fit the TouchID sensor half-way up the rear of the handset, just below where the Apple logo sits on today's iPhones. Speaking of the current lineup, JP Morgan believes Apple will replace the current handsets with an iPhone 7S and 7S Plus duo. These, the bank claims, will ditch the current phones' aluminium back in favour of glass and boast wireless charging. Apple is expected to announce three new iPhones at a media event later this year. New handsets are normally revealed in mid-September and go on sale 10 days later, but manufacturing delays with the iPhone 8 could see the release date slip closer to Christmas. More iPhone 8 news from IBTimes UK Tim Cook blames escalating iPhone 8 leaks for fall in iPhone sales iPhone 8 rumour roundup: Curved screen, two front cameras - and a potential delay Is this the iPhone 8? Leaked design drawings reportedly show new Apple handset Related topics : Apple Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Samsung Galaxy S8 Review: The best smartphone ever made? Columnists Harry Leslie Smith “VE Day: My generation voted Labour after the war – it's time to rebuild Britain once again READ MORE 'Guilt by volume': Macron leaks fail to shock experts, but can it influence the election? Cybersecurity experts dismiss 9GB Macron leak as a mix of 'boringest'... 'Shameful' social media firms slammed for not tackling hate crime postings Google, Twitter and Facebook may face prosecution for failing to... Samsung Galaxy S8 review: More than just a pretty face We review the smartphone of the moment to find out if it can overcome... Trump's typo in tweet corrected by Merriam-Webster: It's counsel and not council The US president's tweet was in relation to a Senate testimony by... FCC site hit with DDoS attack after John Oliver slams net neutrality reversal plan The FCC website was reportedly shut down due to high volume of... All eyes on Ferdinand Monoyer as Google Doodle commemorates the vision expert The Lyon ophthalmologist changed the way eyesight is tested. China's WeChat app banned in Russia amid crackdown on messaging services Tencent spokesperson: 'We're experiencing a block and we're deeply... Amazon Echo killer? Cortana-powered Invoke smart speaker from Harman Kardon revealed Microsoft hopes late arrival and US-only availability won't be an... Internet vs booze: Brits reveal they would rather give up alcohol than go offline What would you sacrifice in order to stay connected? Guardian Soulmates dating site users hit with 'sexually explicit' emails The data exposure has been blamed on a third-party technology... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Senator Feinstein Revealed the True Cost the FBI Paid to Break into the San Bernardino iPhone | Main | Apple Makes their Official Pitch Tonight for their new Store within a Restored Carnegie Library Building in D.C. » May 08, 2017 Chinese News Site Reports there will be no Delay in the Launch of Next-Gen iPhones Today the Chinese-language Economic Daily News (EDN) reports that there will be no delay for the launch of the next generation iPhone devices, with the new devices to be unveiled in September, and Apple will begin selling the products in October, according to a.   The Chinese report defies previous speculation that volume production of Apple's new iPhones would be delayed to the fourth quarter of 2017 instead of the original schedule in August-September due to yield rate issues on production of some parts.   The report further notes that upstream to downstream suppliers in the iPhone supply chains, including Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC), SLP (substrate-like PCB) makers Zhen Ding Technology and Kinsus Interconnect Technology, and battery supplier Simplo Technology, are ready to ramp up related iPhone parts starting June, said the report.   TSMC will begin to fabricate the wafer starts needed for the production of A11 processes on June 10 and to deliver the chips in volume quantity in the second half of July.   Lastly the report notes that iPhone assemblers Foxconn Electronics, Winstron and Pegatron are accelerating the recruitment and training of new workers in China in preparation of mass production of the new iPhone, said the report.   There have been a series of rumors about the delay of Apple's highly anticipated next-gen iPhone over the last few months with Apple neither confirming nor denying them. This latest rumor acting as a contrarian rumor just happens to be perfectly timed after Apple's latest quarterly results seems to be strategically placed.   With Apple's iPhone sales slightly dipping last quarter, it's very difficult to believe that Apple wouldn't be moving heaven and earth to ensure quantities of the new iPhone will meet demand on their number one product.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.   Posted by Jack Purcher on May 08, 2017 at 05:09 AM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Apple Makes their Official Pitch Tonight for their new Store within a Restored Carnegie Library Building in D.C. Chinese News Site Reports there will be no Delay in the Launch of Next-Gen iPhones Senator Feinstein Revealed the True Cost the FBI Paid to Break into the San Bernardino iPhone Federal Court Rules that an Affinity Labs Patent used against Apple and other Tech Companies is Invalid Apple's SVP Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller thinks that Echo-Like Devices should have a Display The EU Commission is preparing to Lay Down new Digital Policies for Europe to Punish Apple and Google Apple Chooses Bosch for Sensors that Support Augmented Reality, In-Air Gestures, Indoor Navigation & Smart Glasses China's Huawei, Oppo and Vivo continue to dominate the Chinese Smartphone Market by beating Apple's iPhone SE Apple Watch Takes Global Wearables Lead over Fitbit in Q1 2017 Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express. Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Daily Horoscope Our Apps Top 10 Our Paper Paper Archive Weather 8° London HOME News Showbiz & TV Sport Comment Finance Travel Entertainment Life & Style Health Cars Garden Life Food Style Diets Tech Property Saturday Win S Mag Top 10 Facts Home Life & Style Tech If this iPhone 8 release date rumour is true, the OLED iPhone will be EXTREMELY expensive If this iPhone 8 release date rumour is true, the OLED iPhone will be EXTREMELY expensive APPLE is purportedly working on a revolutionary new iPhone, dubbed iPhone 8, that will launch in September alongside the iterative iPhone 7S and iPhone 7S Plus. And if the latest analyst note about the next-generation phone is to be believed, it's going to be extremely pricey. By Aaron Brown Aaron Brown PUBLISHED: 15:26, Mon, May 8, 2017 | UPDATED: 15:26, Mon, May 8, 2017 Apple iPhone 8 - Leaked photos, prototype phones, concept images, and renders Sun, January 1, 2017 iPhone 8 is shaping up to be one of the most impressive Apple smartphones to date, with glass panels on the front and rear of the device, a curved borderless OLED display and no Home Button Play slideshow VENIAMIN GESKIN • TWITTER • CONCEPT IMAGES 1 of 30 Apple iPhone 8 will debut a brand-new all-glass look, with a curved OLED display and no physical Home Button iPhone 8 could be an eye-wateringly expensive purchase, if the latest reports around the upcoming smartphone are to be believed. According to a new research note from JPMorgan, Apple is looking to bundle a pair of wireless AirPod headphones with the next-generation smartphone. Apple introduced the AirPods last September, following the revelation that it had dropped the industry-standard 3.5mm headphone port from its latest iPhone model. AirPods are a pair of bluetooth earphones that boast high-quality audio playback, long battery life, and the ability to automatically pair and switch between your Apple devices. It makes sense that these flagship wireless headphones would be bundled with the no-holds-barred iPhone 8. Especially since the latter is unlikely to restore the 3.5mm headphone port. Unfortunately, as nice as a pair of AirPods in the box would be, it hints at the hefty price tag of the iPhone 8. EXPRESS NEWSPAPERSAirPods are the latest wireless headphones designed by Apple Apple currently sells AirPods for £159, and the entry-level iPhone 7 Plus for £719. That means the iPhone 8 would be unlikely to retail for anything less than £872. And that's before factoring in the upgrades expected for the new iPhone. According to the same research JPMorgan note, the iPhone 8 will add OIS, Optical Image Stabilisation, to both lens used in the rear dual-camera set-up. Apple will also purportedly include 3D sensing facial recognition functionality in a dual front-facing camera set-up, as well as better speakers and enhanced waterproofing. Overall, JPMorgan estimates that these exterior and interior upgrades will Apple an additional $75 to $80 per unit in components alone. JPMORGANThe next-generation iPhone 8 will be the same physical as the iPhone 7, but with a bigger display This is simply the bill for the materials and does not include the R&D development costs, marketing costs, or profit. So, provided the information is accurate, the iPhone 8 could theoretically be much closer to the £1,000 mark we've heard rumoured in the past. Elsewhere, the Apple iPhone 8, which will mark the 10th anniversary of the best-selling smartphone range, will reportedly include an all-new glass design closer to the iPhone 4 than the current generation. It is also expected to ship with an OLED display with True Tone, Touch ID embedded beneath the glass display, and wireless distance charging. Worst apps for draining your smartphone data REVEALED Fri, May 5, 2017 FROM Facebook to WhatsApp - these apps are the worst for eating through your monthly data allowance Play slideshow EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS 1 of 9 Worst apps for draining your data Apple is expected to debut the iPhone 8 alongside the iPhone 7S and iPhone 7S Plus, which will feature only a few minor upgrades, in September. According to JPMorgan, these iterative updates will have some slight aesthetic changes when compared to the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. The analyst note claims Apple will move from anodised aluminium so that it can include wireless charging capabilities. The news comes as a new analyst report from Deutsche Bank claimed the delays affecting the iPhone 8 could push the release date into 2018. The latest Deutsche Bank analyst report, which is based on a report from ValueWalk, references "technical challenges" as one of the primary reasons for the iPhone 8 release date delay. DEUXANI • MACRUMOURS MacRumours' reader Deuxani has visualised the latest rumours around the iPhone 8 The research note says "report suggests no new iPhone 8 this calendar year. "As we have written in previous [research notes], several supply chain reports have suggested that key component shortages and technical challenges could delay the release of a high-end iPhone 8 device this fall. "We believe this report further underscores the uncertainty around the timing of Apple's next-generation iPhone model." This is the most drastic delay we've heard about, however, there does appear to be a consensus amongst Apple watchers that the iPhone 8 might miss its September launch window. Related articles Google Maps just DITCHED this awesome feature - and you didn't notice If Surface Phone looks like THIS, Microsoft has a sure-fire hit The Pirate Bay UK users can now get 10 YEARS in JAIL Apple Apple iPhone 8 Latest videos 'You're WRONG' Schulz and Merkel take down Emmanuel Macron over German economy attack I'm NOT going anywhere! Jeremy Corbyn says he WON'T quit even if he LOSES election Pound to euro exchange rate - sterling SOARS as French election FAILS to boost euro BBC weather: Carol Kirkwood is ravishing in figure-hugging red dress for morning forecast Emmerdale spoiler: Will a confused Belle strike up a romance with troubled Lachlan? Who was Ferdinand Monoyer? Google Doodle honours inventor of eye test Facebook BACK after thousands of users are left unable to access social media site The Pirate Bay proxy users caught downloading could get 10 YEARS in JAIL under new UK law WhatsApp's most annoying feature now has more users than SnapChat Microsoft Surface Laptop UK release date has a really annoying problem Google Maps has DELETED this awesome feature (and you didn't even notice) OnePlus 5 has just been CONFIRMED - Release date, UK price, specs, features New Nokia 3310 release date MISTAKE - Nokia might've made a huge ERROR, and this is why Samsung Galaxy S8 hidden tricks - 7 awesome features to get more from the Samsung S7 rival If Surface Phone looks anything like THIS, Microsoft could have a blockbuster hit Chelsea v Middlesbrough live stream - How to watch Premier League match online Online PORN BLOCK - This new UK law could stop MILLIONS streaming adult content online iPhone 8 release date UPDATE might just be the WORST news yet for Apple fanboys Windows 10 UPDATE - THIS is when Microsoft will reveal its long-awaited redesign Kodi Box CRACKDOWN - Kodi reveals its plan for users who install pirate plugins, add-ons Liverpool vs Southampton live stream: How to watch Premier League football online Nottingham Forest v Ipswich live stream: How to watch Championship football online Arsenal vs Manchester United live stream: How to watch Premier League football online Facebook is draining your smartphone data but there is a way to stop it iPhone hidden trick proves you've been using THIS app wrong your entire life SEARCH CONNECT WITH US Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Check us on Google+ Subscribe to our rss feed Check our YouTube channel TODAY'S PAPER Tuesday, 9th May 2017 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive. News UK World Nature Politics Science Royal Weather Weird History Obituaries Sunday Scotland UK Politics Political Parties Politicians Constituencies EU Referendum Sport Football Transfer news Boxing F1 Tennis UFC Cricket Golf Rugby Union Other Racing Pics Pictures Celebrity Galleries Royal Galleries Sport Galleries Vids Videos Comment Columnists Express Comment Beachcomber Finance City & Business Personal Finance Retirement The Crusader Travel Cruise Activity Holidays Beach Holidays Short & City breaks Travel News Entertainment Films Gaming Theatre Books Music Puzzles Puzzles Horoscope Offers Competitions Bingo Life & Style Health Cars Garden Life Food Style Diets Tech Property Saturday Win S Mag Top 10 Facts EXPRESS.CO.UK Sitemap Site Archive Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Design by Netro42 Syndication and Licensing Clarifications and Corrections Daily Star OK! Magazine new! Magazine Star Magazine Health Lottery Northern and Shell Copyright ©2017 Express Newspapers. "Daily Express" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Sohn Conference CNBC Disruptor 50 College Game Plan Tech Drivers Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Warren Buffett Watch Berkshire Hathaway Portfolio Tracker Warren Buffett: I used Berkshire's insights into the furniture business to figure out Apple's worth The Berkshire Hathaway CEO says it's "amazing" how Apple has resonated with consumers. "You can't move people by price in the smartphone market" like in appliances, Buffett says. Despite some softer sales recently, consumer loyalty to the iPhone is "huge," he argues. Matthew J. Belvedere | @Matt_Belvedere 20 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Billionaire investor Warren Buffett told CNBC on Monday it's "amazing" how Apple has resonated with consumers, and that's why Berkshire Hathaway bought the stock. "I can very easily determine the competitive position of Apple now and who's trying to chase them and how easy it is to chase them," Buffett said on "Squawk Box" from Omaha, Nebraska, following Saturday's Berkshire's annual meeting. Buffett said he used Berkshire's insights into the furniture business to figure out Apple's worth. "We happened to be well situated in terms of having these massive home furnishing stores. I can learn very easily how consumers react to different things there," he said, referring to Berkshire's ownership of Nebraska Furniture Mart. "You can't move people by price in the smartphone market remotely like you can move them in appliances or all kinds of things. People want the product. They don't want the cheapest product." Despite softer sales in the most recent quarter, consumer loyalty to the iPhone is "huge," Buffett said. "It's a very, very, very valuable product to people that build their lives around it. And that's true of 8-year-olds and 80-year-olds," he added. Asked why Berkshire Hathaway bought Apple stock, Buffett said, "The shares when we bought them at least were much more reasonable in relation to current earnings." In a CNBC appearance in February, Buffett revealed Berkshire more than doubled its Apple holdings a month earlier, giving the conglomerate a 2.5 percent stake in the Apple's outstanding shares. Read stories from CNBC's interview with Warren Buffett Buffett defends buyout firm's 'standard capitalist formula' of layoffs Buffett says IBM's Watson will have greatest value when it replaces human labor Warren Buffett's one-word answer for why he hasn't purchased Amazon shares Buffett says Trump hasn't had much effect on the economy yet Warren Buffett says the fake account scandal at Wells Fargo hurt its reputation Republican health-care bill will 'cut the hell out of taxes' for the rich, says Warren Buffett Warren Buffett says he never wants to be out of the stock market Buffett says United made a mistake in its initial response to dragged passenger Charlie Munger: 'The amount of waste from overtreatment of the dying is just disgusting' Matthew J. BelvedereSenior Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BRK.A ---
Home Cold Cases Community Crime News Employment & Training Local News State News Calendar Business Directory Suggest a business Disclaimer Contact Stay Connected RSS for posts Connect on Facebook Apple Holler Invites You To The Apple Blossom Spring Festival 05/08/2017 | Filed under: Community | Posted by: RACINE UNCOVERED Join Apple Holler for the the Apple Blossom Festival in May and enjoy their orchard while it is in full bloom. Apple Blossom Festival May 6, 7, 13, 20 & 21 11:30am & 1:30pm To celebrate Spring, Apple Holler is inviting the public for Apple Blossom Orchard Tours and farm fun. Guests will have a front row seat to the miracle of apples as over 30,000 blooming trees begin to produce fruit and learn all about their earth friendly growing practices on their family farm. Orchard Blossom Tours Ride the Orchard Blossom Express Train & see 30,000 apple trees in bloom. Bonnie the Bee Puppet Show Includes Hand-led Pony Ride! Farm Park Fun! Kids Corral Play Area Crazy Corn Maze Baby Animals to Visit Live Bee Hive Exhibit Cool Cow Maze Golden Goat Bridge Jack & the Beanstalk Story Trail Giant Slide Music Garden For ticket and additional information please visit https://www.appleholler.com/event/apple-blossom-festival/2017-05-07/ Home Calendar Business Directory Suggest a business Disclaimer Contact RSS © Racine Uncoveredand www.racineuncovered.org , 2016. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from this site’s author and/or owner is strictly prohibited. Log in - Powered by WordPress - Designed by Gabfire Themes
Sign up Premium Podcast Jobs Insights DIY LATEST NEWS STORIES MORE CHOICES MUSIC | MUSIC PEOPLE | MUSIC BUSINESS Sign up Premium Podcast Jobs Insights DIY Business News Digital Spotify and Deezer back call to regulate app store owners By Chris Cooke | Published on Monday 8 May 2017 Spotify and Deezer were among the companies to sign a letter to the European Commission last week complaining about what they see as an abuse of power by the likes of Apple and Google in relation to their respective mobile operating systems and app stores. Although the letter didn’t mention Apple or Google by name, according to the Financial Times it did talk about the operators of certain mobile operating systems, app stores and search engines abusing their “privileged position” to the detriment of smaller companies which rely on those channels to reach their customers. Complaints commonly raised by app operators about the two big app stores include not being able to access key consumer data when people sign up to their services within an app, and the app store owners giving preferential treatment to their own products. Spotify has hit out at Apple in particular in the past, especially since the tech giant launched its rival music service. If people sign up to Spotify via its iOS app, Apple charges a fee which the streaming firm has to pass on to the consumer because of its tight profit margins. But Apple rules mean that Spotify can’t make it clear to the consumer that if they were to sign up via the streaming company’s own website, they’d not have to pay the extra fee and their subscription would be cheaper. This means that – to anyone reviewing their streaming music options within the Apple app store – Apple Music appears cheaper than its rivals. The European Commission is already considering measures to help smaller businesses which claim they are disadvantaged by unfair contractual clauses forced on them by the tech and web giants. Those smaller businesses argue that, while they could take their grievances to court and sue Apple or Google for allegedly violating European competition law, such litigation is costly and time-consuming, and therefore often not a realistic option. According to the FT, solutions being considered by EU officials include sector-specific codes of conduct and an independent dispute settlement body that could consider and settle disputes between big platforms and their smaller business customers in a more speedy and cost efficient way. Neither Google or Apple have commented on last week’s letter. GET MORE CMU SIGN UP TO CMU FOR FREE | GO PREMIUM | LISTEN TO THE CMU PODCAST | GET TRAINED OR READ MORE ABOUT: Apple | Deezer | Google | Spotify Editor's picks Insights Blog: Speedy guide to CMU Insights @ The Great Escape Trends: The latest record industry stats – three reasons for optimism, three reasons for gloom CMU Podcast: Record industry growth, Digital Economy Act Insights Blog: Safe harbours in five steps Warner extends its deal with YouTube Suppliers join ticketholders in suing Ja Rule over the Fyre Festival shambles Click for... CMU Approved CMU Daily CMU Digest CMU Trends Latest news News sections News Timelines Features CMU Shop About CMU Advertise COMPLETE MUSIC UPDATE Sign up to CMU for free Go premium with CMU CMU Podcast CMU Jobs CMU Insights CMU:DIY CMU NEWS Artist News Business News Music & Entertainment Law Record Labels & Music Publishers Live Music Business Digital Music Business Music Media THISWEEK IN CULTURE ThisWeek London ThreeWeeks Edinburgh TW:TALKS CULTURE IN LONDON Today in London Tomorrow in London ThisWeek in London Caro Meets Interviews Sign up to TW London for free THE EDINBURGH FESTIVAL Edinburgh Festival reviews Edinburgh Festival interviews Sign up to TW Edinburgh for free OUR MEDIA Complete Music Update ThisWeek London ThreeWeeks Edinburgh 3CM UNLIMITED GROUP UnLimited Media UnLimited Insights UnLimited Learning UnLimited Live OTHER SITES Media Insights Chris Cooke's Free Speech mynameisChrisCooke.com All content © 3CM UnLimited 3CM Enterprises Ltd, Kemp House, 152 City Road, London EC1V 2NX 020 7099 9050 UnLimited Media makes use of cookies, because it makes the site better | CLICK TO ACCEPT | CLICK FOR MORE INFO
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Bingo Sun Gifts £9.50 Hols Superdays News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz News Living Money Motors Travel Tech Sun Bets Sun Bingo All Tech All Tech Science Phones & Gadgets Gaming iPHONE 8 RUMOURS When is the iPhone 8 coming out? Release date, features, price and rumoured blueprints – all you need to know Apple's next offering is expected to boast some incredible new tech but ditch some familiar features By Jasper Hamill 8th May 2017, 8:22 am Updated: 8th May 2017, 9:14 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments IT’S set to be a big year for Apple fans, because this year marks the 10th anniversary of the first iPhone. This means the tech giant is likely to be planning a HUGE release to mark this historic occasion, with rumours swirling over new features like a 3D camera. Getty Images 3 The tech world is already lighting up with gossip about the upcoming iPhone 8 As always, Apple has been tight-lipped about its gadgets but that hasn’t stopped rumours from swirling. We’ve collected together some of the iGossip, although we can’t verify all the info at this stage. When will the iPhone 8 be released? Apple had been expected expected to release the iPhone 8 in September 2017, in keeping with its annual autumn launch of major new products. In 2016 the iPhone 7 was launched on 16 September, so a similar mid-September date seemed most likely. Nothing has been confirmed, but Apple tends to stick to the same schedule every year. The iPhone 5, 5S, 6, 6S and 7 were all launched in September of consecutive years. However, according to the Economic Daily News technical problems mean it could be delayed by weeks due to “technical issues” with the hotly anticipated curved screen and 3D camera. Other rumours have suggested that delays in the handset’s new fingerprint sensor mean its release could be delayed until October at the earliest. And some analysts believe that there won’t be a new Apple iPhone launch until 2018. Can't stop constantly checking your phone? This handy iPhone hack will help you break the habit How much will the iPhone 8 cost? Rumours suggest that the new smartphone could be a lot more affordable than you think. Steven Milunovich, an analyst from global financial services giant UBS, claims that Apple’s prices are expected to stay around the same price as the iPhone 7. He said the flagship iPhone 8 will start from $850, which is around £682. Milunovich wrote in a report seen by Mac Rumours: “Contrary to some perceptions, Apple prices quite competitively. “Apple likes to position its entry-level products at the mid-market with ‘Pro/Plus’ products close to competitors at the high end.” Despite the lower starting price, it’s likely that a higher storage tier will cost upwards of £800 – with some rumours suggesting that a weak pound could lead to the handset even costing £900. What will the iPhone 8 be called? Apple is rumoured to be planning to call its next smartphone the iPhone X in a huge break from its usual naming traditions. Up until now, every new iPhone has been given a reasonably logical name, although Apple did slip the odd 's' after some model numbers. In a briefing note seen by Tech Radar, analyst Timothy Arcuri of Cowen and Company said his supply chain sources has predicated a name change for the new mobile. "It’s a name that makes some sense, simultaneously highlighting the phone’s high status and giving a nod to it being the tenth anniversary of the iPhone, with X, of course, being the Roman numeral for 10," the website wrote. Apple unveils waterproof and wireless iPhone 7 with no headphone jack What new features will the iPhone 8 have? Facial recognition Apple is rumoured to be planning to blast its biggest fans with LASER BEAMS when they buy the next iPhone 8. But whilst this sound scary, the James Bond-esque technology may actually allow them to open up their mobile phone using their face. An unconfirmed Apple rumour has suggested the upcoming device will use a laser to scan users' features. This could allow them to use their own lovely face to access the gadget, rather than having to scan a fingerprint or enter a password. "Features appear to include some form of facial/gesture recognition supported by a new laser sensor and an infrared sensor mounted near the front-facing camera and, as expected, should also finally include wireless charging," wrote Apple analyst Timothy Arcuri, according to Business Insider. Screen and camera The iPhone 8 is rumoured to have a stunning edge-to-edge OLED display taking up the length and breadth of the device. It could also feature an all-glass design, according to a recently filed patent. The patent awarded to Apple describes a device with a display that "may occupy the entire front face". The screen will have the Home Button  -- complete with super-sensitive Touch ID technology -- and its front-facing camera built in, according to leaked reports from Apple's Cupertino HQ. It is even thought the screen could be curved, just like the latest high-tech TVs. However, recent iGossip suggests that this prediction could be WRONG – and the cutting-edge OLED display could be held back until Apple releases an experimental version of the phone in 2018. Depending on the model (iPhone 8 is expected to come in three versions, see below) there will also be improved Optical Image Stabilisation technology. It has been rumoured that a 3D camera, which allows users to scan a 3D version of themselves into the phone, could be included in this version. ConceptsiPhone 3 Rumours are the iPhone 8 (artist's impression) could be full-screen and feature wireless charging technology It will allow for even clearer ultra-HD photographs using two cameras: a 12 megapixel wide-angle lens and a telephoto lens. This OIS technology already features on the iPhone 7 Plus's wide-angle lens, but NOT the telephoto lens. The telephoto lens is expected to be improved in time for the iPhone 8 launch, meaning even pictures taken from far away will be clearer and more stabilised. It has also been reported that Apple is working with LG on a camera for the iPhone 8 that would allow 3D photographs. It is unclear exactly how these could be put to use – however, a tech industry expert suggested a "revolutionary" front-facing camera could use infared technology to take 3D selfies. These cutting edge photos could then be used to create video game characters that accurately resemble the players themselves. Light-emitting diode (OLED) panels Apple placed orders for bendable organic light-emitting diode (OLED) panels – the kind you find on Samsung phones – to use in 70 million smartphones, according to sources speaking to Nikkei Asian Review. OLED screens are typically used in fancy smart TVs because they offer high colour and motion quality (making it perfect for watching Netflix)  without munching too much power. Wireless charging Taiwanese tech manufacturer Foxconn is making wireless charging modules for the iPhone 8, according to reports. It means the iPhone 8 will reportedly be able to be charged from 15 FEET away. It will use a built-in wireless receiver to receive power from a transmitter plugged into a socket. A company called Energous is said to be supplying the technology it called 'WattUp'. The firm has previously boasted WattUp technology can allow devices to be charged from the impressive distance. iPhone 8 'will have wireless charging using WattUp technology' No more Lightning port It has been claimed that Apple will remove the familiar Lightning connector from the upcoming model. Rumours suggest that the firm wants to remove the Lightning and replace it with the USB-3, which could provoke mild grumbling from people who own headphones or other peripherals which connect to the familiar jack. Will the iPhone 8 have a headphone jack, home button or touchbar? It doesn't look like the new iPhone will have a headphone jack, and the physical home button is expected to disappear as the whole face will be a screen. Apple is tipped to follow in the footsteps of Samsung’s Galaxy S8 by removing the physical home button from the phone to allow for an edge-to-edge display, news.com.au reports. Recent leaked sketches have shown the fingerprint scanner had been moved to the rear of the phone — a necessity given the removal of the home button. Apple users outraged as new iPhone 8 has relocated home button to the BACK The device is tipped to be missing the familiar touchbar to make way for a massive infinity screen. Drawn up by Benjamin Geskin at iDropNews, they predict that the virtual home button will feature a fingerprint sensor and accept and decline buttons for when someone calls. Where the menu bar once was will be a virtual function area where you can toggle music and apps. BENJAMIN GESKIN/IDROPNEWS 3 Is this how the iPhone 8 will look? The alleged new design shows that the menu bar is nowhere to be seen What will the iPhone 8 look like? While there is yet to be confirmation from Apple, alleged "blueprints" have been doing the rounds on Chinese social media. The design suggests the “Touch ID” button will appear on the front and that the device will feature the same sort of home button and fingerprint scanner as the current model. You can see one of the diagram in the tweet below, which was sent by Apple Insider. Purported internal schematic of #iPhone8 shows 'A11' chip, removable SIM https://t.co/Khy5VJqj11 pic.twitter.com/828HUhyUt7 — AppleInsider (@appleinsider) April 24, 2017 How many models of iPhone 8 will there be? There will be three different versions of the iPhone 8, according to a market analysis note seen by MacRumors. The premium version will be a 5.8 inch model with the OLED screen, while there will be two TFT-LCD screen models — a 4.7 inch version and a 5.5 inch version. The smallest 4.7 inch model will not have the dual camera Optical Image Stabalisation Technology, while the larger and more expensive models will, according to the note. MOST READ IN NEWS FRANCE ON ALERT Hunt continues for 'three terror suspects' after cops failed to find them during Gare Du Nord lockdown CRIPPLED BY ADDICTION Premier League ace 'forced to downsize home after blowing £15m fortune on gambling addiction' ORAL SEX DEATH TRIAL Man asks to show jury his PENIS as evidence lover died accidentally choking during oral sex FRANCE'S FIRST LADY Meet Brigitte Trogneux, 64-year-old wife of French President Emmanuel Macron MAULED BY LION Horrifying moment lion tamer is savaged by a raging beast in front of shocked kids at a French circus THAILAND DEATH TRAGEDY Pregnant British woman, 41, who campaigned for mums to breastfeed until kids are eight is crushed to death after truck smashes into her moped GET A ROOM! Randy tourists spotted romping on a beach in BROAD DAYLIGHT in the latest Thailand public sex scandal TURF WARS 'Shameless' travellers who illegally set up camp threaten to PROSECUTE anyone trying to move them Is that a stick of Brighton rock? Brighton ace Shane Duffy caught cheating as pictures of him naked in another girl’s bed were posted on social media 'KILL HIM!' Brit who tried to shoot Donald Trump with cop's gun at election rally reveals voices in his head told him to assassinate US President SEX FIEND COUPLE CAGED 'Monster' paedo couple who got kids addicted to drugs and raped them for 'pleasure' caged MAKING A SPLASH Inside the incredible £1m converted farmhouse with a water slide from the attic to an underground swimming pool ally ross BBC boobed with Barbara Windsor biopic Babs by not going all the way (ooh, matron!) PRINCE TRUMPS ACE Meghan Markle missed pal Serena Williams' baby shower for snog with Prince Harry at the polo LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT Moment French President Emmanuel Macron kissed future wife when she was his teacher HOW COULD HE? Girl, 8, beaten and hung-up with rope by her own dad who was angry after she tore up her parents' divorce papers Suited and Booted Austin Reed to cut 1,000 jobs as 116-yr-old men’s store shuts up shop on high street 'contempt' for ww1 heroes Jeremy Corbyn supporters slammed for climbing on war memorial in election photo stunt COULD burglary tycoon HAVE SURVIVED? Shot millionaire lay dying for AN HOUR waiting for an ambulance after jewel heist at £1m mansion TOT'S RAPE QUIZ Boy, 4, quizzed on suspicion of RAPE among 31 kids under ten facing sex crime probes in just two years The Sun Topics Apple Apple Rumours Explainers iPhone 8 Smartphones Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Popular FRANCE ON ALERT Hunt continues for 'three terror suspects' after cops failed to find them during Gare Du Nord lockdown News 'He's definitely going' Diego Costa leaves fans wondering whether he is waving goodbye to Chelsea scoring against Boro Football CRIPPLED BY ADDICTION Premier League ace 'forced to downsize home after blowing £15m fortune on gambling addiction' News NOTHING TO SEE HERE Katie Price and husband Kieran Hayler break silence after pictures of model appearing to kiss mystery man in Miami emerge TV & Showbiz Exclusive YUM DIRECTION Harry Styles secretly dating 'Naked Chef' blogger and model Tess Ward TV & Showbiz ORAL SEX DEATH TRIAL Man asks to show jury his PENIS as evidence lover died accidentally choking during oral sex News TIME TO COOL OFF Big Fat Gypsy Wedding star Danielle Mason whips off her swimsuit in Spain TV & Showbiz SPY PHONE Secret messages hidden in TV adverts can order smartphones to spy on people, researchers warn Tech FRANCE'S FIRST LADY Meet Brigitte Trogneux, 64-year-old wife of French President Emmanuel Macron News Exclusive X-rated UFC leaks UFC stars Raquel Pennington, Tecia Torres, Jessamyn Duke and Angela Magana feared to be latest victims of naked pic leak Sport DEAR DEIDRE I'm worried I'll be kicked out if my family find out about my secret sex with hot younger cousin Living All Grown Up Macaulay Culkin, 36, looks unrecognisable after partying with goddaughter Paris Jackson TV & Showbiz Exclusive LOOK AWAY NOW, KIERAN! ‘Drunk’ Katie Price cosies up to a mystery man during boozy night out in Miami TV & Showbiz kelly's saucy pics nicked Baywatch star Kelly Rohrbach falls victim to hackers and has private pics posted online TV & Showbiz MAULED BY LION Horrifying moment lion tamer is savaged by a raging beast in front of shocked kids at a French circus News Just Published rock of ages Cavemen who took leap forward in Stone Age technology may have been budding musicians Tech 'ARK AT THAT Brit inventor selling 'tsunami survival pods' to protect people from killer waves and natural disasters Tech I-HOPE IT'S TRUE iPhone 8 rumours suggest Apple fans will be able to buy gadget much sooner than expected Tech ANCIENT PORN STASH? Sex, nudity and public orgies... experts expose secrets of raunchy Roman paintings Tech FACEFLIX AND CHILL? Facebook will begin screening its own original TV shows this summer, rumours suggest Tech IT'S COMING FOR YOU Terrifying robot looks like a dinosaur - and can run faster than a human Tech QUEUE JUMPER Scientists reveal the perfect formula for picking the fastest supermarket queue Tech EXTRATERRESTRIAL TEMPEST Jupiter's swirling storms revealed in beautiful colour snap taken by Nasa's Juno probe Tech Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
ResponseSource uses cookies to ensure we give you the best experience on this website. We'll assume you're happy with this if you continue to use this site. Press Release Wire Send Receive About About for PRs Product tour FAQs About for Journalists Sign up to receive Search Releases Newsrooms Offers Images Videos News channels Business & Finance Children & Teenagers Computing & Telecoms Construction & Property Consumer Technology Education & Human Resources Entertainment & Arts Environment & Nature Farming & Animals Food & Drink Health Home & Garden Leisure & Hobbies Manufacturing, Engineering & Energy Media & Marketing Medical & Pharmaceutical Men's Interest Motoring Personal Finance Public Sector, Third Sector & Legal Retail & Fashion Sport Transport & Logistics Travel Women's Interest & Beauty Topics Awards Bank Holiday Brexit Charity Father's Day General Election Renewable Energy Spring Summer Summer Festivals Summer Holidays Regions Channel Islands Derbyshire Devon Dorset Dublin, Ireland Durham East Midlands, England East of England East Riding of Yorkshire France Gloucestershire Herefordshire Isle of Man Leicestershire Lincolnshire London North East England North West England North Yorkshire Northamptonshire Northern Ireland Northumberland Nottinghamshire Peak District Republic of Ireland Scotland Shropshire Somerset South East England South West England South Yorkshire Staffordshire Wales Warwickshire West Midlands, England West Yorkshire Wiltshire Worcestershire Yorkshire and the Humber Services Services for PRs PRs Media Contacts Database Search My lists Journalist Enquiry Service Manage your email settings Search enquiries Press Release Wire Send a press release Search releases Manage your newsrooms Services for Journalists Journalists Send a media enquiry Search for freelancers Search press releases Create a profile Update your profile Receive press releases Media Jobs Media Jobs Post a vacancy Search jobs ResponseSource About ResponseSource Get in touch Media Bulletin Blog Login Skip navigation We love our luxury cars according to the top 25 most loved brands in the UK -technology accounts for 58% of social conversation as Google edges closer to Apple’s top spot- Monday 8 May 2017 PDF Print The UK’s love for cars, particularly luxury brands and their favourite models, shone through in this year’s 2017 Brand Love List report London, UK. – May 08, 2017, The UK’s love for cars, particularly luxury brands and their favourite models, shone through in this year’s 2017 Brand Love List report launched today by enterprise social analytics leader, NetBase. BMW, Audi and Porsche all featured in the report’s top 10, which is part of a wider European report, that looks at the brands consumers express the most love for in social media posts. Jaguar Land Rover, BMW 3 Series, Porsche 911 were just some of the models that consumers showed a lot of love for. More insights from the report will be revealed at NetBase LIVE 2017 Europe on 18th, May in London http://www.netbase.com/nblive2017/. This is the second year that the report has been run. In the UK, Apple held onto top spot but showed that Google, in second place, was narrowing the gap which last year was 400,000 and is now down to 130,000 with a lot of positive sentiment for Google Classroom. The remainder of the top five was unchanged with Lego in third with an abundance of shared excitement for themed Lego such as Lego Batman, Tesco in fourth with popular campaign hashtags including #triedforless and #bagsofhelp and BMW was ranked fifth. The European Top Five brands differed only slightly from the UK with BMW taking fourth spot and consumer goods brand Adidas coming in at fifth place. The automotive sector once again proved popular with customers expressing much love particularly in relation to the Porsche 911. While consumer goods brands including Gucci, Adidas, Lego and Christian Dior S.A. accounted for nearly 45% of the top loved brands, they only represented 21% of the mentions. Conversely technology which was dominated by Apple and Google but also included SAP, Siemens and Dyson represented 10% of the conversation they also represented over 55% of mentions. In summary while there’s much love for consumer goods brands they still don’t even come close to the volume of technology conversation across Europe. The data was gathered using NetBase’s social media analytics platform to surface the strongest, most positive consumer emotions towards brands from 2.4 million English language posts of earned mentions* inclusive of Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Tumblr and millions of other sources during the one-year period April 2016 to April 2017 which then identified the 25 UK brands that get the most love. The European report used the same sources across the same period from 6.5 million English language posts of earned mentions in 50+ European countries and identified a list of the 50 most loved brands. More insights from the report will be revealed at NetBase LIVE 2017 Europe, a one day conference showcasing social media insights from thought leaders and industry experts, which will take place on Thursday 18 May at the Sofitel London St James. For further information and to register visit http://www.netbase.com/nblive2017/ Commenting on the UK report Paige Leidig, Chief Marketing Officer, NetBase said “What’s interesting about automotive is that brands represent 25% of the list but account for only 13% of the conversation suggesting that there is an opportunity for them to spread the love and engage more influencers in conversation. The dominance of technology in social conversation is no surprise but the fact that Apple and Google are so far out in front indicates that they have now become an everyday part of the English language.” When it comes to brand love there is a big difference between ‘like’ and ‘love’ and NetBase’s advanced technology can measure the strongest emotions shared about brands, so love and every single version of it. Understanding how strongly customers really feel about a brand and whether it has created a consumer passion that is the envy of its competitors will help brands to understand whether they have cultivated strong customer relationships to set a foundation for future brand growth. With most consumer purchases won on emotion having access to this kind of insight is invaluable as the more passion for the brand, the less the consumer relies on price as the deciding factor. More key insights from the UK report include: • Tech Talkers While technology dominated the conversation in the Top 25 it was made up of only three brands: Apple (1st), Google (2nd) and new entrant to the list, Dyson (22). • Consumer goods companies remained unchanged at representing 32% of the UK’s most loved brands This includes brands ranging from toys, shoes, fashion apparel and accessories. Lego was the most beloved consumer goods brand two years in a row with users sharing excitement over themed Lego for example Star Wars, showing the value of partnering to leverage another strong brand. • Just three retailers in the UK Top 25 Tesco, Marks and Spencer and John Lewis were the only three retail stores to feature in the top 25. Marks and Spencer, who didn’t figure on last year’s list, came in at number 15 and John Lewis moved up nine places from last year’s list from 25 to 16. Tesco’s #triedforless and #bagsofhelp which invite users to share their appreciation for the brand illustrated the impact that targeted campaigns can have on amplifying brand love. • No big moves for transportation British Airways was the only airline in the list and transportation had increased from 1 to 2% from last year in terms of overall mentions and while consumers often share their travel experiences more could be done by this sector to encourage consumer love through promotional campaigns. “Understanding consumer preference is one part art and one part science and is much more than measuring the volume of social media content or sentiment it’s about the intensity of passion and feeling which is the information that drives intelligent brand decision making. Social passion provides new insights into brand health and the effectiveness of campaigns; this data is so powerful that it can help to pinpoint geographically where more love is needed which has also been linked to have a direct correlation with return on investment,” adds Paige. Methodology: The NetBase UK and European Brand Love List are based on brand conversations across the social web inclusive of Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Tumblr and millions of other sources between during the one-year period April 2016 to April 2017. Using NetBase patented technology, the report measures the strongest consumer emotions towards a brand. NetBase maps a category using four dimensions: • Volume – measuring the number of earned and owned mentions and conversations; • Passion Intensity – indicating how strong consumers feel about a brand or company based on a scale of 0-100; • Net Sentiment – measuring the overall direction of how consumers feel about a brand’s marketing, customer service and products on a scale of -100 to +100; and • Brand Passion Index (BPI) – A brand’s net sentiment to passion ratio provides a look at how the brand is favoured. A brand with a low Net Sentiment but high Passion Intensity, for example is hated, whereas a brand with a high Net Sentiment but low Passion Intensity is liked, but not loved. The European Love List can be downloaded here: http://pages.netbase.com/Report-2017-EuropeanLoveList.html The UK European Love List can be downloaded here: http://pages.netbase.com/Report-2017-UKLoveList.html NetBase UK Brand Love List 2017 Brand Industry Rank Apple Technology 1 Google Technology 2 Lego Consumer Goods 3 Tesco Retail 4 BMW Automotive 5 Adidas Consumer Goods 6 Audi Automotive 7 Porsche Automotive 8 Gucci Consumer Goods 9 BP Energy 10 Chanel Consumer Goods 11 Jaguar Automotive 12 Christian Dior S.A. Consumer Goods 13 British Airways Transportation 14 Marks and Spencer Retail 15 John Lewis Retail 16 Aston Martin Automotive 17 L’Oréal Consumer Goods 18 Burberry Consumer Goods 19 Barclays Financial Services 20 Vodafone Telecommunications 21 Dyson Technology 22 Renault Automotive 23 Michelin Transportation 24 Rolex Consumer Goods 25 *earned mentions mean those posts that were not posted by the brand itself About NetBase NetBase is the award-winning social analytics platform that global companies use to run brands, build businesses, and connect with consumers every second. Its platform processes millions of social media posts daily for actionable business insights for marketing, research, customer service, sales, PR, and product innovation. NetBase is a trusted partner to American Airlines, Arby’s, Coca-Cola, Ogilvy, T-Mobile, Universal Music Group, Walmart, and YUM! Brands. Learn more at http://www.netbase.com or @NetBase. See your brand’s social movement in real-time with NetBase LIVE Pulse™ For further information or for a copy of the Love List report, please contact Paula Averley, Origin Comms, t. 07766 257776 or e. paula@origincomms.com. This press release was distributed by ResponseSource Press Release Wire on behalf of Origin Communications (Thames Ditton) in the following categories: Women's Interest & Beauty, Consumer Technology, Food & Drink, Business & Finance, Travel, Media & Marketing, Retail & Fashion, Transport & Logistics, for more information visit http://pressreleasewire.responsesource.com/about. Release from Origin Communications (Thames Ditton) Follow Newsroom Useful links Send Search Release Archive Social @responsesource ResponseSource ResponseSource Product dashboard About us Services for PRs Services for journalists Blog Privacy policy System requirements Terms & Conditions Free trial Contact ResponseSource 0345 370 7777 ResponseSource Press Release Wire © 1997-2017 ResponseSource Ltd
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Rehab Shelton Lakes Helps Feed the Hungry and Homeless Jane Dellavolpe and Laura Salvio We fail to remember that food banks need donations all year long, especially following holidays. We want to support our community year-round to the best of our ability. Past News Releases RSS Shelton, CT (PRWEB) May 08, 2017 Apple Rehab Shelton Lakes, which specializes in the delivery of sub-acute rehabilitation and long-term care services, recently implemented a year-round donation drive to benefit Spooner House, whose mission is to provide food, shelter and support services to people in need, and the Valley Food Bank at Spooner House. “Food drives are frequently held in conjunction with holidays, such as Thanksgiving, Christmas and Easter. Sometimes, however, we fail to remember that food banks need donations all year long, especially following holidays,” said Paula Meunier, Administrator of Apple Rehab Shelton Lakes. “We want to support our community year-round to the best of our ability.” Items can be donated at Apple Rehab Shelton Lakes, 5 Lake Road, Shelton, CT, starting April 24. In addition to non-perishable foods, they are also accepting paper goods/cleaning supplies and office supplies. For an item wish list, please visit http://www.actspooner.org/Wish_List.html. Spooner House will also be hosting its 20th Annual Walk for the Hungry and Homeless on Saturday, May 20, on the Derby Greenway. For more information,please visit the Spooner House’s website. About Apple Rehab Inc. Apple Health Care is the nation’s leading privately held nursing home company. Consumer Reports has rated Apple Rehab as the best for-profit long-term care company in America. It offers physical, occupational and speech language therapies, highly-skilled nursing care, physician-driven programs, and specialty services. For more information, please call Apple Rehab Shelton Lakes at (203) 924-2635, or visit http://www.apple-rehab.com. Find them on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/sheltonlakes/. About the NALA™ The NALA offers small and medium-sized businesses effective ways to reach customers through new media. As a single-agency source, the NALA helps businesses flourish in their local community. The NALA’s mission is to promote a business’ relevant and newsworthy events and achievements, both online and through traditional media. For media inquiries, please call 805.650.6121, ext. 361. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017 Employee Engagement Trends: Malaysia Scores Fall for the First Time in 4 Years Next PostNext Cellulite Treatment Industry Review & Forecasts 2017-2022 Research Report Search Recent Posts North America Feed Phosphate Market Research Report: Top Manufactures, Regional Analysis and Forecast by 2022 Healthcare Robotics Global Market Analysis, Opportunities, Major Players, Trends and Forecast by 2022 Honor Flight Veterans Honored at White House North America Engine Brake Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Honda Honors its Top North American Suppliers RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Newsagent Login Top Scoops Search Scoop     WIRES: SCOOPS PARLIAMENT POLITICS REGIONAL BUSINESS SCI-TECH WORLD CULTURE EDUCATION HEALTH SECTIONS: HOME COMMENT MULTIMEDIA NZ POLITICS BIZ & SCI/TECH WORLD LIFESTYLE ARCHIVES MOST READ VIDEO Book Reviews | Gordon Campbell | Scoop News | Wellington Scoop | Community Scoop | Search    Related  Email  Print Scoop >> Top Scoops Tweet Windows 10S — Microsoft tries locking down again Monday, 8 May 2017, 8:12 pm Article: Digitl At first sight Microsoft's Surface Laptop and Windows 10S launch is all about education. That was the company's emphasis at the product roll-out in New York. Yet there is more at stake here than putting computers in school bags. The announcement outlines a strategy for the stage of personal computing. If Microsoft pulls this off, it will once again dominate the sector. On the Surface Surface Laptop is Microsoft's most ambitious touch screen hardware product to date. Previous Microsoft devices; Surface Pro tablets, Surface Book, Surface Hub and Surface Studio, are all niche products. They cater for minority tastes. The Surface Laptop is mainstream. It competes head on with hardware from brands like HP, Lenovo and Asus. The Surface Laptop is a direct challenge to Apple's MacBook range. It doesn't directly address Google's Chromebook, but Microsoft developed the Surface Laptop with that product in mind. Chromebook Chromebook is a basic, low-cost, easy-to-manage laptop. It has sold well. It is one of the few PC success stories of recent years. Chromebook sales have climbed while sales of most other computer formats have been in free fall. It is more sucessful than Google's rivals expected. Above all else the Chromebook is strong in education. Yet that's only part of the story. IDC's latest market survey says Chromebook are now selling well to commercial customers. We can assume Microsoft understands the Chromebook threatens its PC business. Chrome OS Chromebooks run Google's Chrome OS. In effect, the operating system is the Chrome browser. Chrome OS is light on features. You can't do everything with Chrome OS. You don't have as much low-level control. But that's a good thing for many customers. Lots of users don't need all the personal computer trimmings. They just want to get a limited set of tasks done in an unfussy way. This applies in spades to young school students. More to the point, school students and their families are not willing or able to pay for a more powerful computer with a full operating system. You can buy a Chromebook in New Zealand for less than NZ$400. Brands like HP, Asus, Acer and Lenovo all have versions. This is less than half the price of a mainstream laptop. It is about one-quarter the price of the cheapest Apple Mac. In many schools Chromebooks have displaced Windows laptops. Microsoft bothered That bothers Microsoft. Aside from the impact on today's market share and revenue, there is a risk people will get a taste for Chromebooks. Youngsters growing up with school Chromebooks may stick with them later in life. Or if not Chromebook, something else that doesn't involve Microsoft Windows. The no Windows habit could rub off on their families, friends and workplaces. Microsoft wants to counter that threat. The Surface Laptop looks great but it is not going to do that. For a start it is too expensive. It sells in the US for $1000. That's four or five times the price of a Chromebook. It is a premium 13-inch laptop, more a competitor to models like the MacBook, HP Spectre and Dell XPS 13. It's lighter and thinner than a MacBook Air. It costs less and is more powerful. That comparison is a whole other story that needs closer inspection. Maybe another post. We're going to look at something more fundamental here. While Surface Laptop is inexpensive compared to, say, a MacBook Pro or Surface Book, it's not going to shake up the education market. That job goes to Windows 10S. Where Windows 10S fits There are, of course, plenty of low-cost Windows laptops to choose from. Asus, Lenovo and Acer all have PCs in New Zealand that sell for under NZ$400. If you can afford a little more, there are plenty of better models for less than NZ$500. Low-cost Windows laptops tend to be clunky and inelegant. They are not powerful by 2017 standards. But, like Chromebooks, they get the job done. At least they would get the job done but for one problem. To claw back the dollars makers don't earn from hardware sales, they load them with trial software. This often makes more money for the computer maker than they get from the hardware sale. Crapware Software makers pay to have their apps included as standard on PCs. They may call their products trial ware or use some other coy name. We know them as crapware. The name is well deserved. These programs are ugly. They make for an awful user experience. They bombard people with messages. At times they can frighten less experienced or tech-savvy users. Some include marketing messages that border on blackmail. Crapware often slows computers down. It can introduce security risks. More than one of these programs has included a serious malware payload in the past. Other crapware programs report key information back to their owners behind the computer user's back. Even the best crapware is annoying. It can pop up with a distracting, unwelcome message at an inappropriate moment. In effect, you can get a great deal on a low-end PC in return for accepting a steaming pile of crapware. What a time to be alive. Windows 10S By locking down the computer, Microsoft says Windows 10S will improve security and performance. It keeps things simple. Windows 10S makes it easy for administrators to manage fleets of computers. And it locks out crapware. If you choose to stick with Windows 10S, and that's optional, then you'll only be able to install apps from the official Microsoft app store. Now that may not be what you want from a computer. But there are people who like the sound of this. Remember Windows RT? We've been here before. Windows RT was the Microsoft operating system on the first Surface Tablets. It had the same lock-down approach and similar restrictions. It was a commercial flop. RT cost Microsoft hundreds of millions of dollars. In practice, Windows RT was not an awful OS. After all Apple's iOS is locked down in a similar way and that's been a winner. The issue is that Microsoft Windows users want different things from their devices to Apple users. One of them is the ability to run tons of obscure, esoteric and, in some cases, poorly written niche apps. Creating a version of Windows that can't run most Windows apps was a mistake. Unlike Apple, Microsoft failed to make sure the app store was packed with all the must have apps. Using the RT store was like walking into a shop with dusty, empty shelves and few recognisable products or brands. This time is different...? You may ask yourself what's different this time. The simple answer is that Microsoft will force Windows 10S on the market. Most or at least many future Windows PCs will come with Windows 10S installed at the outset. Customers can upgrade, if upgrade is the right word here, to a full unlocked version of Windows 10 by paying US$50. Inertia and a reluctance to spend any money means many customers will never upgrade. Big guns buy-in Another difference this time is that Windows hardware makers are joining the lockdown party. Some of the biggest names will have Windows 10S laptops on sale within weeks. It's going to be hard for PC buyers to ignore these machines. The list of companies already signed up is a who's who of the hardware business. With Windows 10S users will only be able to get apps from Microsoft's App Store. That means the company gets to clip the ticket with every purchase. Independent developers may whinge, but the same approach has worked well for Apple. App gap When it arrives a lot of popular Windows apps will not be available for Windows 10S. Among the stand-outs are the Chrome browser and iTunes. The pair may not be your favourite apps, but they are popular. What happens when a user, who has paid a bargain basement price for their PC, learns they need to shell out another $50 to run Chrome or iTunes? The deal is worse than that. When you switch to the full version of Windows, you lose a lot of the security benefits. The responsibility of managing your system returns. Again that may not worry you, but it will be a problem for some others. Competition bashing If you read the above section and thought Windows 10S will cause headaches for Microsoft's biggest competitors, you'd be right. It's no accident Chrome and iTunes were mentioned above. Google and Apple need to put their games theory strategists onto this one. Do they invest in creating Microsoft app store versions of their software? If they don't they run the risk of being cast adrift from large numbers of their customers. Although it's possible the disconnected customers might be the kind that don't use their software anyway. Ecosystem If Google and Apple do build app store versions, they help Microsoft create a formidable ecosystem that may bash them again later. Windows 10S is likely to be a hit with schools and organizations that want to impose order on PCs. Otherwise there's always a chance Microsoft's customers may walk away from Windows 10S. People don't have many other places to go. Chrome OS is even more locked down. Apple is less so, but the nuances of its approach aren't always understood. Microsoft still accounts for the vast majority of PC operating systems. So it looks like it will succeed this time. But there's always a possibility Windows 10S will be an RT rerun with even high stakes. Windows 10S — Microsoft tries locking down again was first posted at billbennett.co.nz. © Scoop Media Bill Bennett New Zealand technology news Bill Bennett publishes technology news and features that are directly relevant to New Zealand readers. Covering enterprise and small business computing, start-ups, listed companies, the technology channel and devices. Bennett's main focus is on New Zealand innovation. Bill Bennett stories are republished on Geekzone and Scoop. Stories published on this site are available to publishers for a fixed fee or a monthly subscription. CONTACT BILL BENNETT Website - billbennett.co.nz Twitter - @billbennettnz Google+ Email - bill@billbennett.co.nz Mobile - 0275082740 Linkedin   Tweet         Top Scoops Headlines COMMENT > >   Adam Fishwick: Organising Against The Gig Economy Workers in the so-called ‘gig economy’ face heightening conditions of precarity and exploitation... To combat this, innovative new strategies of organisation and mobilisation have been developed. More>> Gordon Campbell: On The Kim Regime There’s no clarity about what the US is seeking, or offering... It hasn’t helped that the US and the global media consistently agree on calling North Korea and its leadership “crazy” and “irrational”. More>> ALSO: UNHCHR - UN expert urges halt to rising hostility on Korean Peninsula NZ DPRK Society - Update on NZ Civil Society Activities in DPRK John Stanton - War with North Korea: No Joke - John Stanton Rene Wadlow - Korea : Challenge and Response - Rene Wadlow Peace Movement Aotearoa - Global military spending increases again Trump Tax 'Plan' BusinessDesk - NZ dollar hits four-month low on Trump tax plan ACT - Trump tax cuts a wake-up call for NZ Binoy Kampmark: Anzac As Apologia And Religion Each year, the secular religion of Anzac (the Australian and New Zealand Army Corps) receives more adherents, gathers a few more followers, and nabs a few more converts among the young. More>> Anzac Day: NZ Govt - Hon Amy Adams: Dawn Service, Gallipoli - Speech: Bennett - Address to Porirua City Anzac Day Service - Kiwis encouraged to recognise service with service - Adams to commemorate Anzac Day in Gallipoli United Future - ANZAC Day a day for tolerance and understanding NZ First - ANZAC Day Protests NZ Defence Force - Remembrance for Navy Chaplain on Western Front - ‘Always Take the Weather with You’ – an Anzac Garden in Iraq Peace Action Wellington - Wreath laying for Afghan civilians Auckland Peace Action - Alternative Anzac Day Event Christchurch Progressive Network - Silent vigil and wreath laying at Burnham Military Camp Auckland Transport - Use public transport to get to Anzac Day Dawn Service MetService - A Showery Start to a Fine Week - 23 April 2017 Department Of Corrections - Community Offenders Contribute To Anzac Day Commemorations NZ Police - ANZAC ‘friendly’ for Kiwi and Aussie rugby-playing cops Returned Services Association - Wounded Warrior new RSA patron Events - Thames - Auckland - Auckland War Memorial Museum - Maungakiekie-Tamaki - Sky Tower - Ports of Auckland - St David’s, Auckland - Hastings - Waikato - Palmerston North - Hutt - World Masters Games - Marlborough Get More From Scoop Submit News/Press Releases To Scoop Scoop Media on Facebook Follow Scoop on Twitter   EDITORS PICKS SITEWIDE MOST READ 1. Why has Pike footage been hidden for so long? 2. Joyce: Pre-Budget Speech 3. Report confirms serious challenges for rivers 4. Bail changes to blame for new billion dollar prison 5. Another day to wait on Fairfax NZ, NZME merger deal 6. Building consents top $2 billion for the first time 7. Gordon Campbell on the Kim regime News Alerts 1 The Beginning and the End of the TPPA | Jordan McCluskey 2 TPPA ministerial fails - time for NZ Govt. to cut losses | Professor Jane Kelsey 3 Yelawolf Announces Headline Auckland Show | Great Things 4 No TPP deal in Maui, but Groser 'extremely confident' | BusinessDesk 5 House price expectations highest since survey began in 1996 | ASB Bank 6 iHeartRadio New Zealand presents Adam Lambert | Niki Schuck 7 Scoop's #FutureOfNews Challenge & Solution - A ''New Scoop'' | Alastair Thompson More News Alerts   Community Public hospital senior doctor numbers still too low Strengthening Communities Fund open for applications ‘Ads for Good’ winners announced $40K in Proceeds Awarded To Charities IPANZ Auckland Event: Data, Evidence & The Public Discourse New World First Look Event Smiles all round for family carers More   RSS News Alerts   Fighting Talk Dim Post Lyndon Hood - still not quite caught up but here's... 20 May | Lyndon Lyndon Hood - sort of catching up but not quite 20 May | Lyndon Lyndon Hood, still using this title format, Wellin... 17 Feb | Lyndon Lyndon Hood - obviously not too busy, Wellington 21 Jan | Lyndon Lyndon Hood - still here, Wellington 11:20 PM | Lyndon Lyndon Hood - listing noticably, Wellington 11:39 PM | Lyndon Lyndon Hood - catching up again, Wellington 11:22 PM | Lyndon More   RSS News Alerts Half-formed thoughts of the day 3:55 AM | danylmc Talk me through this 5:50 PM | danylmc In praise of social investment 14 Jan | danylmc What is truth? If you follow me? 11 Jan | danylmc Ohariu 8:13 AM | danylmc A couple of links and thoughts 05 Jan | danylmc Sentences and Foucault Dreams 03 Jan | danylmc More   RSS News Alerts   Comment Section Blogroll Black Box Voting Buzz Flash The Brad Blog Democracy Now Else Woman Global Research Greg Palast Gush Shalom OpEd News Progressive Review Earthworm Ramzy Baroud Solari T r u t h o u t Scoop Newsagent Media Monitoring     Contact Newsagent Login Top Scoops Search Scoop     View: DESKTOP | MOBILE Scoop Contact About Services Newsagent Connect Submit News Social Media Scoop Network Ethical Paywall Accredited Orgs. Licensing Terms of Use © Scoop Media  
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Apple Rehab Shelton Lakes Helps Feed the Hungry and Homeless Apple Rehab Shelton Lakes Helps Feed the Hungry and Homeless Posted on May 8, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Apple Rehab Shelton Lakes, a branch of Apple Rehab Inc., launches year-round donation drive for local food bank and homeless shelter. Shelton, CT (PRWEB) May 08, 2017 Apple Rehab Shelton Lakes, which specializes in the delivery of sub-acute rehabilitation and long-term care services, recently implemented a year-round donation drive to benefit Spooner House, whose mission is to provide food, shelter and support services to people in need, and the Valley Food Bank at Spooner House. “Food drives are frequently held in conjunction with holidays, such as Thanksgiving, Christmas and Easter. Sometimes, however, we fail to remember that food banks need donations all year long, especially following holidays,” said Paula Meunier, Administrator of Apple Rehab Shelton Lakes. “We want to support our community year-round to the best of our ability.” Items can be donated at Apple Rehab Shelton Lakes, 5 Lake Road, Shelton, CT, starting April 24. In addition to non-perishable foods, they are also accepting paper goods/cleaning supplies and office supplies. For an item wish list, please visit http://www.actspooner.org/Wish_List.html. Spooner House will also be hosting its 20th Annual Walk for the Hungry and Homeless on Saturday, May 20, on the Derby Greenway. For more information,please visit the Spooner House’s website. About Apple Rehab Inc. Apple Health Care is the nation’s leading privately held nursing home company. Consumer Reports has rated Apple Rehab as the best for-profit long-term care company in America. It offers physical, occupational and speech language therapies, highly-skilled nursing care, physician-driven programs, and specialty services. For more information, please call Apple Rehab Shelton Lakes at (203) 924-2635, or visit http://www.apple-rehab.com. Find them on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/sheltonlakes/. About the NALA™ The NALA offers small and medium-sized businesses effective ways to reach customers through new media. As a single-agency source, the NALA helps businesses flourish in their local community. The NALA’s mission is to promote a business’ relevant and newsworthy events and achievements, both online and through traditional media. For media inquiries, please call 805.650.6121, ext. 361. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/AppleRehabInc/SpoonerHouse/prweb14312851.htm Latest News AquaBliss Releases Tips for Using Shower Filters Skylight Intelligence Launches Comprehensive Report on Digital Command Centers Apple Rehab Shelton Lakes Helps Feed the Hungry and Homeless Clovity Expands Its Focus on Cloud Architecture, Management, Migration and End to End DevOps Solutions Nemesis Bioscience Closes Funding Round And Begins Preclinical Programmes Registration Open for Concept Searching Webinar ‘Why Most Migration Projects Fail – Don’t Be a Statistic’ Attorney Joe Stanley Illustrates Warning Signs of Elder Abuse and Neglect PENETRON Builds Home for One of World’s Finest Private Art Collections The Swiftsure Group and SDG Systems Announce the Swift-ID SID400 RFID Reader and IOT180 Embedded Android Computer Registration Open for Concept Searching Webinar ‘Why Most Migration Projects Fail – Don’t Be a Statistic’ © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Streetwise Our Favorite Security Blanket: Big Tech Investors are flocking to tech stocks on worries that the economy may be rolling over. And all are waiting for the new iPhone. By Kopin Tan Biography May 6, 2017 12:03 a.m. ET Just in time for spring, our love affair with big technology stocks has reached full bloom. Tech shares are up 16.5% this year, far lovelier than the overall market’s 7.2%, and the chosen few making serial all-time highs include Apple (ticker: AAPL), Facebook (FB), Amazon.com (AMZN), Netflix (NFLX), and Google parent Alphabet (GOOGL).... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. AT&T, Verizon’s 5G Will Be a Cable Killer First, Say Cowen Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Costco’s Special Payout Comes With Trade-Offs Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Snap Estimates Big Enough to Drive a Truck Through Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. SOHN Spotlight: Tesla is Just Like Apple…Except in This Important Way Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 At Age 20, Amazon Stock Can Fly Higher Still 2 JetBlue Should Thrive With Legroom Lead 3 Barron's Buzz: Amazon Stock at 20: Now What? Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Technology Trader Tech Stocks: Winners and Losers in a Dangerous Season Fiber-optic stocks got slammed on China worries, while suppliers to Apple got a leg up. By Tiernan Ray Biography Updated May 6, 2017 2:04 a.m. ET The 13% rise in the Nasdaq Composite this year, and its break above 6,000 a couple weeks back, is making people just a little bit skittish. Even as the index notched a new all-time high of 6,102.72 last week, you could see wild swings in the shares of many tech stocks that seemed out of whack with their financial performance. ... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. AT&T, Verizon’s 5G Will Be a Cable Killer First, Say Cowen Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Costco’s Special Payout Comes With Trade-Offs Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Snap Estimates Big Enough to Drive a Truck Through Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. SOHN Spotlight: Tesla is Just Like Apple…Except in This Important Way Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 At Age 20, Amazon Stock Can Fly Higher Still 2 JetBlue Should Thrive With Legroom Lead 3 Barron's Buzz: Amazon Stock at 20: Now What? Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Begin typing your search above and press return to search. Press Esc to cancel. Donklephant Primary Navigation Please select a menu in this location Home Tablet iPad Pro 2 Update – What is There to Know By Costea Lestoc. Published on May 8, 2017. 0 The Cupertino-based tech giant Apple is going to release a successor for their highly successful iPad Pro tablet series, to many fans’ happiness. The company is using this as a celebration for the opening of new corporate HQ, besides the 10th anniversary of the iPhone product. Various reports published online hint to the fact that Apple will be offering three versions of the new iPad Pro 2. If we were to believe the Internet leaks, Apple will be coming up with a third version of the 10.5 inches model, as part of the new series. As expected, the California tech giant will be holding their annual event in California. There, the company should announce some new Oss for all the devices they manufacture. Three Versions of the Product Expert Reviews have been reporting that Apple may still postpone the release of the new iPad models until June or even later on. However, they might make public the 10.5 inches version of the iPad Pro line-up. In fact, if you think about it, Apple has no solid reason for them to reveal the new products at the conference. And this happens mainly because they are currently focusing on the software and not on the hardware, or at least for the moment. The company usually unveils the new products in September, when they host a dedicated event in San Francisco. Inquisitr explained why Apple may not be willing to improve on their hardware, or at least in what concerns their tablets. Usually, the company has the usual upgrade period once every two years, and the possibility of an update to the iPad Pro 2 would not fall into this timeframe. Moreover, we are still going without any official information about the product, which may render all these speculated characteristics to the state of mere rumors. Categories Tablet Tags iPad Pro 2iPad Pro 2 Update 0 likes Popular Posts Games Clash of Clans Major Update Comes with 4th Hero and More Games Clash of Clans April Update Features the Long-awaited Ships Games Clash of Clans April Update Rumored to Bring Exclusive Items and Spells Games Clash of Clans Ships, Multi-Village Support and Night Mode Features Games Supercell Confirms the Shipyard Update on Clash of Clans Latest Comments Sifat Syed on Clash of Clans May 2017 Update Comes with New Improvements True, bullshit I already knew... Ryan J Whittle on Clash of Clans May 2017 Update Comes with New Improvements Thanks for the recap Kristers Ostrovskis on Clash of Clans May 2017 Update Comes with New Improvements This article is outdated and useless... Christy Tom on Clash of Clans May 2017 Update Comes with New Improvements • #May_2017_Update !!!! • • #LEAKED_SNEAK_PEEKS !!!! • #Sneak_peek_1: • Finally supercell released the sneak peeks of the great massive update (only in some forums).This update was intended to bring the […] eddie razon on Supercell Confirms the Shipyard Update on Clash of Clans ive been trying load my coc and 3days now days now.still i cant open my coc .my BIG quetion how they manage all og ther Home Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy 2017 © Donklephant
null
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS IPAD DIARIES STORIES APPLE HISTORY IOS AUTOMATION GAMES Workflow Update Restores Google Chrome and Pocket Actions, Extends Apple Music Integration Dispelling the Apple Services Myth Prizmo Go Review: Smarter OCR with the iPhone’s Camera This week's sponsor SQLPro Studio A cross DB management tool for macOS Apple Clarifies That Affiliate Program Changes Affect In-App Purchases Only By John Voorhees On April 24th, Apple sent an email to participants in the iTunes Affiliate Program that said: Starting on May 1st 2017, commissions for all app and in-app content will be reduced from 7% to 2.5% globally. All other content types (music, movies, books, and TV) will remain at the current 7% commission rate in all markets. We will also continue to pay affiliate commissions on Apple Music memberships so there are many ways to earn commissions with the program. The drastic cut in the rate on apps and In-App-Purchases and the short notice took participants in the program by surprise. The May 1st deadline came and went seemingly without any change to the payout rate on apps. Apple has since posted a clarification to the iTunes Affiliate Resources website that says: We’d like to clarify some changes being made to the Affiliate Program. Commissions for all iOS in-app purchases will be reduced from 7% to 2.5% globally, and all other content types (including music, movies, books, paid iOS apps and TV) will remain at the current 7%. Anecdotal evidence since May 1st supports the clarification that the change to affiliate commissions affects In-App Purchases only. Links to apps and other content sold by Apple will continue to earn 7%, which is welcome news for websites and developers who rely on that revenue. Tags: app store Sign Up Unlock MacStories Extras Club MacStories offers exclusive access to extra MacStories content, delivered every week; it’s also a way to support us directly. Club MacStories will help you discover the best apps for your devices and get the most out of your iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Plus, it’s made in Italy. Starting at $5/month, with an annual option available. Join the Club. A Club MacStories membership includes: MacStories Weekly newsletter, delivered every week on Friday with app collections, tips, iOS workflows, and more; Monthly Log newsletter, delivered once every month with behind-the-scenes stories, app notes, personal journals, and more; Access to occasional giveaways, discounts, and free downloads. John Voorhees John joined MacStories in 2015. He is a regular contributor to MacStories and the Club MacStories newsletters, co-hosts AppStories, a weekly podcast exploring the world of apps, with Federico, and handles sponsorship sales for MacStories and AppStories. John is also the creator of Blink, an iTunes affiliate linking app for iOS. Twitter: @johnvoorhees | Email: voorhees@macstories.net ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by MacStadium | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.7
Skip to site map Hello Sign Out My Profile Update Details My Subscription My Events Admin Site Login Sign Up Subscribe Today's Paper 24° Ipswich Ipswich Toogoolawah Esk Gatton Harrisville Lowood Loganlea Ripley Springfield Central News NEWS Local News Just In Letters to the Editor Opinion Queensland National World Off Beat Business Sport SPORT Local Sport National Sport Features Opinion NRL AFL Soccer Cricket Netball Golf Horse Racing Lifestyle LIFESTYLE Hey Mumma Outdoor Living Easy Eating Home & Style Gardening Travel Entertainment Fashion Smarter Shopping Health Parenting Dating Horoscopes Community COMMUNITY Community News Your Story NDIS Weddings Pets Photos Buy Photos Videos Local History Traffic Cameras Ipswich Council Page Chamber of Commerce What's on WHAT'S ON Events Competitions Guides Tourism Post Your Event Jobs JOBS Jobs News Training & Education Local Job Listings Post your Job Ad Motoring MOTORING Motoring News Road Test Future Models Local Motoring Listings Post your Motoring Ad Real Estate REAL ESTATE Real Estate News Local Real Estate Listings Property Guide Post your Real Estate Ad Classifieds FINDA Classifieds Real Estate Motoring Jobs Buy & Sell Notices Trades & Services Health & Beauty Personals Businesses for Sale Get a Tradie Post an Ad Find Your Local Search by keyword Search by location Search by category Add your business Special Features QT Magazine Resource Directory Stud Cattle Directory Step in the Right Direction QT Business Directory APN Network Menu Home Just In News Sport Lifestyle Community What's On Jobs Motoring Real Estate Obituaries Classifieds All Business Apple tipped to launch Siri home speaker Nick Whigham @NWWHIGHAM | 8th May 2017 4:00 PM 0 PRINT Use this content Related Items 1 in 5 Aussies will be the victim of revenge porn Snapchat vs. Insta: the billion-dollar war over photo filters Apple iPhone 8 may not come out this year Local Real Estate Subscribe Now ARTIFICIALLY intelligent home speakers who talk to you and carry out internet-based tasks at your behest are the new big thing in consumer tech. And Apple is expected to finally join the party in the coming months. According to a report by KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo (dubbed the "best Apple analyst on the planet" by some), the tech giant is tipped to launch its own version of a smart home speaker with its famous AI assistant Siri at your beck and call. The report speculates that Apple will position the device as a more premium product than others on the market with superior acoustics and computing power, and a higher price tag to match. KGI's report was reticent to speculate on an exact release date but said it could be as early as next month. Meanwhile Melbourne-based Apple leaker Sonny Dickson has predicted the company would launch the Siri speaker at its annual developers conference in early June, for the device to go on sale in the second half of the year. Apple has been working to majorly overhaul Siri and it's capabilities, for all devices, but most notably their upcoming smarthome device.— Sonny Dickson (@SonnyDickson) May 1, 2017 The potential home speaker - the likes of which are designed to be the focal point of a connected lounge room - would directly compete with Amazon Echo and Google Home which have carved out a dominant stake in the emerging market. And this week, we got a hint that Apple's potential offering might look rather different to the home speakers put out by Google and Amazon. A young boy plays with an Amazon Echo. Ian Currie In an interview with Gadgets360, Apple executive Phil Schiller espoused the benefits of having a voice-controlled smart assistant which includes a screen in the design - a feature missing from the Amazon Echo and Google Home speaker. "There is a lot of talk in the industry about voice-driven assistants and we believe deeply in voice-driven assistants that's why invest in Siri," he said. But the senior vice president of worldwide marketing at Apple said in terms of user experience, he didn't think such products functioned optimally without a screen. "There's many moments where a voice assistant is really beneficial, but that doesn't mean you'd never want a screen. So the idea of not having a screen, I don't think suits many situations," he said. "For example if I'm looking for directions and I'm using Maps, Siri can tell me those directions by voice and that's really convenient but it's even better if I can see that map." Apple's developers conference, known as WWDC, will take place on June 5 to 9, 2017 in California. artificial intelligence Read More Login to follow editors picks Read More Login to follow home devices Read More Login to follow siri Read More Login to follow Topics:  artificial intelligence editors picks home devices siri 0 PRINT Just In Family takes up state funeral offer for Lou Richards Woman's horse rolls over her in riding accident Horrible movies that made more than a billion dollars Federal Budget 2017: 'Bludgers' to have payments cut Marco Pierre White Jr apologises to Matt Preston AFLW expansion plans put on hold until 2019 Top Stories Have you seen these girls? Two teens missing from Wulkuraka The two 14-year-olds were both last seen yesterday. Critical Alert 9th May 2017 4:00 PM Woman's horse rolls over her in riding accident Federal Budget 2017: 'Bludgers' to have payments cut Welfare recipients to face driver-style demerit system Almost 900 jobs announced for Bowen Basin coal project Proposed coal mine to start shipping early 2018 10 furry friends looking forever homes Here are the stars of this week's adopt a pet Local Partners Community Your Story Local History More Community What's On Honk parade showcases our love of cars Mr Chicken's Pontiac Transam Firevird a lot to crow about Ipswich Rotary takes to air as part of military exercise Refuelling of Super Hornet and building relationships on the agenda Less than one week left to nominate a true legend relay PHOTOS: Dragons, goblins invade Ipswich in festival parade Boogie woogie night at Mayor's Ball Stories behind war-time quilts will come to life at high tea Bowelscan program could save your life 10 free things you can still do during the Ipswich Festival There's still plenty of Ipswich Festival activities left to do 20 new things coming to Ipswich in 2017 SEE what's in store for Ipswich this year. Five things to do this weekend What's on in Ipswich Entertainment CELEBRITY TV MOVIES MUSIC Horrible movies that made more than a billion dollars JUST because a movie went on to make plenty of money doesn’t mean it was any good. Marco Pierre White Jr apologises to Matt Preston Marco Pierre White Junior has publicly apologised for his outburst "We're not rich" Lara Worthington claims on radio Model Lara Worthington claimed she's not rich on radio this morning Aiden looks forward to big year with single release Brisbane musician on his latest single and plans for 2017 HUGHES HIJACKS Q&A: ‘He looked like a 13-year-old girl’ Hughes asks Shorten what the heck he was thinking First date hell: 'You're going to see me poop?' Woman traumatised by partner's perfect date on Seven Year Switch BBC's bizarre Madeleine McCann documentary intro The BBC has chosen a truly odd way of introducing the McCann doco Real Estate Buy Rent More Real Estate Listing More Real Estate News 4 Jackes Street, Eastern Heights 4305 House 5 2 2 $599,000 This stunning family home is sure to impress the fussiest of buyers. It embodies the old world charm of yesteryear whilst also offering every modern convenience... 18 Bertrand Avenue, Kensington Grove 4341 House 4 2 2 $420,000 Situated on 2.75 acres (11,060m2) is this gorgeous family home which is the perfect mix of country living with the modern conveniences of being close to school and... 7 Linthorpe Valley Road, Linthorpe 4356 Rural 0 0 AUCTION 23/6/17 9 acres, currently being farmed, fully fenced and flat. With bitumen frontage and power at the boundary there are several locations on this lifestyle block for... 28 Sandalwood Drive, Yamanto 4305 House 4 2 2 $419,000 Style and sophistication doesn't always have to cost more. If you are tired of looking at poorly presented and overpriced properties you must inspect this... 2/247 South Station Road, Raceview 4305 House 3 1 1 Offers Over... Perfect for those that would like to maintain their independence, but don't want the maintenance of a large block or don't want to live in a complex. Positioned in... 4 Bowerbird Street, Deebing Heights 4306 House 4 2 2 $425,000 For those who are looking for a home with a bit of style, a bit of quality and all importantly, a bit of yard. This home delivers a seamless blend of modern family... 65 Cemetery Road, Raceview 4305 House 3 1 4 $379,000 Yes we've got room here for all the extras! With a second driveway leading to the sheds and rear yard, you'll have plenty of storage room on this huge 1012m2... 396-398 Rosewood Marburg Road, Tallegalla 4340 House 5 2 $849,000 Neg The sellers have purchased elsewhere so are keen to sell but will certainly miss this delightful property. They built this modern Queenslander 9 years ago with... 1&2/24 Glossop Street, Brassall 4305 Unit 2 1 1 $285,000 each $285,000 each Positioned in an elevated and leafy location, these units are a great opportunity for either a first home buyer or to expand your portfolio with a... 5 Richdale Court, Deebing Heights 4306 House 4 2 4 Offers Over... This highly sought after area is tightly held and properties rarely become available, so we are excited to bring this wonderful property to the market! You will... Once in a lifetime opportunity to join Rocky's elite One third of The Range's 'Millionaire Row' on market Coast's $900m planned beachside city could start in 2019 Details emerge after first Sekisui application formally lodged Another subdivision approved, but council says 'don't blame us' 22-lot subdivision approved for Telina. New land available on Range for first time in decade Infrastructure is being built in a new estate on the Toowoomba Range REVEALED: The truth behind Old Woman Island Did Sean Connery spend time on the island? Ready to SELL your property? Post Your Ad Here! © The Queensland Times Pty Limited 2017. Unauthorised reproduction is prohibited under the laws of Australia and by international treaty. News Corp Australia Group Websites Need Help? Refer to our helpful FAQ section for any problems you might be experiencing. Queensland Times Ipswich News National News World News Sport Lifestyle Travel Shopping Business Real Estate Home Loans Horoscopes Ipswich Weather Newspapers in Education What's On Entertainment Events Place an event Competitions Ipswich Classifieds Jobs in Ipswich Cars for Sale in Ipswich Property listings in Ipswich Bargains for Sale in Ipswich Obituaries in Ipswich Personals in Ipswich Notices in Ipswich Property for Rent Houses for Sale Classifieds Garage Sale Recruitment Ipswich Trades and Services Air Conditioning Builders Carpet Cleaners Concreters Electricians Gardeners Handyman Painters Plumbers All Services About Queensland Times Audience Panel About Us Contact Us Our Team Use our Content Home Delivery ePaper Photo Sales Letters to the Editor Competition Terms APN News & Media Digital Advertising ARM Digital Marketing Solutions Group Sites Privacy Policy Terms of Use × Login to follow.
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions Blu-ray Players DVRs and Media players Gadgets Headphones Hi-Fi & Wireless Audio Portable Audio More Projectors Surround Sound Systems TVs Trending: Nintendo Switch Nokia 3310 iPhone 7 Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Gadget News / Apple’s Siri-powered Amazon Echo rival tipped to pack inbuilt screen Apple’s Siri-powered Amazon Echo rival tipped to pack inbuilt screen by Luke Johnson 08 May 2017 0 shares Read Comments It’s been a while since Apple entered a brand new product category, but that could all be about to change, and soon. Rumours are rife that the Cupertino-based company is getting ready to launch its first brand new product since the 2015-released Apple Watch, with voice-controlled smart speakers tipped to be its new stomping ground of choice. While firmed-up details on Apple’s heavily rumoured Amazon Echo rival have yet to be confirmed, the firm’s head of marketing, Phil Schiller, has now hinted that not only could the device be on its way, but it will pack an inbuilt touchscreen. “There’s many moments where a voice assistant is really beneficial, but that doesn’t mean you’d never want a screen,” Schiller said speaking with Gadgets360. Using mapping and navigation directions as an example of smart speaker features that would benefit from both audio descriptions and visual commands, he added: “The idea of not having a screen, I don’t think suits many situations.” Although this isn’t confirmation of the claims Apple is prepping its own Echo rival, Schiller’s comments feel like something of a preamble to an upcoming launch. Related: Amazon Echo tips and tricks According to recent reports, Apple will launch its internet connected, app-enhanced, smart home controlling Siri speaker as early as next month. It’s been suggested that the upcoming WWDC conference in early June will act as the launch platform. Teasing the company’s views on such devices, Schiller went on to preach the benefits of the underlying software behind Echo and Google Home style devices. “I think voice assistants are incredibly powerful, their intelligence is going to grow, they’re going to do more for us, but the role of the screen is going to remain very important to all of this,” he said. “We believe deeply in voice-driven assistant that’s why we invest in Siri.” He added: “The idea of a device without a screen, well it’s not really useful for that whole category of photos that we all share, and all the social networking apps that are now embracing photos more and more, well, it doesn't work really so great in voice-only assistants. Apple’s WWDC 2017 keynote will be held on June 5, with the product unveiling to see CEO Tim Cook take to the stage, most likely with Schiller in tow. WATCH: Amazon Echo vs Google Home Would you want an Apple-made Echo rival? Share your thoughts below. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
  Search Prayers Nation Crime Current Affairs Politics In Other News World Australia and New Zealand Neighbours Asia Africa America Europe Middle East South Telangana Andhra Pradesh Tamil Nadu Karnataka Kerala Entertainment Theatre Music Bollywood Kollywood Sandalwood Tollywood Television Movie Reviews Mollywood Hollywood Sports Badminton Cricket Football Tennis In Other News Business Autos Companies Economy In Other News Market Technology Gadgets In Other News Mobiles and Tabs Lifestyle Viral and Trending Health and Wellbeing Sex and Relationship Fashion and Beauty Food and Recipes Travel Books and Art Pets and Environment Gallery Opinion Columnists DC Comment Op Ed Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks     e-Paper | Sunday Chronicle     Auto Refresh Search Prayers Tuesday, May 09, 2017 | Last Update : 12:39 PM IST Nation World South Entertainment Sports Business Technology Lifestyle Gallery Opinion More... Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks Technology, Mobiles and Tabs Samsung Galaxy S8 review: A beautiful, delicate beast DECCAN CHRONICLE. Published May 8, 2017, 11:56 am IST Updated May 8, 2017, 11:56 am IST The Samsung Galaxy S8 features the most powerful hardware yet, with the latest in display design.  The Infinity Display sports a 2K resolution with 1440 x 2960 pixels packed within a 5.8-inch panel and protected by the toughest glasses out there — the Corning Gorilla Glass 5. Rating: Samsung has finally managed to leave its smartphone rivals far behind in the design segment. With the new Galaxy S8 flagships, the Korean tech giant has shown the world its prowess with respect to how smartphone technology can be powerful, and yet remain beautiful. Yes, the Samsung Galaxy S8 flagships are beautiful beasts. However, although they look pretty delicate, they are significantly tough. The S8 does show a great blend of beauty and power, and the Korean giant is showing the world a glimpse of how next generation smartphones could evolve. The Galaxy S8 was in our hands for a short while, and the moment we had physical access, we were almost drooling all over it. With a few days of use and various tests, we do say that the Samsung Galaxy S8 series is probably ‘the phone of 2017.’ We simply have to wait for Apple and Google’s answer to the S8, which will be unveiled around September. The Samsung Galaxy S8 features the most powerful hardware yet, with the latest in display design. At first, you will awe the product, but after a few days in the use and you will find that it’s nothing more than the previous generation Galaxy S7 with a powerful engine. The only new difference on the S8 is the stunning Infinity Display and a few additional features. The S8 sports the best display yet — a stunning, curved Super AMOLED display panel that flushes itself with the metal frame around the sides. The rear panel too gets a similar curve and the two glass exteriors merge with the metal frame to form one single, seamless chassis. The Infinity Display sports a 2K resolution with 1440 x 2960 pixels packed within a 5.8-inch panel and protected by the toughest glasses out there — the Corning Gorilla Glass 5. The rear panel sports the same Gorilla Glass 5, which makes the entire phone protected with a tough glass. However, it is still a glass and not metal, which means that they are still prone to scratches and damage, not forgetting fingerprints and smudges that come from daily handling. (We personally witnessed the display being scratched within just a day of using the phone, and that too with extreme care) Though the Gorilla Glass 5 is the toughest one out there, smartphone insurance firm SquareTrade has warned that the displays are highly susceptible to cracking and have rated the S8 devices with a breakability score of 76 out of 100. SquareTrade claims the S8 is the first phone it has tested that cracked on the first drop on all sides, concluding that the phone is “extremely susceptible to cracking when dropped from any angle”. The main reason behind the problem is the lack of sufficient metal frame area around the display, which means that the Samsung Galaxy S8 does not have much protection from impacts. However, though the phone still holds a tough glass, you may not be one of those unlucky ones if you handle the handset with care and make sure you encase it with some soft silicon bumper. The large display also made new alterations to the front panel — the home button goes under the screen with a soft home button now residing on the user interface. Similar to Apple’s new iPhones, Samsung has also given a haptik feedback on pressing down the home button. However, the haptik pulse from the built-in motor is more of a vibe than a click which is felt on the iPhone. The vibration is a bit too long than needed and the vibrating motor is on the top half of the phone, which give is an odd feeling. Though a welcome approach by Samsung on this part, the haptik feedback on the home button is just a gimmick. It’s only required once when unlocking the phone. Unlike Apple’s iPhone, the home button’s press down and haptik feedback is not necessary during normal use since the button is UI- based and only needs to be touched. The haptik feedback and pressing hard on the home button is unnecessary. And lastly, since the home button is no longer present below the display, the fingerprint sensor now takes its place on the rear panel. The device gets its strength from an extremely strong metal frame that is sandwiched between the rear and front glasses. The frame is strong enough and you won’t have to worry about bending issues. The frame still holds the power and volume buttons as usual, but this time, Samsung has implemented a new physical button for its newly introduced AI, Bixby. A single press on the button brings up the AI and you are ready for action. However, Bixby is still in teething mode and will take some time to be launched, which will be announced soon by Samsung. The top edge sports the SIM card tray, while the bottom houses the mono speaker, USB Type-C port and the 3.5-mm headphone jack, which Samsung has retained unlike a few rival brands. The rear panel looks different — while everyone was predicting a dual camera to make a debut on the Galaxy S8, Samsung has put in a single better camera anyways. A 12MP sensor with an OIS and an LED flash, heart rate monitor and a fingerprint sensor reside on the two sides of the camera. Sadly, the fingerprint is oddly placed on the right side instead of the centre as most smartphones do. If you are a right-hander, your index finger may manage to reach the sensor, but you will surely find trouble finding it easily and in the bargain, you will manage smudging the camera lens as it is too close to the sensor. If you are a left-hander, things should work for you, however, it needs getting used to. If the sensor was centred, like most phones out there, we think it would have been comfortable as you can comfortably use your other fingers too. The fingerprint scanner is fast and works with precision. However, we did find a few times when the unlocking was now as accurate. Other modes of unlocking the phone are face unlocking and iris scanning, apart from the usual PIN and pattern unlocking. The iris scanning is great, secure and efficient. The iris scanner can register only one pair of eyes, and works in the dark too — thanks to a tiny IR led upfront. So if you want to use your iris for multiple users, you can’t. However, we did find a way to get past that too. When registering your eyes, you can register two people at the same time, with using one eye each. To do this, stand side by side and let the iris scanner scan one eye from each person (your left and his right or vice versa) to unlock, simply use the same eye and it will unlock the phone. So now you can have two users using the same phone — not practically recommended actually. All in all, Samsung has managed to keep the devices pretty slim, even though it packs hoards of features within the 8mm-thick phone. The S8 packs in wireless charging, NFC, a 3000mAh battery and all this in a waterproof and dustproof IP68-certified body. However, the body, being all glass, is bound to be slippery. If you have sweaty hands, slipping is out of the question, but getting smudges and grime from your palms is what you need to worry about. Many have found the phone slippery, including us. Hence we insist using a case on the device. The display takes its name from the design which gives you a feel that there is almost nothing around the sides. The phone when held in the air creates the display feeling that it almost disappears into the surrounding, creating an infinity feeling. There were many reports also stating that the S8’ AMOLED display was showing a red hue on the handsets. However, Samsung says that the red tinting issue is natural to AMOLED displays and the company has also rolled out a software patch to fix the issue. The display is unique and Samsung has taken the upper hand in the segment as they have the superior technology with display. Samsung has tried to keep the display as large as it can, but has managed to limit the size of the handset too. Thanks to the curved display that picks on the real estate on the sides and still manage a larger screen size on a relatively thinner body. Samsung has minimised the forehead and chin by squeezing them to increase the real estate on the display, by 83 per cent of the entire handset face. This move has given the S8 and the S8+ a weird aspect ratio of 18.5:9. And now, app developers have to adhere to this new standard and tweak their apps to accommodate the S8 displays for full screen. However, watching a movie is bliss as the wide landscape gives plenty of room for the display to expand and the movie is more enjoyable with almost no black bars on the top and bottom. The display is Mobile HDR Premium certification by the UHD alliance, which makes this panel unique and superior than any other phone out there. Experts from DisplayMate too have certified the Samsung Galaxy S8 with the best smartphone display they have ever tested. Having an HDR certified display means you can enjoy better quality movies on your phone. Amazon Prime Video and a few other services have already announced HDR-ready movie titles. Moving on, the S8 is powered by the latest Qualcomm powerhouse, the Snapdragon 835 SoC in the US variant, but India gets to see the company’s own home-brewed processor, the Exynos 8895, which is supposedly more superior in performance than the Snapdragon variant. Sadly, we have no way to prove this at present as India will not see the SD variant. The Exynos Galaxy S8 features an octa-core processor with four cores running 2.3GHz and four cores running 1.7GHz. Clubbed to the processors is 4GB of RAM and a MALI-G71 graphics processor that gives the handset its additional power. Storage is kept at 64GB on both the models (S8 and S8+), but it can be expanded to 256GB using a micro SD card. However, expanding the storage is limited to SIM cards as the hybrid SIM slot only allows for storage and one SIM, or two SIM cards together. The S8 is powered by Android Nougat (v7.0), and Samsung has kept the interface as clean as it can. It has loads of features and tweaks, which will keep you busy for hours experimenting with it. To add to the power on your smartphone, Samsung has also made the Galaxy S8 perform as a desktop PC. Clubbed with an additional accessory, a docking station called DeX, your S8/S8+ smartphones can now be used as standard desktop PCs. Simply plug in a monitor, keyboard and mouse and your smartphone turns into a full-fledged desktop PC. However, don’t mistaken it to work like a horse there as the features are limited and the use is for basic productivity such as office documents, internet surfing, emails, etc.      On the performance front, the S8 is presently the leader since there are no other smartphones with the same chipset there. Samsung was the first to launch the SoC (snapdragon) on their flagships and others will soon follow suit. Presently, Xiaomi’s Mi 6 is the only one to sport the SD835, but that is not yet being sold outside China. Using the device was a breeze as the custom UI is smooth and fast. Samsung has also altered its UI to an extent. Swiping up pulls out the app drawer and most of the bloatware seems gone now, giving you more room for your own apps. Coming down to the photography section, the Galaxy S8 sport a 12MP sensor on the rear, with an f/1.7 aperture and optical image stabilisation, which is capable of recording up to 4K videos. The front gets an autofocus 8MP camera with similar features. The camera’s performance is excellent. Present contenders are the iPhone 7 and the Google Pixel, but Samsung’s flagship smartphone cameras have always shown excellence of lately. What is unique on the camera front is that it can manage multi-frame image processing, and that too, on a hardware level, unlike other phones that do it with software. The camera can take three shots at the same time and process them to reduce blur, increase focus and output a perfect shot. This is pretty much needed when you shoot moving objects, or clicking in low-light conditions. The S8 and S7 have almost identical cameras, but the hardware engine behind the processing is what makes the camera’s performance stand out. . In short, the new processor now makes the already awesome camera, even more awesome. The Galaxy S8 presently has one of the best smartphone cameras in the market. Images are sharp and vibrant. However, we did see some photos being over-sharpened, but rarely. But overall, the photos are very impressive. Check out a few too many photos we managed to click with the S8. The selfie camera gets a bump in the megapixels over the S7. An 8MP sensor welcomes you with an upscaled camera UI, and with loads of features. Samsung has implemented stickers, modes, filters and AI-based animated cartoons to get better and fun selfies. The autofocus on the front camera also helps you get better photo when clicking group shots. Heading down to the battery, a 3000mAh battery fuels the S8, while the S8+ takes on a 3500mAh powerhouse. With support from Quick Charge 2.0, the battery can top up with better speeds. Expect the S8 to refill its juice in around an hour’s time from min to max. As for run time, on an average, one should expect around 8 – 10 hours max, depending on usage. With a new phone in your hand, an excellent display to watch movies, a superior camera to play around and great audio by AKG, you are bound to exhaust the S8 within a few hours itself. The phone is definitely bound to addict you into using it more for your entertainment. To wind up the entire experience, the Samsung Galaxy S8 is like no other phone we have ever used. A uniquely new display, great camera performance and a new design are the strong points for Samsung. Putting apart the delicate display issues (if any), the phone is definitely a must-buy. However, the price could be a little too steep for some, but the features, performance, and aesthetics of the Samsung Galaxy S8 definitely demand a price tag of Rs 57,900. The S8 is available in two colours — Maple Black and Midnight Black. Bundled with the phone is a pair of AKG earphones, a USB Type-C OTG, a Type-C to micro USB converter, a charger and USB Type-C data cable. Specifications at a glance: Display: 5.8in QHD (2960x1440), 570ppi, Dual curved edge display Processor: Exynos 8895 octa-core CPU, Mali- G71 GPU RAM: 4GB Storage: 64GB Expandable storage: Micro-SD card up to 256GB Camera: 12MP with OIS, 8MP front Security: Fingerprint, iris, face, pattern, PIN Operating system: Android 7.0 (Nougat) Sensors: Heart rate monitor Connectivity: Wi-Fi 11ac dual-band, Bluetooth 5.0 with aptX, NFC, 4G LTE, USB Type-C Others: GPS, NFC, Wireless charging, 3.5-mm headphone jack Battery: 3000mAh, non-removable Body: 68x149x8mm / 155g, IP68 dust/waterproof Tags: samsung, galaxy s8, review, smartphone, flagship, android Sports Gallery In Pictures: Virat Kohli & co. arrive in picturesque hillside for Dharamshala Test IPL 2017 auction: Top 10 most expensive players Top performers from India versus Bangladesh Test in Hyderabad World Cancer Day: 5 athletes who beat cancer to return to the sporting arena In pics: The best of Australian Open 2017 In Pics: The best moments from the Mumbai Marathon 2017 ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR   Nokia 3, 5 and 6: Spotting the difference   Facebook went down? Thousands unable to log in   Video | HTC U 11 paint in red   Eugenie Bouchard beats fallen idol Maria Sharapova in Madrid   5 Samsung Galaxy S8 features you probably didn’t know about   Cesc Fabregas condemns Boro as Chelsea close on EPL title ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT More From Mobiles and Tabs Nokia teases release date of 6, 5, 3 and 3310, confirms Nokia 3310 shipping Vivo V5s selfie centric smartphone goes on sale Rs 18,990 OnePlus 5 tipped for summer launch, report reveals OKWU launches smart+er phone in India Samsung Galaxy S8 Active pops-up online ADVERTISEMENT Home Asian Age Andhrabhoomi Financial Chronicle About Us Contact Us Classifieds Book Classifieds Feedback E-Paper Privacy Policy Copyright © 2015 - 2017 Deccan Chronicle. Designed, Developed & Maintained By Daksham × Prayers
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News PM 'looks forward' to working with Macron Business Standard Naidu meets tech giants' executives, seeks investments in AP Press Trust of India  |  Houston  May 8, 2017 Last Updated at 08:42 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVfp8X ALSO READ AP has developed infrastructure for e-Governance: CM Naidu Man held for derogatory post about legislature Naidu opens new transit terminal at Vijayawada airport Chandrababu, Jagan hail ISRO on launch of 104 satellites Sewdish min's state secretary meets Dave On the second day of his US visit, Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu met top executives of some of the world's largest technology companies and sought investments from them in his state. The much-anticipated Apple's foray into Andhra Pradesh got a fillip on Saturday following Naidu's meeting with the company's Chief Operating Officer Jeff Williams. Naiu told Williams: "This is the right time for Apple Inc to invest in India as it has been growing consistently". "Being a state that has just begun building itself from the scratch post-bifurcation, Andhra Pradesh offered tremendous opportunities. Apple would do well to enter AP which has been adjudged the best state to do business with and has a productive young population," the chief minister said. Naidu will also receive the 'Transformative Chief Minister Award' during the United States-India Business Council (USIBC) West Coast Summit in Silicon Valley. The USIBC has selected Naidu for the award for his efforts to strengthen ties between the countries at the state level. The summit will see the participation of 150 industry leaders from sectors such as information technology, banking, food processing, healthcare, clean energy and digital payment. Texas-based Dell has expressed interest in setting up a data centre in the Andhra Pradesh capital. The technology giant expressed keen interest when Naidu met Srikanth Satya, a top executive of Dell in Dallas. Naidu visited the University of Silicon Andhra after the NRI CEO's meet. Various MoU's were signed with Innova Solutions, I-Bridge Inc and EVX Solutions, which is expected to create over 12,000 jobs. Andhra govt aims to have a computer expert, entrepreneur and artist in every house. Naidu also held a meeting with California Governor Jerry Brown and invited the US state to join hands with AP as "we build a greenfield capital with global opportunities". Among others who met Naidu were Gopi Sirineni, VP, Qualcomm, NIO USA CEO Padmasree Warrior, Mike McNamara, CEO of Flextronics. The leaders expressed their interest in AP's Fiber Grid project, and expansion of their respective companies in the state. Naidu appreciated the innovative efforts taken toward mobility and learnt about various features of the driver-less car at Waymo during Google X visit. On Saturday, Naidu paid humble floral tributes to Mahatma Gandhi's statue at the largest Gandhi Memorial in Irving, near Dallas. Naidu appreciated Prasad Thotakura, the person behind the initiative, and his dedicated management team for their relentless efforts in building huge memorial in 5 months with one million dollar budget and collaboration with Irving city officials. Naidu was later in the evening greeted at the community wide reception by thousands of Indian origin Telugu community members at Irving, Conventions Center. Indian Consul-General in Houston, Anupam Ray, welcomed Naidu at the reception and gave a quick overview of the Telugu community, praising them for their contribution in creating jobs and prosperity. Naidu lauded the Indian Americans and people of Telugu origin for their enormous contributions and said that he was looking forward to make Andhra Pradesh a model state for the rest of the world by garnering strong business alliances in the USA. Naidu is accompanied by his 16-member team comprising Finance Minister Yanamala Ramakrishnudu, Government Advisor (Communications) Parakala Prabhakar and senior officials, will visit Washington DC, San Francisco, California, New York, Chicago and other states. Agreements for sister-state relations with California, Illinois and Iowa, and bilateral meetings with 35 CEOs of some of the world's biggest companies will be the highlights of the tour. As per the Ministers US Itinerary from his office, he would visit the offices and manufacturing facilities of companies like Apple, Tesla, CISCO, Oracle and Flextronics. During the visit, he would hold discussions with the Universities of Stanford, Iowa, North Texas and Dallas. MoUs would be signed with some of them, like the one for collaboration in seed science with the Iowa State University. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | International News | Andhra Pradesh | N Chandrababu Naidu | Chandrababu Naidu | India | Investments | Information Technology | Met | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Naidu meets tech giants' executives, seeks investments in AP On the second day of his US visit, Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu met top executives of some of the world's largest technology companies and sought investments from them in his state. The much-anticipated Apple's foray into Andhra Pradesh got a fillip on Saturday following Naidu's meeting with the company's Chief Operating Officer Jeff Williams. Naiu told Williams: "This is the right time for Apple Inc to invest in India as it has been growing consistently". "Being a state that has just begun building itself from the scratch post-bifurcation, Andhra Pradesh offered tremendous opportunities. Apple would do well to enter AP which has been adjudged the best state to do business with and has a productive young population," the chief minister said. Naidu will also receive the 'Transformative Chief Minister Award' during the United States-India Business Council (USIBC) West Coast Summit in Silicon Valley. The USIBC has selected Naidu for the award for his efforts to ... On the second day of his US visit, Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu met top executives of some of the world's largest technology companies and sought investments from them in his state. The much-anticipated Apple's foray into Andhra Pradesh got a fillip on Saturday following Naidu's meeting with the company's Chief Operating Officer Jeff Williams. Naiu told Williams: "This is the right time for Apple Inc to invest in India as it has been growing consistently". "Being a state that has just begun building itself from the scratch post-bifurcation, Andhra Pradesh offered tremendous opportunities. Apple would do well to enter AP which has been adjudged the best state to do business with and has a productive young population," the chief minister said. Naidu will also receive the 'Transformative Chief Minister Award' during the United States-India Business Council (USIBC) West Coast Summit in Silicon Valley. The USIBC has selected Naidu for the award for his efforts to strengthen ties between the countries at the state level. The summit will see the participation of 150 industry leaders from sectors such as information technology, banking, food processing, healthcare, clean energy and digital payment. Texas-based Dell has expressed interest in setting up a data centre in the Andhra Pradesh capital. The technology giant expressed keen interest when Naidu met Srikanth Satya, a top executive of Dell in Dallas. Naidu visited the University of Silicon Andhra after the NRI CEO's meet. Various MoU's were signed with Innova Solutions, I-Bridge Inc and EVX Solutions, which is expected to create over 12,000 jobs. Andhra govt aims to have a computer expert, entrepreneur and artist in every house. Naidu also held a meeting with California Governor Jerry Brown and invited the US state to join hands with AP as "we build a greenfield capital with global opportunities". Among others who met Naidu were Gopi Sirineni, VP, Qualcomm, NIO USA CEO Padmasree Warrior, Mike McNamara, CEO of Flextronics. The leaders expressed their interest in AP's Fiber Grid project, and expansion of their respective companies in the state. Naidu appreciated the innovative efforts taken toward mobility and learnt about various features of the driver-less car at Waymo during Google X visit. On Saturday, Naidu paid humble floral tributes to Mahatma Gandhi's statue at the largest Gandhi Memorial in Irving, near Dallas. Naidu appreciated Prasad Thotakura, the person behind the initiative, and his dedicated management team for their relentless efforts in building huge memorial in 5 months with one million dollar budget and collaboration with Irving city officials. Naidu was later in the evening greeted at the community wide reception by thousands of Indian origin Telugu community members at Irving, Conventions Center. Indian Consul-General in Houston, Anupam Ray, welcomed Naidu at the reception and gave a quick overview of the Telugu community, praising them for their contribution in creating jobs and prosperity. Naidu lauded the Indian Americans and people of Telugu origin for their enormous contributions and said that he was looking forward to make Andhra Pradesh a model state for the rest of the world by garnering strong business alliances in the USA. Naidu is accompanied by his 16-member team comprising Finance Minister Yanamala Ramakrishnudu, Government Advisor (Communications) Parakala Prabhakar and senior officials, will visit Washington DC, San Francisco, California, New York, Chicago and other states. Agreements for sister-state relations with California, Illinois and Iowa, and bilateral meetings with 35 CEOs of some of the world's biggest companies will be the highlights of the tour. As per the Ministers US Itinerary from his office, he would visit the offices and manufacturing facilities of companies like Apple, Tesla, CISCO, Oracle and Flextronics. During the visit, he would hold discussions with the Universities of Stanford, Iowa, North Texas and Dallas. MoUs would be signed with some of them, like the one for collaboration in seed science with the Iowa State University. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Naidu meets tech giants' executives, seeks investments in AP On the second day of his US visit, Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu met top executives of some of the world's largest technology companies and sought investments from them in his state. The much-anticipated Apple's foray into Andhra Pradesh got a fillip on Saturday following Naidu's meeting with the company's Chief Operating Officer Jeff Williams. Naiu told Williams: "This is the right time for Apple Inc to invest in India as it has been growing consistently". "Being a state that has just begun building itself from the scratch post-bifurcation, Andhra Pradesh offered tremendous opportunities. Apple would do well to enter AP which has been adjudged the best state to do business with and has a productive young population," the chief minister said. Naidu will also receive the 'Transformative Chief Minister Award' during the United States-India Business Council (USIBC) West Coast Summit in Silicon Valley. The USIBC has selected Naidu for the award for his efforts to strengthen ties between the countries at the state level. The summit will see the participation of 150 industry leaders from sectors such as information technology, banking, food processing, healthcare, clean energy and digital payment. Texas-based Dell has expressed interest in setting up a data centre in the Andhra Pradesh capital. The technology giant expressed keen interest when Naidu met Srikanth Satya, a top executive of Dell in Dallas. Naidu visited the University of Silicon Andhra after the NRI CEO's meet. Various MoU's were signed with Innova Solutions, I-Bridge Inc and EVX Solutions, which is expected to create over 12,000 jobs. Andhra govt aims to have a computer expert, entrepreneur and artist in every house. Naidu also held a meeting with California Governor Jerry Brown and invited the US state to join hands with AP as "we build a greenfield capital with global opportunities". Among others who met Naidu were Gopi Sirineni, VP, Qualcomm, NIO USA CEO Padmasree Warrior, Mike McNamara, CEO of Flextronics. The leaders expressed their interest in AP's Fiber Grid project, and expansion of their respective companies in the state. Naidu appreciated the innovative efforts taken toward mobility and learnt about various features of the driver-less car at Waymo during Google X visit. On Saturday, Naidu paid humble floral tributes to Mahatma Gandhi's statue at the largest Gandhi Memorial in Irving, near Dallas. Naidu appreciated Prasad Thotakura, the person behind the initiative, and his dedicated management team for their relentless efforts in building huge memorial in 5 months with one million dollar budget and collaboration with Irving city officials. Naidu was later in the evening greeted at the community wide reception by thousands of Indian origin Telugu community members at Irving, Conventions Center. Indian Consul-General in Houston, Anupam Ray, welcomed Naidu at the reception and gave a quick overview of the Telugu community, praising them for their contribution in creating jobs and prosperity. Naidu lauded the Indian Americans and people of Telugu origin for their enormous contributions and said that he was looking forward to make Andhra Pradesh a model state for the rest of the world by garnering strong business alliances in the USA. Naidu is accompanied by his 16-member team comprising Finance Minister Yanamala Ramakrishnudu, Government Advisor (Communications) Parakala Prabhakar and senior officials, will visit Washington DC, San Francisco, California, New York, Chicago and other states. Agreements for sister-state relations with California, Illinois and Iowa, and bilateral meetings with 35 CEOs of some of the world's biggest companies will be the highlights of the tour. As per the Ministers US Itinerary from his office, he would visit the offices and manufacturing facilities of companies like Apple, Tesla, CISCO, Oracle and Flextronics. During the visit, he would hold discussions with the Universities of Stanford, Iowa, North Texas and Dallas. MoUs would be signed with some of them, like the one for collaboration in seed science with the Iowa State University. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Common AirPods Problems & Fixes Josh Smith02/15/2017 This guide will show you how to fix common AirPods problems so that you can get back to enjoying your music. We’ll help you fix AirPods connection issues, AirPods charging problems and other issues like bad audio quality or problems switching them to another Apple device. Apple’s short delay in releasing the AirPods helped iron out many issues, but there are still some problems that users run into while switching between the iPhone and a Mac. It is very easy to fix most AirPods problems and it is unlikely that you will need to return or exchange your AirPods. Common AirPods problems and how to fix them. Here are the most common AirPods problems; How to Fix AirPods That Won’t Connect How to Fix AirPods That Won’t Connect to Mac How to Fix AirPod Call Disconnect Problems How to Fix Bad AirPods Battery Life How to Reset AirPods We’ll show you how to fix AirPods problems below, including what to do if you need to reset them, which can solve many AirPods problems. How to Fix AirPods That Won’t Connect If your AirPods won’t connect to the device that you normally use them with, the first thing to try is very simply. Put the AirPods back in the case. Wait about 10 seconds and then take them both out and put them immediately in your ears. How to Fix AirPods that won’t connect. After 3-5 seconds the AirPods should now connect to the device you primarily use with them. We find that if one AirPod won’t connect, adding the second to the mix is an excellent way to get them connected. Another thing that you can try is turning Bluetooth off on your iPhone or iPad and turning it back on. Swipe up to open the Control Center, tap on Bluetooth, wait 20 seconds and then tap on Bluetooth again. Once Bluetooth is back on you can try again. If this fails you may need to Reset the AirPods. Click here to jump to that section. How to Fix AirPods That Won’t Connect to Mac If you have an older Mac, it can be tougher to connect the AirPods to it. We occasionally run into issues with the Mac Pro. The steps are similar to those listed above, but you may not want to turn Bluetooth off on your Mac if you only have a Bluetooth mouse. How to fix AirPods Mac connection problems. Instead, let’s unpair the AirPods from your Mac and then re-pair them directly to that Mac. From there, iCloud will connect them back to the other devices. Go to System Preferences -> Bluetooth on your Mac and click on AirPods. Click on the X to unpair them. You can unpair them from any other device that you connect them to including your iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch. If possible turn off all the other devices after you unpair them. On the Mac, go into the Bluetooth settings again and pair the AirPods. From there iCloud should sync the connection to your other devices again. In many cases, this will fix your Mac AirPods connection issues. How to Fix AirPod Call Disconnect Problems Some users report the AirPods disconnect on calls. This is especially annoying during important calls and while you are driving or walking. There are a lot of potential factors that can cause the AirPods to disconnect while on a call, so there are many steps you can try taking. How to fix AirPods call disconnect problems. The first thing to try is taking a call with just one AirPod in. This is the primary way we make calls, and it usually works without any problem. Set the AirPods to always use the right or left AirPod for the microphone. Go to Settings -> Bluetooth -> Tap on the i to the right of AirPods. Tap on Microphone and then choose left or right. You may also want to try turning off Automatic Ear Detection. This means the AirPods won’t know if they are in your ear, so you lose some features, but it could help you nail down why your AirPods are disconnecting during calls. Go to Settings -> Bluetooth -> Tap on the i to the right of AirPods. Tap on the toggle to the right of Automatic Ear Detection.  You can also try restarting your iPhone completely and by making sure your AirPods are fully charged. If that doesn’t fix the issue you may want to try a complete reset of AirPods. How to Fix Bad AirPods Battery Life AirPods battery life should be about five hours on a charge, another 3 hours with just a 15-minute charge and about 24 hours total using the case to charge in between sessions. How to fix bad AirPods battery life. If you are experiencing bad AirPods battery life you should make sure that the automatic detection is on. This will pause the AirPods when you remove them and it will help save battery life in the long run. Go to Settings -> Bluetooth -> Tap on the i to the right of AirPods. Tap on the toggle to the right of Automatic Ear Detection. Green is on.  Avoid constantly flicking the case open and closed near your iPhone. We don’t know for sure that this is draining battery life, but it is triggering an AirPods animation on the iPhone so it would make sense that some kind of Bluetooth handshake is happening. Some users report that the AirPods case is draining fast without any use. If this happens you can try resetting the AirPods. If that fails, you should contact Apple and go into a store to exchange for a new pair of AirPods. How to Reset AirPods It takes about 15 seconds to reset the AirPods and this will solve many of the AIrPods problems listed above as well as general connectivity issues and glitchy AirPods behavior. Put the AirPods in the case. Find the button on the back and hold it for about 15 seconds. When the small LED flashes orange it is complete. Open the case next to your iPhone and reconnect. iCloud will then sync the connection to your other devices. We found that after we reset the AirPods they connected faster and more reliably. This is worth trying if you have annoying AirPods problems that you can’t fix any other way. 2 Responses 04/23/2017 Anton Reply I have tried all pot these advices, but I could not reconnect AirPods with iPhone 6 at all. working with MacBook Pro with touch bar is working perfectly/ 05/07/2017 Nancy-Margaret Reply My Airpods work perfectly with music, phonecalls, but NOT on a website called OnePlace.com. I have tried all your suggestions to no avail. Any other suggestions?? Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Business Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street Blunt Instrument Satire Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Federal Budget 2017 Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Home Business Retail May 8 2017 Save Print License article Myer dives amid predictions of sales crash Mathew Dunckley Follow on Facebook Follow on Google Plus Follow on Twitter 47 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Struggling department store chain Myer has suffered a massive fall in its share price in the wake of a devastating revaluation from a leading analyst. Myer shares had dropped more than 9 per cent to $1 by lunchtime with a brutal research note from Credit Suisse analyst Grant Saligari being fingered as one of the reasons. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Xenophon negotiates $100m for advanced manufacturing Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:56 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 00:22 Myer earnings report Myer earnings report Retailer Myer is on track to deliver full-year profit growth, for the first time since 2010. Up Next Xenophon negotiates $100m for advanced manufacturing Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:56 Video duration 00:56 Xenophon negotiates $100m for advanced ... Xenophon negotiates $100m for advanced manufacturing Senator Nick Xenophon praises the government's decision to allocate $100m for advanced manufacturing in the 2017 Federal Budget. Up Next Drop in iPhone sales hits share price Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:24 Video duration 01:24 Drop in iPhone sales hits share price Drop in iPhone sales hits share price Apple has reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales for its second quarter, indicating that customers may have held back purchases in anticipation of the 10th-anniversary edition of the company's most important product later this year. Up Next Here's how Apple's numbers impact its suppliers Play Video Don't Play Video duration 04:06 Video duration 04:06 Here's how Apple's numbers impact its ... Here's how Apple's numbers impact its suppliers Apple reported falling iPhone sales, highlighting the need to deliver blockbuster new features in the next edition of the flagship device if the company is to fend off rivals like Samsung. Up Next Apple falls, Wall Street rallies Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:09 Video duration 01:09 Apple falls, Wall Street rallies Apple falls, Wall Street rallies Disappointing iPhone sales has led to a drop in Apple shares. Up Next Victorian budget 2017: Josh Gordon's analysis Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:27 Video duration 01:27 Victorian budget 2017: Josh Gordon's ... Victorian budget 2017: Josh Gordon's analysis What were the big ticket items from this year's Victorian budget? State political editor Josh Gordon boils it down. Up Next Victorian budget 2017: Winners and losers Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:45 Video duration 02:45 Victorian budget 2017: Winners and losers Victorian budget 2017: Winners and losers Who are the winners and losers from this year's Victorian state budget? Up Next Interest rates going nowhere Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:27 Video duration 01:27 Interest rates going nowhere Interest rates going nowhere The Reserve Bank continues to keep interest rates on hold. Eryk Bagshaw explains the logic. More videos Myer earnings report Retailer Myer is on track to deliver full-year profit growth, for the first time since 2010. In the no-holds-barred note to clients, Mr Saligari said the arrival of TK Maxx and Amazon would create significant problems for Myer. In the note, Mr Saligari lists the issues as including: "the entry of TK Maxx and Amazon, Myer's overly large store portfolio and, in the near term, a deteriorating spending environment". Related Content DJs and Myer battling it out for top staff Why Solly Lew would make a Myer play "It is likely to be all too much for Myer," he said. Myer is due to release its third quarter sales results on Thursday. Advertisement TK Maxx has landed in Australia with 35 stores converted from Trade Secret stores while Amazon recently formally confirmed its plans to tackle Australia. "They are both selling premium branded product, with TK Maxx at significantly discounted prices," he said. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link The defection comes just days before Myer's autumn-winter collection launch.  Photo: Eddie Jim "Amazon is likely to accelerate a consumer spending shift to online - customer affinity being particularly strong in home wear, clothing and beauty - all with a high overlap with Myer." Credit Suisse predicts Amazon could snap up a 10 per cent share of the clothing and non-electrical homewares market within five years. Myer did not had a particularly effective online model with which to counter the threat and would probably have to accelerate store closures as it tried to cope and improve its digital sales effort dramatically, he said. The company was already moving in this direction noting they were planning to cut two stores a year over the next two years, he said. "The risk is that the starting point might be just too difficult, with the recent acceleration in competition," he said. Mr Saligari slashed his target price for Myer from $1.44 to just 82 cents. He noted that Myer takes up to seven days for a standard online delivery and up to five days for click and collect. Mr Saligari said the main variables that could improve things for Myer would be an uptick in consumer spending or a move by Solomon Lew's Premier Investments to acquire the business. Mr Lew launched an audacious raid on Myer's register  in March and holds 11 per cent. He is yet to detail his plans for the investment. Myer declined to comment. Advertisement HuffPost Australia 'Prime Minister Trumble' Speaks At ... Contains: External link Ways To Beat Energy Price Rises Contains: External link Most Popular Bank rout wipes out $30 billion in value Quiz: How well do you know the federal budget? Retailers on verge of a 'recession' Dole demerit point system touted in latest budget leaks Crazy Clark's and Sam's Warehouse liquidation enters final stages Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Bank rout wipes out $30 billion in value Australians can't rely on Qantas as Dreamliner set to be a nightmare Dole demerit point system touted in latest budget leaks 'All too much for Myer' - Brutal note crashes Myer Quiz: How well do you know the federal budget? Canberra Times Computer glitch hits super payments of thousands of public servants The Canberra schools losing funds have been revealed No pants were the new pants at Canberra's Groovin The Moo The private battle of Canberra newsreader Craig Allen Australian customs destroys unique lichen specimens in quarantine mix-up The Sydney Morning Herald Trump protection in first 100 days soars to $40 million Australian customs destroys unique lichen specimens in quarantine mix-up Qantas boss Alan Joyce jokes he needs a decent drycleaner after cream pie incident 'Mini-Anzac Bridge' unveiled as next link in the track for the metro Woman indecently assaulted on Sydney Harbour Bridge: police The Age Collingwood legend Lou Richards dies 'All too much for Myer' - Brutal note crashes Myer Tram ticket inspectors 'demand to see woman's banking details' Qantas boss Alan Joyce jokes he needs a decent drycleaner after cream pie incident Trump protection in first 100 days soars to $40 million Brisbane Times Church leader raped choir girls: Qld court Accusations fly as bitter contractual dispute with BCC deepens Man in custody after woman bashed at Airbnb in Brisbane 'All too much for Myer' - Brutal note crashes Myer Missing army officer may have led a 'double life': inquest WA Today SAT finds Lisa Scaffidi guilty of 45 serious breaches of Local Government Act Panty sniffer the 'most disgusting thing I've seen' Boat lost on Freo road 'at least stopped at traffic lights' Qantas boss Alan Joyce jokes he needs a decent drycleaner after cream pie incident Vaginal mesh implant destroyed my life: Perth mum speaks out Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Business Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street Blunt Instrument Satire Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Federal Budget 2017 Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Comment Insight World  Mining Banking Aviation Energy Media China Budget Events Home Business News Banking May 8 2017 Save Print License article Westpac tips housing to cool as it unveils $4.017b profit Mathew Dunckley Follow on Facebook Follow on Google Plus Follow on Twitter facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Westpac has tipped the country's housing market to cool but not crash as it unveiled an $4.017 billion cash profit for the first half of the financial year. The profit result was up 3 per cent of the year in line with the 3 per cent lift in revenue $10.77 billion. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Xenophon negotiates $100m for advanced manufacturing Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:56 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 04:07 Banks face tighter capital rules Banks face tighter capital rules JPMorgan Australia Banks Analyst Scott Manning discusses his outlook for Australia and New Zealand banks and talks about the housing market. Up Next Xenophon negotiates $100m for advanced manufacturing Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:56 Video duration 00:56 Xenophon negotiates $100m for advanced ... Xenophon negotiates $100m for advanced manufacturing Senator Nick Xenophon praises the government's decision to allocate $100m for advanced manufacturing in the 2017 Federal Budget. Up Next Drop in iPhone sales hits share price Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:24 Video duration 01:24 Drop in iPhone sales hits share price Drop in iPhone sales hits share price Apple has reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales for its second quarter, indicating that customers may have held back purchases in anticipation of the 10th-anniversary edition of the company's most important product later this year. Up Next Here's how Apple's numbers impact its suppliers Play Video Don't Play Video duration 04:06 Video duration 04:06 Here's how Apple's numbers impact its ... Here's how Apple's numbers impact its suppliers Apple reported falling iPhone sales, highlighting the need to deliver blockbuster new features in the next edition of the flagship device if the company is to fend off rivals like Samsung. Up Next Apple falls, Wall Street rallies Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:09 Video duration 01:09 Apple falls, Wall Street rallies Apple falls, Wall Street rallies Disappointing iPhone sales has led to a drop in Apple shares. Up Next Victorian budget 2017: Josh Gordon's analysis Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:27 Video duration 01:27 Victorian budget 2017: Josh Gordon's ... Victorian budget 2017: Josh Gordon's analysis What were the big ticket items from this year's Victorian budget? State political editor Josh Gordon boils it down. Up Next Victorian budget 2017: Winners and losers Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:45 Video duration 02:45 Victorian budget 2017: Winners and losers Victorian budget 2017: Winners and losers Who are the winners and losers from this year's Victorian state budget? Up Next Interest rates going nowhere Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:27 Video duration 01:27 Interest rates going nowhere Interest rates going nowhere The Reserve Bank continues to keep interest rates on hold. Eryk Bagshaw explains the logic. More videos Banks face tighter capital rules JPMorgan Australia Banks Analyst Scott Manning discusses his outlook for Australia and New Zealand banks and talks about the housing market. "This is a solid result given the current complex operating environment," Westpac chief executive Brian Harrtzer said. "We have been disciplined in balancing growth and returns with cash earnings up 3 per ent over both the previous half and the same period last year." Related Content NAB lifts profit to $3.29 billion despite bad debt rise ANZ Bank has the cash to buy back shares, analysts say IG Markets' Chris Weston said expectations were for a $4.021 billion profit. although the bank did match prediction of 94 cent dividend and a 14 per cent returns on equity. Investors cautiously welcomed the news lifting the stock 14 cents - about 0.41 per cent - to $34 by late morning. Advertisement Mr Hartzer sounded a positive note on the economic outlook saying the bank expected slightly above trend at 3 per cent. Although he noted that could be mixed across the country.  SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Brian Hartzer, chief executive officer of Westpac. Photo: Bloomberg "We remain positive about the Australian housing market, although we expect price growth to moderate through 2017," he said. "2017 financial system credit is expected to grow at around 5.5 per cent. Housing credit growth is likely to ease a little as demand slows." Customers more than 90 days before on their loans remained low by historical standards and 70 per cent of the bank's customers were ahead on their repayments, he said. The result came after the Australia and New Zealand Banking Group (ANZ) posted a $3.4 billion profit last week and National Australia Bank announced a $3.29 billion profit a few days later. Both those banks played up a focus on costs in their results as margins were crunched and growth hard to find and Mr Hartzer did likewise in a statement to the ASX on Monday morning. The bank flagged that its expenses were up just 1 per cent for the half well ahead of its goal to keep cost increases between 2 and 3 per cent. "Our consumer and business banks continued to grow in targeted areas but margins were affected by higher funding costs," he said. "The benefits of our strategy are also clear in this result. We've digitised more processes which is improving service for customers while also bringing costs down." The bank's net interest margin reduced to 2.07 per cent in the face of what it described as a "sharp" increase in its funding costs. Citi analysts, led by Craig Williams, said that decline in margin was the "key surprise" but predicted they could "rebound a little" this year. "But the risk to already weak sector revenue trends is heightening given regulatory actions," they said, in an apparent reference to action by the prudential regulator to tighten lending rules. "As with peers, the share price strength defies challenging operating conditions for the industry." Overall they described the bank's revenue performance was disappointing but the performance on cost control was good. The consumer bank provided the bulk of earnings for the half ($1.5 billion, up 5 per cent compared to the same half last year) while the institutional bank was the fastest growing ($700 million in earnings, up 34 per cent compared to lage year). The bank posted 6 per cent loan growth in its consumer bank, 3 per cent in its business bank and 7 per cent in its New Zealand operation.But the institutional bank went backwards by 5 per cent. More to come Advertisement HuffPost Australia 'Prime Minister Trumble' Speaks At ... Contains: External link Ways To Beat Energy Price Rises Contains: External link Most Popular Bank rout wipes out $30 billion in value Quiz: How well do you know the federal budget? Retailers on verge of a 'recession' Dole demerit point system touted in latest budget leaks Australians can't rely on Qantas as Dreamliner set to be a nightmare Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Bank rout wipes out $30 billion in value Australians can't rely on Qantas as Dreamliner set to be a nightmare Dole demerit point system touted in latest budget leaks 'All too much for Myer' - Brutal note crashes Myer Quiz: How well do you know the federal budget? Canberra Times Computer glitch hits super payments of thousands of public servants No pants were the new pants at Canberra's Groovin The Moo The private battle of Canberra newsreader Craig Allen The Canberra schools losing funds have been revealed Australian customs destroys unique lichen specimens in quarantine mix-up The Sydney Morning Herald Trump protection in first 100 days soars to $40 million Australian customs destroys unique lichen specimens in quarantine mix-up Qantas boss Alan Joyce jokes he needs a decent drycleaner after cream pie incident 'Mini-Anzac Bridge' unveiled as next link in the track for the metro Woman indecently assaulted on Sydney Harbour Bridge: police The Age Collingwood legend Lou Richards dies 'All too much for Myer' - Brutal note crashes Myer Tram ticket inspectors 'demand to see woman's banking details' Qantas boss Alan Joyce jokes he needs a decent drycleaner after cream pie incident Trump protection in first 100 days soars to $40 million Brisbane Times Church leader raped choir girls: Qld court Accusations fly as bitter contractual dispute with BCC deepens Man in custody after woman bashed at Airbnb in Brisbane 'All too much for Myer' - Brutal note crashes Myer Missing army officer may have led a 'double life': inquest WA Today SAT finds Lisa Scaffidi guilty of 45 serious breaches of Local Government Act Panty sniffer the 'most disgusting thing I've seen' Boat lost on Freo road 'at least stopped at traffic lights' Qantas boss Alan Joyce jokes he needs a decent drycleaner after cream pie incident Vaginal mesh implant destroyed my life: Perth mum speaks out Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive Records show history of incidents at Bright Futures Sunday May 7, 2017 at 12:01 AM May 7, 2017 at 10:35 PM Charity Lindsey Staff Writer @DP_CharityMatthew Cabe Staff Writer @DP_MatthewCabe APPLE VALLEY — Local law enforcement continues to respond to a private school here following an initial report of 132 calls for service that triggered suspension of the school’s state certification. Between March 12 and April 24, San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department deputies responded to an additional 10 calls at Bright Futures Academy, according to Apple Valley Station Capt. Frank Bell. While at least two incidents required deputies’ presence, according to Bell, half of the 10 calls were either false alarms or unmerited 911 calls from students, which Bright Futures Chief Operating Officer Pamela Lamberth previously said “inflated” the initial report. The report led the town to announce its intent to revoke the school’s business license, which Bright Futures appealed. The April 11 appeal letter states school staff “have called numerous times in the evening when our building was broken into (or) vandalized,” adding to Lamberth’s claim that the initial report “looks like there’s more calls.” The letter also proposes a plan to reduce calls for service to the school by hiring a deputy and an after-hours security guard for the campus, regularly attending Town Hall meetings and preemptively addressing concerns with the Sheriff’s Department each month. Meanwhile, Bell detailed a March 14 incident that involved a 14-year-old student throwing rocks from atop a building at the Apple Valley campus. “Four units and a fire engine had to respond with a ladder,” Bell told the Daily Press. “He ended up complying and was upset over some kids that had picked on him.” The incident follows a similar one in February 2016 during which a separate student broke his leg after jumping off a roof at the campus, according to a previous Daily Press report. Bell said it “seems kids get on their roof on a regular basis.”    Bright Futures is a nonpublic, nonsectarian school (NPS) that uses state funds to serve students with various disabilities. The California Department of Education suspended the school’s certification, effective April 28, citing conduct “harmful” to students with exceptional needs, though Bright Futures President Betti Colucci is confident that the Department’s ongoing investigation will reveal “nothing close” to the allegations made. A 2015 lawsuit also alleges harmful conduct at Bright Futures’ now-closed Victorville site in July 2013. The suit claims a school employee left Willie Walker, a 13-year-old student, unattended while they left to turn on the air conditioner, returning to find he’d suffered a seizure and a third-degree burn on his left leg, Riverside County court documents show. Attorneys for the school deny all allegations, including those of negligence and battery. A trial is scheduled to begin in June, court records show. But the gravest incident remains the death of 18-year-old Anthony Corona, a non-verbal, autistic student at Bright Futures’ main campus in Riverside, who became unruly while aboard a bus on Dec. 9, 2016, according to CDE documents. Corona isn’t named in CDE documents; however, the date and nature of the incident, which led to an investigation of the Riverside campus, parallel those found in a San Bernardino Police Department report. The driver stopped the bus to assist two aides who were attempting to calm Corona, CDE documents show. They implemented “emergency interventions,” which included the driver climbing onto Corona’s seat and pushing his back forward as Corona bit and scratched staff. At some point during the intervention, however, Corona became unresponsive, and staff called 911 and administered CPR. Corona was later transported to St. Bernardine Medical Center, where he was pronounced dead, according to a San Bernardino County Sheriff-Coroner report that listed the cause of death as “positional asphyxia while being restrained” and ruled it a homicide. A case was turned down, though, due to “insufficient evidence to prove guilt beyond a reasonable doubt,” San Bernardino County District Attorney’s Office spokesperson Christopher Lee. CDE investigation documents from March show that the “NPS acknowledged the emergency restraint used by the bus driver was an improper restraint,” and certification of the Bright Futures Riverside campus was suspended. Dale Nowicki, attorney for Corona’s family, said he hoped to work with Bright Futures to “get some closure” for the family, but he added school officials “have not been receptive to informal discussions.” But Colucci said the school immediately reached out to Corona’s family and offered support following “the tragic accident,” including making arrangements for the funeral. “We held a ceremony at school where we released balloons in his honor, and this summer installed a portrait of Anthony in our conference room as a reminder to our staff and students,” Colucci said. “While nothing we say or do can ever bring Anthony back, Bright Futures Academy has provided comfort and aid to his family, while we in the school community mourn the loss of our student and classmate.” Just as with its more recent investigations at the Apple Valley and Riverside sites, in March of last year CDE made an unannounced visit to Bright Futures’ now-shuttered campus in Perris in response to concerns of multiple alleged violations of special education law. A June 2016 letter from CDE shows evidence did not support allegations that a staff member physically abused students and encouraged them to “beat each other up.”   However, interviews between CDE, school staff and students showed “student behaviors were out of control on multiple occasions.” The letter states there was no incident report for a third grade student who, according to the interviews, sustained minor injuries on one occasion. CDE demanded Bright Futures provide a “plan of action” for correcting its noncompliance by August, but days before the plan was due, Colucci sent an email to the Department to state its Perris site would close effective August 31, 2016. “The students have either been transitioned to the BFA Riverside school or back to public school as determined by the (Individualized Education Program) team,” Colucci wrote in the email. “The closure of the Perris campus did not have anything to do with a CDE investigation,” Colucci told the Daily Press last week. “We closed Perris because it only had 20 students, and it was not cost effective … It was strictly a financial decision.” Charity Lindsey may be contacted at CLindsey@VVDailyPress.com or 760-951-6245. Follow her on Twitter @DP_Charity. Matthew Cabe can be reached at MCabe@VVDailyPress.com or at 760-951-6254. Follow him on Twitter @DP_MatthewCabe. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 8 May 2017 | MYT 12:44 PM Apple starting US tech manufacturing fund with US$1bil Apple planned to borrow money for the new fund despite having a fortune in coffers overseas because of the tax hit that the company would suffer if it brought profit home, according to Cook. — Reuters SAN FRANCISCO: Apple chief Tim Cook announced Apple is creating a fund to get more people in the US to do “advanced manufacturing,” kicking it off with a billion dollars.  Apple investing in high-tech manufacturing in the United States would come as rare common ground with US President Donald Trump, who hammered away at the theme during his campaign for office last year.  ”We are creating an advanced manufacturing fund,” Cook said in an interview broadcast on CNBC.  ”We are initially putting one billion dollars in the fund.”  Cook pointed out that Apple spent more than US$50bil (RM216.70bil) in the US last year – buying from suppliers such as Corning Glass, working with developers behind applications for the California company’s devices and more.  Apple has about 80,000 employees in the US and plans to hire thousands more “in the future,” according to Cook.  ”A company should have values because a company is a collection of people, and people should have values,” Cook said.  ”One of the thing you should do is give back.”  Apple planned to borrow money for the new fund despite having a fortune in coffers overseas because of the tax hit that the company would suffer if it brought profit home, according to Cook.  And while Cook has been among Silicon Valley stars critical of Trump when it comes to limiting immigration, he endorsed a push for comprehensive tax reform.  ”To invest in the US, we have to borrow,” Cook said.  ”Comprehensive tax reform is so important to this economy.”  The first investment of the new fund will be announced later this month, according to Apple.   Showing up  Cook described it as wise to explore common ground with the administration while standing up when there are disagreements.  ”Most people, if you disagree and say why, you have a good chance at influencing things,” Cook said  ”You look to find common ground; if you don’t show up, I think that is the worst scenario because then you are quiet, and it doesn’t do your cause any good.”  Taiwan’s tech giant Foxconn in January announced a US$7bil (RM30.33bil) investment to make flat panels in the United States in a joint project with Japan’s SoftBank.  Foxconn is the world’s largest contract electronics maker and is best-known for assembling products for international brands such as Apple and Sony.   Apple last week reported a rise in quarterly profits, but logged weaker iPhone sales ahead of a 10-year-anniversary model on the horizon.  During a conference call with analysts, Cook said Apple was seeing a “pause” in iPhone purchases that he felt was caused by unconfirmed “reports about future iPhones.”  Still, the company contended that iPhone sales were better than it had expected, and skewed toward large-screen iPhone 7 models that have higher margins of profit.  It is a sign of Apple’s success but also a thorny problem: its cash stockpile has hit a staggering US$256.8bil (RM1.11tril), sparking debate on what do with such massive reserves.  Apple’s quarterly report Tuesday showed its cash holdings – the vast majority held overseas – jumped to a sum that tops the entire economic output of Chile.  The tech giant has resisted the idea of bringing the cash home, because of disincentives in the US tax code – it allows multinational firms to defer profits while they are held overseas but taxes income at up to 35% when repatriated. — AFP Related Stories You May Be Interested India's green car plan prioritises electric vehicles over hybrids ‘Revenge porn’ on ‘mass scale’ in Australia: survey Citi lists Netflix, Tesla as potential takeover targets for Apple Too much screen time causing speech delays in children: study PlayStation sets E3 2017 date, June 12 Seven reasons to get an iPhone now Others Also Read Pakistan summon all-rounder Nawaz as part of corruption probe Pairin: Keep religion out of cultural Kaamatan festival India mulls law to penalise food wastage advertisement Latest News Comcast, Charter announce wireless partnership Austrian court rules Facebook must delete hate postings Blackpills streaming platform launches, has mobile viewers in its sights Facebook crashes, Twitter suffers short outage Dota 2 expands appeal with storyline expansion Most Viewed in Tech ‘Revenge porn’ on ‘mass scale’ in Australia: survey Facebook crashes, Twitter suffers short outage Austrian court rules Facebook must delete hate postings Dota 2 expands appeal with storyline expansion Apple’s dilemma: what to do with US$256bil cash pile Use your old router to boost your WiFi at home PlayStation sets E3 2017 date, June 12 Comcast, Charter announce wireless partnership Too much screen time causing speech delays in children: study Blackpills streaming platform launches, has mobile viewers in its sights Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
