Recent Posts Off-beat: Redmi Pro and Nokia 6 crack nuts because that’s a good idea for Weibo ZTE ZMAX PRO beta program may bring Android Nougat to a budget phone Android Nougat on Honor 8 in Japan starting today LG once again feels the need to declare G6’s battery safe LG Android Wear 2.0 watch seems imminent with FCC application Recent Comments Anonymous on Foxconn buys Sharp for a fraction of the price discussed just last month Anonymous on Apple’s on the bugfix prowl with new iOS 9.3.1 release Anonymous on Second iPhone SE teardown concludes 4-incher is harder to repair than iPhone 6s Anonymous on Retail availability hasn’t done much to help iPhone SE sales Anonymous on Foxconn investing $1.8 billion for Sharp OLED panels by 2019 Archives January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 Categories Android BlackBerry Interview iOS Phones Reviews Tablets Uncategorized Wearables webOS Windows Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org logo sidebar Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Navigation Reviews Editorials Videos Podcast Deals Phones 1470 Apple will beat Windows device shipments this year with iOS and macOS, Gartner projects by Adrian DiaconescuJanuary 9, 2017 6:13 am Contents Full Article Rating Comments Advertisement Apple has always been about hardware profits first, volumes second, refusing time and time again to release lower-cost iPhones tailor-made for emerging mobile markets, also keeping the price (and quality) bar of iPads and Macs constantly high. But margins are nothing if you don’t sell enough products to actually accumulate hefty financial gains, and with the exception of the just-ended year, the Cupertino-based tech giant has managed to steadily increase its shipment numbers in addition to the bottom line. 2017 should not only mark a return of that all-winning Apple trend, according to Gartner’s latest industry projections, but “for the first time this century”, push iOS and macOS devices ahead of Microsoft’s Windows-powered products in global sales. If these predictions are correct, Apple will rack up 268 million unit shipments this year, up from 248 in 2016, and 252 for Windows, which will apparently sink yet again, from an already modest 260 million total. The gap between the new silver medalist and the bronze underachiever may grow to 24, then 28 million units in 2018 and 2019 respectively, as the combined iOS + macOS tally should continue to jump at a decent pace, while Microsoft is expected to stop the Windows bleeding, but settle for stagnation. Of course, Android will comfortably remain in the lead, although its own growth has considerably slowed down of late, with no apparent hopes of a short-term acceleration. Advertisement likethis What's your reaction? Love It 36% Like It 4% Want It 7% Had It 14% Hated It 39% SourceComputer World Posted In Android, iOS, Phones, Tablets, Windows Tags Android, Apple, iOS, MacOS, market reports, Microsoft, News, sales, sales forecast, sales numbers, sales projections, windows Android, Apple, iOS, MacOS, market reports, Microsoft, News, sales, sales forecast, sales numbers, sales projections, windows About The Author Adrian Diaconescu Adrian has had an insatiable passion for writing since he was in school and found himself writing philosophical essays about the meaning of life and the differences between light and dark beer. Later, he realized this was pretty much his only marketable skill, so he first created a personal blog (in Romanian) and then discovered his true calling, which is writing about all things tech (in English). You might also like AndroidAppleiOSMacOSmarket reportsAndroidiOSPhonesTabletsWindows   Read More ZTE ZMAX PRO beta program may bring Android Nougat to a budget phone   Read More Android Nougat on Honor 8 in Japan starting today   Read More Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro timidly goes official in China with 16MP rear and 16MP front cameras   Read More Samsung buying Harman? Not so fast, says a group of the latter’s shareholders   Read More New high-res Samsung Galaxy S8 Edge case renders crop up, missing home button   Read More Panasonic Toughpad FZ-A2 launches in the US at $2,190 with rugged design, enterprise features CES Advertisement Recent Posts Sort   Off-beat: Redmi Pro and Nokia 6 crack nuts because that’s a good idea for Weibo ZTE ZMAX PRO beta program may bring Android Nougat to a budget phone Android Nougat on Honor 8 in Japan starting today LG once again feels the need to declare G6’s battery safe 12345 1234 Recommended Videos Connect with Pocketnow Advertisement Recent Podcast Episodes Sort   Showing off the HTC U Ultra, RIP Froyo, and some early MWC 2017 teasers | #PNWeekly 235 CES 2017 wrap up on the road from Las Vegas | #PNWeekly 234 Best of 2016 and prepping for CES 2017 | #PNWeekly 233 12345 1234 Recent Interviews Sort   Redditor dissatisfied that his Google Pixel speaker issue ends in refund Interview: Rehan Asad Assistant VP of Broadband Strategy for AT&T on Gigabit Broadband for LA Is Samsung Pay on a non-Samsung phone a pipe dream? 12345 1234 Recent Videos Sort   Off-beat: Redmi Pro and Nokia 6 crack nuts because that’s a good idea for Weibo The new BlackBerry, ASUS ZenFone AR, ShadeCraft and more – CES 2017 Wrap-up (Video) Must Read:HTC U Play and HTC U Ultra hands-on (Video) 12345 1234 Get in touch About Us Contact Us Tip Us Follow Us ©2017 Pocketnow.com, All rights reserved Pocketnow.com - Smartphone, Tablet, and Wearable reviews, videos, editorials, and news Compare Go
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,274.64 4.20 (0.18%) Dow 30 19,885.73 -5.27 (-0.03%) Nasdaq 5,574.12 26.63 (0.48%) Fossil’s fashion-first smartwatches are doing what tech companies never could Malarie Gokey Digital TrendsJanuary 9, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share fossil fashion first smartwatches are doing what tech companies never could ces atMore Malarie Gokey/Digital Trends When Fossil Group said its brands would launch 100 wearables in 2016, everyone thought the company was completely nuts. After all, if Apple only launches one smartwatch every year, how can Fossil and its brands expect to launch 100? The only problem with that logic, is that it’s a tech geek’s logic. Tech geeks are conditioned to expect a bevy of new features with every single product launch. The concept of design being a noteworthy feature that merits its own launch event is entirely foreign. But that’s just it — Fossil is a fashion company, not a tech company. Fossil thinks about design first and last with every wearable it makes. That’s why it releases new analog smart watches and Android Wear smartwatches every season. Fossil makes decisions based on color trends, materials, different dial designs, and other fashionable features. So what if the tech hasn’t changed between seasons? The styles and fashions have. More: Fossil could be the only company that really gets wearables right in 2017 While tech companies like Apple, Samsung, LG, and others think about wearables as one-size-fits-all devices; Fossil is innovating in the space and making wearables that are truly wearable. After all, wearables go on your body; you wear them publicly, so shouldn’t you be proud of the watch you’re rocking? Fossil thinks so, and that’s why its smartwatches are more likely to attract women, serious watch collectors, and anyone who cares about fashion. Different strokes for different folks Fashion is all about self-expression. It’s about what you want to project to the world. Everyone has a distinct sense of style that’s entirely original, and wearables have to reflect that. Not every man likes shiny watch casings; not every woman likes big statement watches, and it’s time tech companies saw the light. So far, Apple and Motorola have come closest in the tech world with their different strap options, casing colors, and personalization options; but neither one holds a candle to Fossil. fossil fashion first smartwatches are doing what tech companies never could ces atMore Malarie Gokey/Digital Trends fossil fashion first smartwatches are doing what tech companies never could ces atMore Malarie Gokey/Digital Trends fossil fashion first smartwatches are doing what tech companies never could ces atMore Read More Malarie Gokey/Digital Trends fossil fashion first smartwatches are doing what tech companies never could ces atMore Malarie Gokey/Digital Trends Fossil offers hundreds of watch straps, all of which work with its smart analog and Android Wear smartwatches. The breadth of customization based on straps alone is huge. Then you have the dozens of smart analog watches Fossil has released in a number of colors and styles, all of which have different watch dial designs. Fossil has something for everyone: women who like big watches, women who like slim watches, men who like chunky flashy watches, men who like subtle darker watches, and so on and so on. The array of colors is also a big deal. Fossil has rose gold, gold, silver, matte, shiny, dark blue, black, and other casings for the watch itself. More: Fossil launches 3 hybrid smartwatches that work with your Android phone If you don’t like Fossil’s design aesthetic, you can always get more smartwatches from its other brands, including Kate Spade, Skagen, Armani, and many more. Your choices are many and varied, because you’re buying a piece of jewelry. Tech geeks think about smartwatches in terms of utility, but there’s so much more to it than that. After all, you wouldn’t expect H&M to produce only one shirt in one color, would you? Watches are no different. The more colors and styles you have in store, the more likely you are to draw new customers. Size matters It’s not just color. While Fossil and other fashion brands are making gorgeous smartwatches for women almost more so than for men, tech companies seem to forget that half of the world’s population exists. Initially, tech companies only made “unisex” smartwatches that skewed male and were often uncomfortable to wear on small wrists. Then, after Apple started targeting women with fashionable straps and a smaller watch size, all the other tech companies began to make rose gold or sparkly (and sometimes both) smartwatches for women, which weren’t any smaller or more comfortable for smaller wrists. Fashion first Tech companies still don’t get it: Wearables are fashion. It’s time they look to fashion brands to learn how business is done in an industry that cares more about seasons than pixels. In spring, you may want to jazz things up with a bright, light, colorful design; but in winter, you may want something warmer and deeper in color. Spotting fashion trends is key if tech companies want to grab the attention of non-techy people who might not otherwise consider a smartwatch. Fossil and its brands are leading the charge, and they’ll reap the benefits. Fossil is just getting started. The watchmaker told us that the smart analog watches it sells are doing really well with traditional watch fans. Getting watch aficionados interested in Android Wear smartwatches may take more time, but Fossil is taking the long view. It takes time to change mores in the fashion industry, and even longer for watchmakers, which have honed their hallowed tradition for centuries. It’s hard to force innovation on these companies, but that makes it all the more exciting to see high-tech features infiltrating their portfolios. And there’s more to come. We expect to see many more smart analog watches and fashionable Android Wear devices at the watch industry trade show Baselworld in March. Fossil’s big bet on techie watches is just the beginning of a revolution in the watch industry. See at Fossil Fossil could be the only company that really gets wearables right in 2017 Want a high-fashion smartwatch? Fossil collaborates with Emporio Armani, others HP partners with Movado to launch new line of connected smartwatches Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Seeking Warmth and Fashion Inspiration? Try the Oversized Puffer Yahoo Style Make Every Play a Highlight Best BuySponsored Dolce&Gabbana court millennials, Plein launches activewear Associated Press Why Awards Darling Isabelle Huppert Will Never 'Suffer' For Fashion Yahoo Style Prada goes in search of the naïve, Missoni bursts with color Associated Press Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Mandy Moore On the One Fashion Staple She Just Can't Wear Yahoo Style Why one analyst believes the Trump rally could turn into the Trump correction CNBC The 20 cities with the highest cost of living Yahoo Finance Everything you need for your home DIRECTVSponsored Report: CIA set up task-force in 2016 to investigate possible Russian funding of Trump's campaign Business Insider Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Reuters Growth of Smart Homes in Asia Bloomberg Video 2017 Honda Accord Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored 3 ways Donald Trump will be positive for the M&A market Yahoo Finance Trump gets sworn in — What you need to know in markets this week Yahoo Finance Showdown in the South China Sea: China’s artificial islands explained CubsTalk: Another Obama Era mess that Trump has to deal with. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 390 Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Sydney Morning Herald News site of the year Business Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News NSW News National Environment Health Education Investigations Good Weekend Galleries Clique Photos Victoria News Queensland ACT News WA News Sport NRL Union AFL Football Cricket Racing Motorsport Basketball Netball Cycling Tennis Scores Golf US Sports Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Race to the White House Migrant Crisis Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorials Column 8 Obituaries Peter Hartcher Ross Gittins Jessica Irvine John Birmingham Satire Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage What's On in Sydney Video Shop Art Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games Smartphone Apps Mobiles IT Pro Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets January 10 2017 Save Print Atlassian buying project management app maker Trello for $577 million Dina Bass facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Atlassian, maker of work collaboration software Jira and HipChat, agreed to acquire Trello, which offers a popular project management app, for $US425 million ($577 million). The purchase price consisted of $US360 million in cash and the rest in restricted stock and options, Atlassian president Jay Simons said in an interview. The deal may increase earnings, excluding some costs, in Atlassian's fiscal 2018 year. It was expected to close this quarter, subject to regulatory approval and certain closing conditions, Atlassian said. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Kogan boasts better-than-expected profits Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:22 More BusinessDay Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:11 Atlassian CEO: Turnbull's innovation ... Atlassian CEO: Turnbull's innovation statement doesn't go far enough Atlassian's Mike Cannon-Brookes says Australia should be producing at least one percent of the world's technology. Up Next Kogan boasts better-than-expected profits Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:22 Video duration 00:22 Kogan boasts better-than-expected profits Kogan boasts better-than-expected profits Online retailer Kogan says trading in November and December "exceeded expectations" and is expected to make $8-9m before tax in 2017. Vision courtesy ABC News 24. Up Next Negative outlook for Australian banks Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:32 Video duration 00:32 Negative outlook for Australian banks Negative outlook for Australian banks Rating agency Fitch has downgraded its outlook for Australian banks to negative. Vision courtesy ABC News 24. Up Next Yahoo renames itself Altaba Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:09 Video duration 01:09 Yahoo renames itself Altaba Yahoo renames itself Altaba The Silicon Valley pioneer also said CEO Marissa Mayer and some other directors will leave the board after it closes its deal with Verizon. Up Next Japan introduces 'premium Friday' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:40 Video duration 02:40 Japan introduces 'premium Friday' Japan introduces 'premium Friday' The country that coined the word "karoshi," or death by overwork, is looking for ways to give stressed out employees a break. Up Next Lululemon losing its groove? Play Video Don't Play Video duration 05:39 Video duration 05:39 Lululemon losing its groove? Lululemon losing its groove? in 2015, Bloomberg asked why Lululemon founder Chip Wilson walked away from the company he created. Up Next Trump to be sworn in as 45th President Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:39 Video duration 02:39 Trump to be sworn in as 45th President Trump to be sworn in as 45th President All eyes are on the inauguration speech, where we know anything can happen. What will this mean for the âTrump tradeâ? (This video was produced in commercial partnership between Fairfax Media and IG Markets) Up Next Aussie dollar up Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:33 Video duration 01:33 Aussie dollar up Aussie dollar up A weakness in the greenback due to US policy uncertainty boosts the Australian dollar to trade at US74.8c on Friday morning. Video courtesy ABC News 24. More videos Atlassian CEO: Turnbull's innovation statement doesn't go far enough Atlassian's Mike Cannon-Brookes says Australia should be producing at least one percent of the world's technology. Trello's app offers digital post-it notes and whiteboards to organise tasks and priorities. It has 19 million users, a number that almost doubled in the past year. The start-up sells free and paid versions and the products will remain standalone offerings after the deal. Atlassian, founded in 2002 in Sydney, began as a maker of programs that help engineers and technical workers collaborate and track projects. Related Content Atlassian co-founders' wealth breaks $4b 'It's a great time to acquire companies' The company, forecast by analysts to top $US600 million in sales this fiscal year, went public in 2015 and is trying to broaden its appeal to more types of workers to grow sales and fend off competition. In 2012, Atlassian purchased HipChat, a corporate messaging program that competes with Slack. Atlassian shares are up 18 per cent from its $US21 IPO price. "Over half of Trello's users are in business teams, and we've been on this journey of expanding over the last five years from technical teams to get deeper into business teams," Mr Simons said. For Atlassian's own products, the number of users outside of technical teams is more like 35 per cent, he said. Advertisement New York-based Trello was spun out of Fog Creek Software in 2014 and has about 100 employees. It's raised $US10 million from backers including venture capital firms Index Ventures and Spark Capital. Chief executive Michael Pryor will join Atlassian and report to co-CEO Mike Cannon-Brookes. Trello's software is more structured and formal than Atlassian's Confluence product, but less so than Jira. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link Trello chief executive Michael Pryor will join Atlassian and report to its co-CEO Mike Cannon-Brookes (pictured). Photo: Josh Robenstone That made it a good addition to fill out the product line-up, Mr Simons said, noting that some customers used all three for different things. For example, he said a marketing team would use Trello to brainstorm priorities for a campaign, Confluence to create and revise a specific piece of marketing content and Jira to manage a really specific plan for the campaign's web development. Bloomberg Related Content Atlassian buys tiny start-up Statuspage Advertisement HuffPost Australia Man Spends 30 Hours Disputing False ... Contains: External link Health Minister Sussan Ley Resigns Over ... Contains: External link Most Popular Think you can spot a scam email? Take the test Challenging 2017 ahead for Australian banks: Fitch Lululemon props up struggling Aussie arm NAB and ANZ Bank hike fixed mortgage rates Pound tumbles on hard Brexit concerns Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow SMH Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business Lululemon props up struggling Aussie arm Think you can spot a scam email? Take the test Family sees red over aerosol sunscreen Bellamy's board to push to unmask the Black Prince Volatility a tweet away in inauguration week The Sydney Morning Herald Just stop with the misogyny onslaught that is Jacketgate Clem Ford: The toxic behaviour that cannot be excused or ignored Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Lululemon props up struggling Aussie arm CCTV shows serial sex attacker grabbing woman on Sydney street The Age Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Melbourne set to serve up a scorcher for Day Two of the tennis Abbott slapped down as Turnbull opts for 'minimalist' reshuffle Clem Ford: The toxic behaviour that cannot be excused or ignored Shannon Noll arrested outside Crazy Horse strip club in Adelaide Brisbane Times Severe storms bring heavy rain to south-east QLD Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Brisbane's new airport runway emerges from the sand Abbott slapped down as Turnbull opts for 'minimalist' reshuffle Just stop with the misogyny onslaught that is Jacketgate Canberra Times Trump dumps top officials in purge without precedent Mauled tenant's lawsuit against 'preventable' attack Just stop with the misogyny onslaught that is Jacketgate Canberra Airport pushes for fifth Singapore Airlines service Abbott slapped down as Turnbull opts for 'minimalist' reshuffle WA Today Top 8 WA areas to buy property in 2017 Perth pair wanted for holding a car and pet dog ransom Hillarys dog attack prompts calls for new horse beach Perth rubbish truck driver run over by speeding ute in Northbridge Just stop with the misogyny onslaught that is Jacketgate Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Sydney Morning Herald Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition SMH for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters Sydney Morning Herald Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
Tech Entertainment Business Social Deals Podcast About Apps & Software 10 paid iPhone apps on sale for free today Zach Epstein @zacharye January 9th, 2017 at 12:41 PM Share Tweet Happy 10th anniversary, iPhone! Apple fans around the world are celebrating the unveiling of the original iPhone, which took place on January 9th, 2007. And if you ask us, there’s no better way to celebrate than with a fresh new list of 10 paid iPhone and iPad apps that are currently on sale for free. Don't Miss: All the reasons people are ditching Android and switching to iPhones These are paid iPhone and iPad apps that have been made available for free for a limited time by their developers. There is no way to tell how long they will be free. These sales could end an hour from now or a week from now — obviously, the only thing we can guarantee is that they were free at the time this post was written. If you click on a link and see a price listed next to an app instead of the word “get,” it is no longer free. The sale has ended. If you download the app, you will be charged. Runtastic PRO Normally $4.99. Get in shape with Runtastic GPS Running & Fitness PRO app and start tracking your fitness activities (distance, time, speed, elevation, calories burned & more) – such as running, jogging, biking & walking using GPS. Plus it’s fully optimized for Apple Watch. PRO APP FEATURES: – Real Voice Coach: Audio feedback based on your personal preferences – Auto Pause: Session paused automatically when you stop moving – Ad free experience: No pop-up ads, just focus on your workout – Routes: Create or find exercise routes on Runtastic.com & sync to phone – Challenge a Run: Compete against yourself by challenging past activity results – Colored Traces: Colors indicate training changes, such as pace & elevation – Training goals: Select a calorie, distance or pace goal to optimize training – Interval training & coaching and dynamic split tables – Weather & temperature: Are you faster in colder or warmer temperatures? You can check and see in your post-activity summary. – Use for running, jogging, biking, skating, cross country skiing & hand bike training APP FEATURES: – Yearly Running Goal: You can do better than last year, right? Set a running goal for the entire year & we will keep you motivated and on track to reach it. – Shoe Tracking: Keep track of the mileage on your running shoes so you know when it’s time to retire your shoes and get a new pair. – Running Leaderboard: See who’s run the furthest this/last week or this month – Powersong: Integrated music player & Powersong to give workout a boost – Track workouts in real-time with built-in GPS & monitor your personal training diary – LIVE Tracking & Cheering: Share location, receive messages & cheers – Dashboard configuration: Display preferred training statistics – Mapping: Detailed live mapping & historic mapping (Apple Maps) – Enjoy cardio workouts with the integrated music player – Post-activity details: Enter mood & surface info, receive hydration recommendation – Geotagging: Take photos during workout & see pics online with map trace – Runtastic Wearable Connect: Display activity stats on Runtastic Orbit & Runtastic Moment, our 24/7 wearables – Integration with Apple Health – Integrate Runtastic activities to your MyFitnessPal account – Graphs: Elevation, pace, speed & heart rate info from your jog, run or walk – Manual entry of workouts: Add treadmill, spinning, weight lifting workouts & more – Monthly & overall metrics for distance, number of workouts, duration & calories burned Runtastic for Apple Watch – Effortlessly start a Runtastic activity directly from your wrist with Apple Watch – View details of your current activity in real time and enjoy instant access to tracking controls without taking your iPhone out of your pocket – Bring your iPhone with you in order to track your route via GPS – Control music & your personal Powersong with one click – Access statistics of your recent activities & monitor your progress with monthly workout stats Save all workouts on Runtastic.com. In the Runtastic online community, you’ll get further analysis, coaching & encouraging comparisons to friends! These benefits keep you motivated while striving to reach fat burning, cardio training or overall health & wellness goals. Should you choose to upgrade to a Premium Membership, payment will be charged to your iTunes account at confirmation of purchase. Your monthly subscription is $9.99 per month, while the yearly subscription is $49.99 per year. (Price may vary by location.) Your subscription renews automatically unless cancelled at least 24 hours prior to the end of the current period and cancellation of the current active subscription period is not allowed. Auto-renewal may be turned off in your Account Settings in iTunes after purchase. You can also manage your subscriptions in Account Settings after purchase. Download Runtastic PRO Weather Gods Normally $1.99. Meet the Gods: Fire, Ice, Water, Air & Moon delivering you the Weather as you have never experienced it before. Weather Gods redefines the weather app with painstakingly crafted data visualizations, procedural graphics and audio that enable you to literally see, hear and feel the weather. With no more weather icons to decode, the Weather Gods is simply the quickest, most engaging, most enjoyable way to get the accurate weather information you need. The Weather Gods skillfully integrates premium weather data into an elegant, iOS Exclusive, easy-to-use interface that will delight casual users and weather enthusiasts alike. With a wealth of rich weather data from the world’s most respected providers, the Weather Gods provide detailed site-based forecasts for over a million locations worldwide. Our advanced, next-generation notifications are easy to setup and bring you exactly the information you want right when you need it. With 24 hour charts, observed weather, built in moon phase, widget, world clock and much, much more, the Weather Gods is a powerful personal time machine that lets you travel the world and visit the future. Please come join us on this exciting journey as we begin our mission to bring you the finest, most practical, most enjoyable weather app experience ever. We can’t wait to hear what you think! Features * Day & Night summary for 7 Days with animated real-time weather backgrounds * 7 Day HOURLY Forecast via the amazing ‘Weather Wheel’ * Advanced user-friendly weather notifications * Weather based procedural soundscape * Detailed 24 hour charts & hourly charting * Moon phase, rise and fall * Observational (past) data * Off-line mode for explorers & professionals * World clock & international support * Powerful accessibility support * Dashboard Widget * 3D Touch Menu * Taptic Engine support * Combining the best global weather data sources available * Over 1 million weather-accurate locations * Complimentary 32 x sticker pack Download Weather Gods Continual Normally $7.99. Continual lets you post videos of any length to Instagram Stories. Now you don’t have to squeeze your stories to 10 seconds . Talk and record as long as you want, Upload it all Continual will take any video from camera roll and split it to clips of 10 seconds so that you can upload them to IG Stories effortlessly. A must have utility, if you promote your business through Stories. In Instagram Stories you can post videos only up to 10s in length, Continual app helps by cutting long videos in to 10s clips so that you can upload them sequentially. FEATURES: + Output videos in Highest Quality Possible + Upload old videos – Your videos don’t have to be taken with 24 hours + Clips are arranged in correct order so you can upload to Instagram stories in correct order with no hassle. + Record straight from the app and Split to clips immediately + Jump to Instagram easily after splitting the video. + Pick a video from any folder in your camera roll + No Ads – (We hate ’em). ADDITIONAL FEATURES: + Contact support in 2 taps – Email directly to developer’s inbox + Frequent updates and new features Download Continual On My Way Normally $0.99. Are you looking for ways to track your friends’ location or wanting to let them know of your real-time GPS location? Start using this incredible real-time GPS location tracker app – On My Way. With the “On My Way” app, you will no longer have to ask your friend’s or family members about where they are. So, next time, whenever someone asks you “Where are you?” or “When are you arriving?”, just send them your real-time location link using the On My Way app. It is a really easy to use location tracking app. ************************* HOW TO USE ************************* Still wondering how “On My Way” location tracking app works? Here are steps to use it – Open the app and enable GPS location access On My Way app generates a secret link with your real-time location Share the link with your friends through WhatsApp, SMS, Line, etc. Your friends can track your GPS coordinates on the map through the link The location is synced up on the map and and is updated every minute. Your friends can follow your progress easily. No login is required to use this location tracking app. *********************** APP FEATURES *********************** Still looking for reasons to start using the “On My Way” location tracking app? Here are features of the app that make it unique compared to all other location trackers – Easy to generate links and share No login required Ability to track location without the app Optimized for less data and battery consumption Perfect for GPS locator and GPS Vehicle location tracking All these features are available for free. So, what are you waiting for? Download this amazing location tracking app – “On My Way” now to start using. Download On My Way midimux Normally $6.99. midimux talks MIDI to your Mac and Windows Pc – using the standard usb to lightning or 30 pin cable. Finally. With midimux, you are no longer forced to rely on wifi-packets or external hardware to communicate MIDI data between a Mac/Pc and an iOS Device. It seamlessly integrates your iPad/iPhone into your studio. worry-free, reliable and at an ultra low-latency. And it works with all apps that speak MIDI. midimux lets you.. – control iOS apps with hardware controllers that are connected to your Mac/Pc. – sequence and play iOS apps using a DAW running on your Mac/Pc. – control Mac applications or hardware connected to it, using Lemur, TouchOSC or any other app that uses MIDI. – use iOS apps to play and sequence hardware instruments that are connected to your Mac/Pc. – create virtual MIDI ports on the iPad/iPhone that can be mirrored to the Mac/Pc or other iDevices. – connect more than one iOS device to the Mac/Pc – and send MIDI data between them. all this wired – via the simple usb to lightning/30 pin cable. In short: midimux creates virtual copies of MIDI devices connected to the other side. In long: If you have a MIDI device connected to your Mac/Pc, midimux will create a copy of it on the iDevice – and thus allowing other apps to talk to it directly. Any byte of MIDI received by the MIDI device on the Mac/Pc will be piped to and received on the virtual copy of that device on the iOS device – and is then usable by its apps. Data sent out by apps to the virtual copy on the iOS device will be piped back via usb, and then sent to the real device on the Mac/Pc. The same is true the other way around. If an app creates a virtual MIDI port (e.G. Animoog), midimux will create a copy of that port on the Mac/Pc, naming it ‘Animoog @ iPad’. If an app does not create a virtual MIDI port, midimux always gives the possibility to create virtual ports manually. these can then be used by any apps on any of the iOS devices to pipe data to the Mac/Pc. or other iDevices. or both. and back. at the same time ;) Features: – Creates Mirrors of all MIDI devices that are connected to the computer on the connected iOS devices. – Creates Mirrors of all MIDI devices that are connected to the iOS devices on the Mac/Pc. – Lets you create custom virtual Ports that can be used by both sides of the connection to communicate. – does it all via a wired usb connection – using the standard charge & sync cable. – works on all iDevices from iOS 5. *** midimux currently works with Mac OSX 10.6 + and Win 7 + *** To work, a lightweight server app has to be installed on the Mac/Win. Please download the server from our webpage: http://www.midimux.net/ Download midimux Backup Contacts Normally $0.99. This app is the best way to quickly backup all the contacts of your address book, to simply merge all the duplicate contacts, to quickly delete multiple contacts and to share multiple contact cards! Key Features: BACKUP CONTACTS Backup all the contacts of your address book with one tap! SHARE BACKUP FILES Share backup files via text message, email, Dropbox, iCloud Drive, .. ! RESTORE CONTACTS Restore contacts at any time directly from the app! Choose contacts to restore! MERGE DUPLICATE CONTACTS Merge all the duplicate contacts of your address book with one tap! DELETE MULTIPLE CONTACTS Delete multiple contacts at once! SHARE CONTACTS Share multiple contact cards at once! Download Backup Contacts Stickman Basketball 2017 Normally $4.99. Experience pure basketball fun with fast paced gameplay, an astonishing atmosphere, stunning smooth animations, simple controls, insane action and tons of replay value. Choose your favourite team and rank up while playing various seasons, cups and events in spectacular arenas or simply dominate in street basketball. Decide whether you want full control over your players with manual running and shoot timing or use the automatic running mode where you have control over precise pass timing and watch your players performing spectacular unbelievable dunks . Choose from 115 different skilled teams and lead them to glory! No IAP purchase required, everything playable without having to pay or purchase anything! Stickman Basketball 2017 features more than 115 teams, tons a leagues, cups and even the official WBCBL women league. * Quick Game, Seasons, Leagues, Cups, Knock Out, Tutorial and Special Graveyard mode * 115 different basketball teams to choose from * Official WBCBL teams * Team Editor * Multiplayer mode with up to 4 controllers * Party mode, Play with up to 4 players on one device * Tons of unlock-able content like dunks, various balls, … * Full Controller support for up to 4 players * Complete Seasons, Cups, Knock Outs to challenge in * 4 difficulty levels for longterm motivation (easy, medium, hard) * Simple yet powerful touch controls with timing control * Automatic or Manual Running * Smooth animations with 60 frames per second Download Stickman Basketball 2017 Photo Cleaner Normally $0.99. This is a powerful cleaning tool for organizing your photos and videos. It provides features such as cleaning up duplicate/similar media and media compression. Download Photo Cleaner VAULT Normally $1.99. This is your personal photos and videos private by locking them behind an easy-to-use PIN pad, and is the best place to hide your personal photos and videos Download VAULT Minibudget Pro Normally $1.99. Establish a budget, record and manage your expenses by category. “Shall we help to manage the couples dating spending(expenses)?” This was the idea that we started the Minibudget project. Minibudget is a simple account book as household budget, subtract the expenses from the budget. It can be used as build plans, managing budget, travel expenses, simple account book. There is also “expected expenditure” feature to help more convenient use. You can simulate the dating and travel expenses in advance, and it can be used as a checklist when you go to shopping. – Convenient manage the budget – Manage spending by Category – Check spending list more easily by graphs – Intuitive user interface (Intuitive design) We’ve been thinking how we give you the most easiest way to use in this universe and more intuitive user interface that gives you fun feelings. Make your life more plentiful and richer. We support your love. Download Minibudget Pro Tags: Apple, appsale, iPad, iPhone View Comments Trending 1 Accessories This portable Wi-Fi router is smaller (and smarter?) than your smartphone 2 Mobile Watch this disgruntled customer drive her SUV through a T-Mobile store 3 Entertainment 9 new movie trailers you need to watch from this past week 4 Entertainment DirecTV Now is seriously broken 5 Apps & Software 8 paid iPhone apps on sale for free today Picked For You Former Android chief Andy Rubin to release a high-end iPhone competitor this year By Yoni Heisler January 14th at 3:19 PM $40 device doubles the storage of your 32GB iPhone 7 or 7 Plus By Maren Estrada January 14th at 10:30 AM Whatsapp bug allows viewing of encrypted messages By Chris Mills January 13th at 11:01 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad Post to Cancel
Thanks for checking out our new design, please let us know if you have feedback SFist is a website about San Francisco View Pretty | Blog Arts & Entertainment Food News Popular Advertising Contact Newsletter RSS Feed Staff Our Cities Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC 10 Years Ago Today Apple Showed Us The First iPhone, And Steve Jobs's Hastiness Could Have Actually Been A Disaster by Jay Barmann in Arts & Entertainment on Jan 9, 2017 3:25 pm Steve Jobs unveiling the first iPhone at MacWorld on January 9, 2007. Photo: Getty Images Do you still have your original first-generation iPhone, just for the sake of tech nostalgia? They're so cute and tiny, right? Today in history, January 9, 2007, Steve Jobs stepped out onto the stage at MacWorld in San Francisco and unveiled the very first touchscreen smartphone (that's a link to SFist's vintage post on the unveiling). As Wired recounts wistfully, Apple was just a wee $70 billion company at the time, having conquered the laptop computing market and introduced the world to mp3 music-listening, basically, with the iPod. But it's the iPhone that has, largely, helped Apple become a $640 billion company (as of now), clocking a corporate record-breaking profit of $18 billion in 2014. The New York Times, the following day, called Apples's "innovate cellphone" "a gamble on a new business for Apple," and said it "will not be for everyone," noting its $500-$600 pricetag and the fact that it was only launching with Cingular Wireless coverage  and Cingular would quickly become AT&T Mobility later that same month. 10 years ago today, the iPhone was introduced by Steve Jobs. 📱 pic.twitter.com/IfVQo9TdMi— Vala Afshar (@ValaAfshar) January 9, 2017 Buzz would build steadily around the iPhone before the first models came to market in June 2007, bolstered by ads like the one below, which debuted during the Academy Awards about a month after Jobs's big reveal. But as the Times Magazine would later report, in this 2013 piece, Jobs was indeed taking a huge gamble when he made that big reveal, having figured out very little about how the phones would be manufactured, or whether they were even going to work right at all: It’s hard to overstate the gamble Jobs took when he decided to unveil the iPhone back in January 2007. Not only was he introducing a new kind of phone — something Apple had never made before — he was doing so with a prototype that barely worked. Even though the iPhone wouldn’t go on sale for another six months, he wanted the world to want one right then. In truth, the list of things that still needed to be done was enormous. A production line had yet to be set up. Only about a hundred iPhones even existed, all of them of varying quality. Some had noticeable gaps between the screen and the plastic edge; others had scuff marks on the screen. And the software that ran the phone was full of bugs. The iPhone could play a section of a song or a video, but it couldn’t play an entire clip reliably without crashing. It worked fine if you sent an e-mail and then surfed the Web. If you did those things in reverse, however, it might not. Hours of trial and error had helped the iPhone team develop what engineers called “the golden path,” a specific set of tasks, performed in a specific way and order, that made the phone look as if it worked... [also] it often ran out of memory and had to be restarted if made to do more than a handful of tasks at a time. Jobs had a number of demo units onstage with him to manage this problem. If memory ran low on one, he would switch to another while the first was restarted. By June 2007, somehow, the company was able to roll out those first iPhones in stores, but it was only after a great deal of trial and error, and many prototypes that were rejected. Apple engineers reportedly started with three different early versions of the iPhone between 2005 and 2006, and then they made six working prototypes of the phone that ultimately became the first-generation iPhone, "each with its own set of hardware, software and design tweaks." All that insanity meant that "Some on the team ended up so burned out that they left the company shortly after the first phone hit store shelves." But as most of us remember, iPhones didn't really feel like the indispensable devices they are now until wi-fi networks began being more commonplace, and with reliable signals, and until the app store was full of the millions of apps now meant to waste our precious time, teach us Bridge, tell us to get more exercise, and let us browse nearby single people for dates and sex. Always keeping us wanting to give them our money, Apple has gone on to improve upon the iPhone with 12 subsequent upgraded models as well as some lower-cost models like the iPhone 5C and SE, including 2016's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. But imagine if the software engineers at the company then still known as Apple Computer had gone with one of the other OS interfaces they were reportedly toying around with, like the one referred to as "Acorn OS" that had a touchscreen clickwheel, and used the same drop-down menu navigation as the first iPods  as shown in the video below, via The Verge. We can safely say the iPhone would not have been such a huge hit if that's what the screen interface looked like. Meanwhile, CNet has a slideshow of all the iPhone models through the years, and Gizmodo has this delightful look at what nerds on the internet thought the first iPhone might look like, via their ca. 2006 mock-ups. This is probably my favorite: iPhone mockup ca. 2006, via Gizmodo Vintage Link: Macworld SF 2007: Steve Jobs Is A Mother----ing Gangsta [SFist] Contact the author of this article or email tips@sfist.com with further questions, comments or tips. twitter facebook reddit print apple iphone iphone 7 steve jobs tech sector Other Interesting Stories Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. best of sfist The 12 Best Mac & Cheese Dishes In SF and Oakland Nine Ways To Kick Off A Cleanse, Juice And Otherwise The 15 Best New SF Restaurants Of 2016 The 13 Best New SF Bars Of 2016 The 10 Best Steakhouses In San Francisco   © 2003-2017 Gothamist LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 This one chart shows why it's so important for Apple to revive iPhone sales Eugene Kim Jan. 9, 2017, 1:18 PM 1,727 facebook linkedin twitter email print More Charts   Since its launch ten years ago, the iPhone has sold over a billion devices, triggering Apple's rise to the most valuable company in the world. But a recent trend has started to worry some Apple investors: declining iPhone sales. In fact, in its fiscal 2016, iPhone sales grew at the slowest pace since the iPhone was introduced in 2007. That's particularly concerning for Apple, given how the iPhone is the single most important product for the company. As seen in this chart by Statista, roughly 60% of Apple's revenue came from iPhone sales in 2016, after generating a whopping 69% of total revenue in the first two quarters of 2015. And with all of its hardware products seeing sales declines last quarter, it's no surprise that some investors are questioning if Apple has "lost its mojo." Statista EXCLUSIVE FREE REPORT: 25 Big Tech Predictions by BI Intelligence. Get the Report Now » SEE ALSO: Android had a tough year compared to iOS in one crucial area NOW WATCH: This machine solves the most time-consuming things about doing laundry Loading video... Follow Tech Chart Of The Day and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Tech Chart Of The Day and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: Apple Chart Of The Day COTD iPhone iPhone Sales facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru This one chart shows why it's so important for Apple to revive iPhone sales This one chart shows why it's so important for Apple to revive iPhone sales Since its launch ten years ago, the iPhone has... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
हिन्दी Australia 台灣 / 中國 China (English) Indonesia Singapore UK News PitchOff Team Apps Cloud Code Consumer Tech Culture Enterprise Futurism Gadgets Gaming Internet Startups Facebook Twitter Google+ Apps Cloud Code Consumer Tech Culture Enterprise Futurism Gadgets Gaming Internet Startups Facebook Twitter Google+ Apps Cloud Code Consumer Tech Culture Enterprise Futurism Gadgets Gaming Internet Startups Gadgets News Apple executives to meet Indian ministry officials on 25th Jan, to discuss its ‘Make in India’ plans 7 days ago Anmol Sachdeva With India being one of the fastest growing smartphone markets, Apple has been haggling with the government authorities to set up their manufacturing unit as well as exclusive stores in the country for a majority of the last year. The Cupertino giant is now expected to meet up with ministry officials from on January 25 to discuss its long-standing plans of manufacturing the iPhone in India. It plans to discuss the state of exemptions and incentives with regard to the same. As reported by Economic Times, at the said meeting, Apple executives are planning to sit down with officials from the departments of IT, finance, industrial policy & promotion, environment & forests and revenue. The tech behemoth is said to keep the discussions focused on the incentives it has sought ever since it expressed a wish to aggressively dedicate resources to the country — post CEO Tim Cook’s visit to India last year. It could be a result of the government considering the company’s recent request for special treatment. While Apple wants to bring its manufacturing facility to the country and produce iPhones in India on the back of incentive demands but the government is reluctant on agreeing to them. Currently, authorities are offering exemptions to hardware manufacturers who are producing their devices in India by sourcing materials from the country itself. Whereas reports of Apple not willing to source internal components has already surfaced on the interwebs. Previously, the Cupertino giant started off by putting in a request to gain exemption from the 30 percent local sourcing but it was denied on the grounds of the company lacking cutting-edge technology. It is, however, still being processed and might be approved for Apple to bring its stores to India. But, it won’t be able to import and sell refurbished iPhones in the country as the government isn’t very supportive of the dumping of used devices into the country’s smartphone ecosystem. In addition, there have recently also been reports that Apple has partnered with Wistron to start assembling iPhones on the Indian soil but there is still no word on when the same will become operational. Wistron has recently expedited its efforts to also expand its manufacturing plant in Bengaluru. It has also held talks with its primary phone maker Foxconn to explore options in the country but its focus might be on United States — which has seen a major upheaval in its leadership. It is also looking to protect the design aesthetics of its products by asking the government to grant it exemptions from labelling laws as well. Anmol Sachdeva A hands-on guy fascinated by new apps, technologies and enterprise products. [email protected] Tagsapple apple india apple make in india apple stores india You may also like Internet News After doormats with India’s national flag, Gandhi flip flops on Amazon cause widespread outrage 7 hours ago Mudit Mohilay Amazon has been having trouble with coming to terms with many symbols held in reverence by India, the second most populous country in the world... Enterprise News With a succesful comeback launch, SpaceX is rolling again 1 day ago Mudit Mohilay And finally, all those prayers, all those efforts, all the science and all the resources expended by SpaceX have yielded fruit. The company has... Gaming News Man who claims to be the real Gears Of War’s “cole train” sues Microsoft and Epic studios 1 day ago Dhruv Chopra Epic studios, Microsoft, as well as the voice actor Lester Speight are currently facing a serious lawsuit filed by an African American man named... Gaming News Ps4 owners, prepare yourself for an upcoming major update 1 day ago Dhruv Chopra A pretty massive PlayStation 4 update, which will incidentally be the first large one since September 2016’s 4.00 update, is well on... Apps News Mobile usage hits critical mass, social apps take lions share of time spent over mobile 1 day ago Mudit Mohilay As per a recent report from Flurry Analytics, which is part of the Yahoo Mobile Developer Suite, mobile usage has continued exhibiting signs of... Enterprise News Salesforce’s Quip snaps up Unity&Variety, a startup founded by ex-Facebook product designers 2 days ago Anmol Sachdeva On Friday, Salesforce announced that it has acquired software company Unity&Variety to further enhance the design standards of its word... News Startups Watch SpaceX finally return to flight after its Falcon 9 explosion last year 2 days ago Anmol Sachdeva Today, SpaceX is taking its first flight back to the skies after the unfortunate Falcon 9 explosion during pre-flight checks in September of last... Apps News Vulnerable ‘security backdoor’ discovered in WhatsApp’s encryption, debunked as being a feature 2 days ago Anmol Sachdeva Widely popular messaging app WhatsApp, owned by Facebook, has garnered immense praise for being one of the first to implement end-to-end encryption... Add Comment Click here to post a comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Google’s self-driving arm Waymo further details its technology, prepares for a public trial later this month Lenovo P2 is all set to launch in India on January 11, exclusively via Flipkart Comment Share This! Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest LinkedIn Subscribe Be a part of a thriving community of core-tech, no-nonsense readership in India. Subscribe to our post-by-post updates, right here. Email Address recommended Samsung to acquire Harman in a $8 Bn all-cash deal to further bolster its connected car tech Anmol Sachdeva 4 Min Read the latest After doormats with India’s national flag, Gandhi flip flops on Amazon cause widespread outrage Mudit Mohilay 3 Min Read With a succesful comeback launch, SpaceX is rolling again Mudit Mohilay 2 Min Read Man who claims to be the real Gears Of War’s “cole train” sues Microsoft and Epic studios Dhruv Chopra 3 Min Read Ps4 owners, prepare yourself for an upcoming major update Dhruv Chopra 2 Min Read Mobile usage hits critical mass, social apps take lions share of time spent over mobile Mudit Mohilay 5 Min Read Subscribe Be a part of a thriving community of core-tech, no-nonsense readership in India. Subscribe to our post-by-post updates, right here. Email Address Share About Team <Contact GLOBAL NETWORK Australia 台灣 / 中國 China (English) Indonesian Singapore UK Copyright © 2016. All Rights Reserved TheTechPortal Facebook Twitter Google+
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Biz Break: The iPhone remains a diamond after… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Wrestler ‘Superfly’ Snuka dead Most-wanted arrest Band’s free-speech fight More rain next week Bay Area inauguration events Tax tips Business Biz Break: Apple’s iPhone remains a diamond after 10 years Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) AP Photo/Paul SakumA Apple CEO Steve Jobs demonstrates the iPhone during his keynote address at MacWorld Conference & Expo in San Francisco, Tuesday, Jan. 9, 2007. Monday marked the 10th anniversary of the iPhone’s debut. By Rex Crum | rcrum@bayareanewsgroup.com | January 9, 2017 at 2:47 pm Top of the Order: Pop Those Corks: Traditionally, the tenth wedding anniversary is the tin or aluminum anniversary. That may be practical, but try giving your wife a roll of aluminum foil or a picture of the Tin Man from “The Wizard of Oz” as an anniversary gift for putting up with you for a decade and you might not make it another 10 years. No, better to stick with a gift from the “modern” list, which recommends diamond jewelry. Yeah, it may cost a few bucks more, but sometimes it’s better to be safe than sorry. No one ever really complains about diamonds. Related Articles Biz Break: President Obama gets into VR with new White House tour Biz Break: Tech leaders want to help Trump save $1 trillion Biz Break: Fitbit investors don’t like fit of Vector acquisition Biz Break: Nvidia puts up a new streaming Shield Biz Break: Apple boasts of big App Store business And if there was ever a diamond in the smartphone market over the last decade, it has been Apple’s iPhone. Yes, 10 years ago today, Apple CEO Steve Jobs took the stage at the Macworld show in San Francisco and changed the telecommunications industry forever by unveiling the first iPhone. I was at that event. The way the crowd at the Moscone Center reacted to Jobs showing off the iPhone, you would have thought Beyonce had just won the Super Bowl by herself on Christmas Day. All for a touchscreen phone that, for its base model, cost $499 for just 4 gigabytes of storage. It was that kind of crazy. Go back in time and read the press release Apple put out when it debuted the first iPhone. Sure, nothing was a given with that first iPhone. You had to be an AT&T customer to get one, and it wasn’t even a 3G phone, at that. This was back in the day when Blackberry was king, Motorola had some muscle and even Nokia was still a popular name. And as we all know, the iPhone left them all in its unforgiving wake. Remember the Microsoft Kin? Maybe not, but it never stood a chance. The Amazon Fire phone? The e-commerce giant stopped selling it after just a year. The Samsung Galaxy Note 7? It blew up, literally, enough times for the electronics giant to completely pull the plug on it. Even though iPhone sales have begun to decline, no single smartphone name on the market even comes close to Apple’s signature product. Sure, when Apple reported its fourth-quarter results, in October, iPhone sales were off by 13 percent from a year ago — and yet, Apple still sold 45.5 million iPhones, good enough for $28.2 billion in revenue. Think Google wouldn’t want just half of those numbers from its new Pixel phones? We’ve covered the iPhone 10th anniversary with a look at some of the device’s milestones over the last decade, as well as how a product that didn’t get universal acclaim at first managed to change nearly everyone’s life. Now, more than 1 billion iPhone sales later, it remains Apple’s world. The rest of us are just living in it, and waiting for the so-called iPhone 8 to arrive. Middle Innings: Meanwhile, in Canada: It took two years, but Apple has gotten off the hook north of the border. In case you missed it, Canada’s Competition Bureau said last Friday that it hadn’t found enough evidence to show that Apple had engaged in anti-competitive behavior with regards to selling the iPhone in Canada. Since December 2014, the CCB had been looking into allegations that Apple’s Canadian unit had forced mobile-phone operators in the country to hike the prices of other smartphones and had put restrictions on how those operators could market and sell the iPhone. The CCB said that it hadn’t found any evidence to suggest Apple’s business practices had a significant impact on competition in Canada. Russia moves against LinkedIn: Oh, Russia. Not again. Authorities in Russia have told Apple and Google to remove LinkedIn’s app from the companies’ app stores in the country, due to LinkedIn violating Russian laws that require internet companies to store data about Russian citizens on servers inside of Russia. LinkedIn’s own site was blocked from use within Russia because it stored the data about Russian citizens outside the country. Bottom of the Lineup: Here’s a look at how some leading Silicon Valley stocks did Monday. Movin’ on Up: Gains came from Ultra Clean Holdings, Rocket Fuel, Barracuda Networks, Natus Medical and Nvidia. In the Red: Decliners include Pandora Media, Chegg, IXYS, Tessera Holding and YuMe. The tech-focused Nasdaq Composite Index rose 0.2 percent to end the day at 5,531.82. The blue chip Dow Jones Industrial Average gave up 0.4 percent to finish at 19,887.38. And the broad-based Standard & Poor’s 500 Index ended the day off by 0.4 percent at 2,268.90. Quote of the Day: “One of the most overrated actresses in Hollywood.” — President-elect Donald Trump, who tweeted his comments about actress Meryl Streep on Monday after Streep gave a speech critical about Trump at the Golden Globe Awards Sunday night. Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com. Tags:  60 Second Biz Break Apple Google iPhone LinkedIn Personal Tech Personal Technology Technology Rex Crum Rex Crum is the senior web editor for the business section for The Mercury News and Bay Area News Group. He also writes about business and technology for the publications' print and web editions, and has covered business and technology for nearly two decades. A native of Seattle, he remains a diehard Seahawks and Mariners fan and is imparting his fandom to his Oakland-native wife and two young daughters. Follow Rex Crum @rexcrum Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Bay Area storms will make for a spectacular spring A failing marriage: 49ers and Santa Clara Santa Clara: Authorities release name of woman killed by Amtrak train Bay Area forecast: Another ‘atmospheric event’ hits next week San Jose: Retired firefighters who owe tens of thousands speak out Before and after photos: See how rains filled California reservoirs East Bay deputy reportedly jailed, fired in shooting Coroner’s Office names victim in year’s first traffic fatality More in Business What you need to know now about the upcoming tax season January 15, 2017, 9:31 am The Internal Revenue Service says to expect a few changes when the nation’s individual income tax filing season opens on Jan. 23. Trump backer Peter Thiel reportedly weighing gubernatorial bid January 15, 2017, 6:14 am Peter Thiel, the quirky billionaire who was one of the few high-profile Silicon Valley supporters of President-elect Donald Trump, is considering running for governor of California in 2018, Politico reported. SpaceX launches first rocket since explosion in Florida January 15, 2017, 7:13 am A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket blasted off from California on Saturday and placed a constellation of satellites in orbit, marking the company’s first launch since a fireball engulfed a similar rocket in September. Danville, San Ramon consider options for buying electricity January 14, 2017, 7:14 am Contra Costa County coordinating effort that could result in a joint powers authority involving several East Bay cities to buy cleaner energy Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Today’s News What’s Hot B2B Payments Business Wire Retail Reinvention Opinion: Karen Webster Data & Research PYMNTS index Indexes Trackers Exclusive Series Commanders In Chief Series EMV Day 1: The Experts Weigh In Inside Innovation Sizzle or Fizzle? TSYS Digital Journey Company Spotlight Topic TBD Digital Discussions Sign Up #PYMNTalks (PODCASTS) 2016 PYMNTS.com/Alexa Challenge Events Live Shows MATCHMAKERS Report Store Pay-ology Videos Newsletter Signup Today’s News OPINION Karen Webster Data & Research INDEXES TRACKERS Live Shows EVENTS Pay-ology Data Dive Amex Wins, Amazon Loses And iPhone Scales Back By PYMNTS Posted on January 9, 2017 Share Tweet Share Share Share Email The New Year is here — and we have high hopes that 2017 will keep us even more glued to the edges of our collective seats than 2016 did. Admittedly it will be a pretty high bar to clear — 2016 was pretty crazy. But there are some pretty eye-catching augers that 2017 will compete favorably — Amazon took over the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) to announce it’s integrated Alexa into pretty much everything, everything is going virtual reality (VR), and bitcoin bubbled and popped all within the space of 48 hours. And we’re only a week in. So what to watch next? Is The Amex Antitrust Drama Over For Real? Score one for American Express — and a big swing and miss for the U.S. Justice Department (DoJ). A federal appeals court has officially hammered another nail into the coffin of the U.S. government’s antitrust case against Amex. DoJ representatives asked the court to reconsider its decision to allow Amex to stop merchants from encouraging customers to use non-Amex-branded cards that carry lower fees. At issue were the more than $50 billion of fees that merchants pay annually to process transactions and that they claim can be passed along to customers through higher prices. The case originated with a lawsuit filed by the DoJ against Amex, Mastercard and Visa. Mastercard and Visa settled with the DoJ and agreed to stop the anti-steering practices. Amex decided to fight. A lower court found with the DoJ — however, that decision was reversed by the Second U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, hence the DoJ’s request for reconsideration. Specifically, the DoJ noted the appeals court wrongly focused on how the company’s policy affected customers and merchants, rather than merchants alone. It also said it should have been Amex’s burden to show that its policy promoted competition, not the government’s burden to show otherwise. This week, the Second U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals let stand its Sept. 26 reversal of a lower court ruling that had struck down Amex’s anti-steering rules, giving its opinion without comment. That reversal allowed New York–based Amex to block merchants that accept its cards from steering customers to rivals Visa and Mastercard, even if the move saved them money. The DoJ may ask the Supreme Court to consider their appeal. Stay tuned. The iPhone 7 Ramps Down Despite some very high hopes — and perhaps a bit of a boost from Samsung’s pre-holiday woes — it looks like the iPhone 7 is not quite living up to the hope and the hype. At least, that is the scoop out of Nikkei Asian Review, which reported that Apple is gearing up to cut production of its iPhone by roughly 10 percent in the new year. The production cut will apparently come in early Q1, which is a somewhat expected event (Apple made similar cuts to 6s production last year) — but the consensus is emerging that sales aren’t doing as well as expected and are thus pushing further production cuts. The report noted the production cuts are for both the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus. The popularity issue seems to be hitting the 7 Plus harder — iPhone 7 Plus is still popular, but a shortage of sensors for its camera has prompted Apple to scale back because it can’t meet demand. There were some bright spots in this report for Apple. Demand for the new phone in Japan remains strong, largely driven by the phone’s ability to accept and make contactless payments at merchant point of sale. But Japan accounts only for 10 percent of all of Apple’s global sales and isn’t going to be enough to make up for sluggish demand elsewhere. And Apple’s pain is pain down the chain. Component makers will also feel some pinch, though that may be evened out some by Chinese smartphone markers and demand for in-car technology. A source told Nikkei Asian Review the production cuts are “within expectations.” Despite the cuts — and the debate about what they mean — Credit Suisse remains bullish about the eventual launch of the iPhone 8. In a recent research report, analyst Kulbinder Garcha said he is “looking forward to the iPhone 8 super cycle,” as that phone debuts, ostensibly, next year. Looks like all eyes will be peeled and all ears will be open when Apple gives the world a peak at the real-deal numbers when it reports earnings on Jan. 24. Amazon Buy Button Patent Bye-Bye It’s been a good run — but it seems Amazon’s ownership of the one-click buy-button may be coming to an end. Amazon’s patent on its 1-Click payment system will expire this year, meaning online buyers could soon see many other online stores adopting similar methods throughout 2017. The 1-Click is, of course, a signature service for Amazon — as any shopper is well aware. Rolled out a little over 20 years ago, it is both a distinguishing feature and a money maker for Amazon, since it is popular with some pretty big non-Amazon players. Apple, for example, reportedly pays Amazon an undisclosed sum to use its own version of the technology in its app store. While Amazon — being Amazon — hasn’t put any official numbers on it, some have suggested that 1-Click brings in a money measured in the billions of dollars. So while the patent expiration could be a bit of a disappointment for the online retail behemoth, most everyone else who sells online can’t wait to get their hands on it. And we shouldn’t feel too bad for Amazon. Sure, they’re losing the buy button — but given the flurry of announcements last week about holiday sales, fulfillment shipments and Alexa integrations (in washing machines, speakers, restaurants, lamps and a whole host of other places) — we feel that somehow, some way, they will find a way to soldier on. Until next week … Related Items:Data Dive, Featured News Share Tweet Share Share Share Email Recommended for you The Power Of POS Financing CloudTags: Digital Insight In Physical Stores Amazon Sizzles, Bitcoin Fizzles And Department Stores’ Winter Of Discontent Get our hottest stories delivered to your inbox. Signup for the PYMNTS.com Newsletter to get updates on top stories and viral hits. email: Click to comment Post navigation CFPB Shuffles Exec Deck Days Before Inauguration Hackers Use Smartphones To Block 911 Access TRENDING RIGHT NOW 2.4K Banking More Than 50 Percent Of ATMs Now Branch-Independent 2.1K Apple Apple’s Latest Antitrust Troubles 2.0K B2B Payments CSI globalVCard Incubator Calls For More B2B Payments Innovation 1.9K Blockchain Ripple’s XRP To Trade On Bitstamp Exchange 1.9K Alternative Finances The Power Of POS Financing 1.6K Artificial Intelligence Your Brain On AI 1.6K Security & Fraud Underinsurance Leaves Shippers Exposed To Cybercrime 1.6K Partnerships / Acquisitions Groupon Gains On Alibaba Takeover Rumors 1.6K eCommerce Making Digital Conversions Smart Again 1.4K Apple Apple Drives 40% Of Bluetooth Headphone Sales 1.4K Blockchain Blockchain Tracker: Good For Governments? 1.4K B2B Payments B2B Investors Go Big In Alt-Lending 1.4K Daily Data Dive PYMNTS Daily Data Dive: Alibaba + Intime 1.4K Security & Fraud Russian Memo Claims Telegram Secure Messaging App Was Hacked, Too 1.3K Economy PACE Loans Starting To Look Like Pre-Crisis Subprime What's next in payments and commerce Newsletter Signup About Terms & Conditions Contact © 2016 What’s Next Media and Data Analytics, LLC To Top
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive Human jawbone found in Apple Valley New Year's Day determined to belong to man reported missing in 1998 Monday Jan 9, 2017 at 3:51 PM Jan 9, 2017 at 10:15 PM Staff Reports APPLE VALLEY — Authorities have determined that a jawbone found in Apple Valley on New Year's Day belongs to a man who was reported missing in 1998, officials said. The jawbone, which was discovered in the area of Apple Valley and Wato roads, was identified as that of Donald Raiser, who was reported missing on Aug. 16, 1998. San Bernardino County Sheriff's Apple Valley Station deputies responded to a report of a found bone at approximately 3:55 a.m. on Jan. 1. After speaking with the hikers who located the bone, they sent a photo to the Sheriff-Coroner Department to determine if it was human. A short time later, Sheriff-Coroner investigators notified deputies on scene that the bone was a human mandible, or jawbone. Human remains were previously located at the dirt extension of Apple Valley and Ohna roads in Apple Valley on Jan. 28, 1999, and Oct. 21, 2001, and were identified as belonging to Raiser, who was 48 when he went missing, after a death investigation was conducted. The jawbone was approximately a quarter-mile away from where the remains were located in 1999 and 2001, and the cause of Raiser's death remains unknown. Anyone with information is urged to contact Detective Mike Cleary or Sergeant Greg Myler of the Specialized Investigations Division at 909-387-3589. Callers wishing to remain anonymous may call the We-Tip line at 1-800-782-7463 or to go www.wetip.com. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: DoD•Veterans Affairs•HUD•Tom Temin•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Previous Story Polaris plans to drop unprofitable Victory Motorcycle brand Next Story Ford adding diesel engine, other features to F-150 Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Apple proved a phone… Apple proved a phone can change the world in just 10 years By MICHAEL LIEDTKE January 9, 2017 6:54 pm Share SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Few people realized it at the time, but the world shifted fundamentally a decade ago when Steve Jobs pulled the first iPhone from Apple’s bag of technological tricks. “Every once in a while, a revolutionary product comes along that changes everything,” Jobs declared as he paced across a San Francisco stage. It obviously wasn’t an empty boast. We all know now that Jobs’ “magical product” has reshaped culture, shaken up industries, put computers in billions of pockets and made it possible to do just about anything with a few taps on a screen. Besides its then 3.5-inch touch screen, the first iPhone featured a browser for on-the-go web surfing and built-in apps to check email and get directions. OPM tells DC-area feds how to plan for Inauguration Day GOING MOBILE Advertisement Apple has sold more than 1 billion iPhones since its debut, spawning millions of mobile applications and prodding other technology companies to make similar smartphones that have become like phantom limbs for many of us. We use iPhones and their copycats to instantly share video and pictures with friends and family from almost anywhere. We use them to figure out where we are going. We use them to find the best deals while shopping in stores and to pay for stuff at the checkout stand. We use the phones to a hail ride, to tune instruments, to monitor our health and help find our next jobs. Phones have gotten so smart that they even talk back to us via helpful digital concierges such as the iPhone’s Siri and the recently introduced Assistant on Google’s Pixel phone. “IPhone is an essential part of our customers’ lives, and today more than ever it is redefining the way we communicate, entertain, work and live,” Apple’s current CEO, Tim Cook, boasted in a retrospective that the Cupertino, California, company posted on its website. ROADKILL IN ITS WAKE The iPhone’s revolutionary touch screen doomed the BlackBerry, another once-popular internet-connected phone. Mobile phones and their tablet cousins triggered a downturn in personal computer sales that is still unfolding. An estimated 219 million desktop and laptop computers shipped worldwide last year, down from 264 million in 2007, according to the research firm Gartner Inc. Meanwhile, nearly 1.9 billion mobile phones shipped last year, up from 1.15 billion in 2007. All told, Gartner estimates about 5 billion mobile phones are currently in use around the world compared to 1.3 billion PCs. The eroding popularity of PCs spurred shake-ups at powerful tech companies such as Microsoft, Intel, Hewlett-Packard and Dell, none of which adapted nimbly to the mobile world unleashed by the iPhone. Then-Microsoft’s CEO Steve Ballmer scoffed at Apple’s glass-and-metal gadget, telling USA Today in April 2007 that “there’s no chance that the iPhone is going to get any significant market share. No chance.” Microsoft wound up squandering the $7.6 billion that it spent to buy phone maker Nokia in a futile attempt to catch up to the iPhone. Ballmer stepped down as CEO three years ago and was replaced by Satya Nadella, who introduced versions of Microsoft’s popular Office programs that worked on Apple’s iPad — a tablet based on the iPhone. A HUGE HIT … AND THEN A STALL The iPhone’s success helped make Jobs a revered figure for many, and one whose October 2011 death was mourned around the world. The device has established Apple as the world’s most profitable company with earnings of $45.7 billion on sales of $216 billion during its latest fiscal year. (Prior to the iPhone’s release, Apple posted an annual profit of $2 billion on sales of $19.3 billion.) Its stock-market value is hovering around $635 billion, thanks to a split-adjusted stock price that’s risen by nearly a factor of 10 since the iPhone’s debut. Lately, though, the iPhone appears to be losing some steam. People are keeping older models for longer before upgrading or switching over to competing phones that run on Google’s Android software. Apple suffered its first-ever decline in iPhone sales in its last fiscal year, causing the company to miss its revenue projections and hitting Cook with a 15 percent pay cut . Most smartphones now run on Android, partly because Google gives away the software. That has helped iPhone rivals woo price conscious consumers, especially outside the U.S., with phones that are much cheaper than the iPhone, whose latest models now cost more than $649 to $849. In his statement, though, Cook promised the iPhone is “just getting started. The best is yet to come.” Topics: Business News Technology News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Apple proved a phone… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Fed Photo of the Day Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Today In History 1966: LBJ appoints first African-American Cabinet member A daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Recommended Widespread congressional support for Mattis as Defense secretary suddenly devolves along partisan lines Top Story Federal pay freeze likely under new Congress Commentary Chaffetz calls for scrutiny of ethics watchdog for Trump tweets Hearings/Oversight How Fort Myer handles thousands of service members for the inauguration Defense Small Business Administration to help find jobs for Peace Corps volunteers Hiring/Retention Business News Previous Story Polaris plans to drop unprofitable Victory Motorcycle brand Next Story Ford adding diesel engine, other features to F-150 Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « President-Elect Trump and Alibaba Group Chief Jack Ma Discuss Creating One Million new Jobs in the U.S. | Main | Apple's next iPhone to abandon its Aluminum Back Cover and Adopt a new Glass Design » January 09, 2017 One of Apple's most Innovative and Technologically Advanced Stores is coming to Piazza Liberty in Milan Italy   A new Apple Store appears to be headed for Milan Italy and more specifically Piazza Liberty. It seems to be some kind of joint venture between Apple and Independent Film Reality Ltd owner of Cinema Apollo. City counsel said "It is an ambitious project and a truly international reach to deliver a new place in the city for the Milanese and visitors."   It's going to be one of the most innovative and technologically advanced Apple Stores in the world. There will be a waterfall near the entrance of the store   A segment of the local report roughly translates to stating that "The operation, which will lead to the realization of one of the most innovative and technological Apple Store in the world, provides for the lowering of the central part of the Liberty Square with the construction of an amphitheater open to the public and functional to host cultural events [as noted in the concept drawing below]. The amphitheater, made up of steps, will represent the heart of the square and will link the level of the same with another space, located at an intermediate level between the square and the underlying store.   "Behind this is a glass screen made from a waterfall, which will mark the entrance to the store at an altitude of -3.24 meters from the plaza level. At the store you can also access from the stairs that will be realized within the so-called "portal", a fully glazed structure whose sides are placed two bowls of water, as well as two flights of stairs on either side of the steps and a lifter in the square to ensure the full accessibility of the shop. They will also be the interior completely renovated that currently house the Apollo cinema, redone flooring, reposition the neighboring grids to Via San Paolo and planted some trees."   The report further noted that "The project had the approval of the Archaeological Superintendence Fine arts and landscape for the Metropolitan City of Milan and the City Hall 1. It was established that Apple will have to organize every year at least 8 free public events of great cultural and social terms agreed with the Administration and propose to the City at least 4 more events a year." You can access the original report that was published in late December here.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on January 09, 2017 at 04:33 PM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts The Danger of Samsung Tanking Korea's Economy if their Chief Goes to Jail Weighs Heavily on Special Prosecution A New Patent Troll Lawsuit Claims that Apple's 'Messages' App Infringes their Acquired Patent from Voice Express Jimmy Iovine Confirms that Apple is creating an Entire Pop Cultural Experience for Apple Music Apple Releases Four TV Ads for AirPods Covering Notes, Siri, Pairing and Strolling A Next-Gen Smartphone Designed by Ex-Apple and Google Engineers will Launch Later this Year An Apple Pencil Patent describes a 3D Antenna and Magnet for Attaching to External Objects Apple Rumored to be Advancing the Anniversary iPhone's Water Resistance Feature to a Higher Level Samsung & Foxconn Jointly Invest in Israeli firm Core Photonics Possibly Delaying a Dual Lens Camera for Galaxy S8 It's a Long Shot, but TSMC wouldn't rule out Opening a U.S. Plant to Support U.S. Customers like Apple and Qualcomm Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Toggle Menu × Main menu Politics World Health Religion Society Social Videos Sign Up Series Search Search Main menu Politics World Health Religion Society Social Videos Sign Up Series Society Here's Why You Might Find A Coin In Your MacBook January 9, 2017 | by Lauren Briggs You might not have ever opened up your MacBook to look at its inner workings, but if you do, there is a good chance that you might find something you are not expecting in your drive (video below). On Jan. 2, an Apple customer posted a series of photos on Imgur of a coin neatly situated inside of their drive, and they said that they could not for the life of them figure out how it could have ended up in the enclosed and sealed space. Popular Video A judge looked this inmate straight in the eyes and said something that left the entire courtroom in tears: Popular Video A judge looked this inmate straight in the eyes and said something that left the entire courtroom in tears: As it turns out, Mac users have been spotting coins inside of their laptops for years. But Apple has never come out and officially commented about this or told us what is going on with our computers, leading people to come up with wild speculations. A Reddit user posted a photo of a similar phenomenon on their own computer, where a copper penny was sitting in the same spot. They called up AppleCare, they said, and the worker had no idea what it was beyond a lucky penny. Outside of a widespread Apple conspiracy, the two most popular theories are that the coins have simply slipped in by accident or that the manufacturers put them on purpose. "It got in the way DVDs do," one Reddit user commented on the original post. "And trust me on this, a penny is about the most common thing to slip its way in there. Other frequent ones are paper clips, bobby pins, business cards." The Reddit user pointed out that the coin is positioned right at what would be the bottom of the drive during normal use, suggesting that gravity played a role. "I would agree with you except that a: the plastic is sealed on all four edges to the superdrive with a pretty strong adhesive," the orignal poster responded, adding to the mystery. "b: There aren't any penny-sized holes or slits anywhere to get a penny in there c: No way to get into the actually body/case of the laptop through any penny-sized slots/holes in the body." Others say that manufacturers frequently add a penny or quarter to fill additional space and keep the drive from vibrating, although people question why U.S. currency is used when the devices are made overseas. Another theory, quipped by a Reddit user: "Somewhere there is a magician wondering what went wrong with that last trick." Sources: Imgur, Reddit, Greg Kilpatrick/YouTube / Photo credit: Imgur Comment Share on facebook Share on facebook Footer menu Advertise Contact Press Careers About Terms & Conditions Privacy © 2017 Render Media All rights reserved
iPhone Turns 10 VOA News Facebook 0 Twitter 0 E-mail More Google+ LinkedIn KakaoStory January 10, 2017 08:28 Smartphones are everywhere, so it is hard to believe the iconic iPhone from Apple was launched just 10 years ago today. That day Apple co-founder Steve Jobs took the stage at Macworld 2007 to introduce what he called three products in one, "a widescreen iPod with touch controls, a revolutionary mobile phone and a breakthrough internet communications device." Apple has sold more than one billion iPhones since then, changing the way we communicate, take pictures, listen to music, watch videos and keep in touch with loved ones, to name a few. In this Jan. 9, 2007 file photo, Apple CEO Steve Jobs holds up an Apple iPhone at the MacWorld Conference in San Francisco. /AP "iPhone is an essential part of our customers' lives, and today more than ever it is redefining the way we communicate, entertain, work and live," said Tim Cook, Apple's CEO. "iPhone set the standard for mobile computing in its first decade and we are just getting started. The best is yet to come." Currently, Apple is selling the seventh edition of the smartphone, iPhone 7, and a larger version, the iPhone 7 Plus. Sales of iPhone were a large factor toward making Apple one of the richest companies in the world. "Too often, only modest advances are over hyped as "world-changing" and "revolutionary," but I believe those phrases understate the impact of the iPhone," Sprint CEO Marcelo Claure told Fortune magazine. "Steve Jobs and Apple didn't just create a product and then market its features. They sparked a true technological revolution because they've always had a laser focus on providing billions of people a better way to do the things they do every day." Copyright © Chosunilbo & Chosun.com Previous Next All Headlines Back to Top
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple proved a phone can change the world in just 10 years By Associated Press Published: 18:56 EST, 9 January 2017 | Updated: 18:56 EST, 9 January 2017 e-mail SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Few people realized it at the time, but the world shifted fundamentally a decade ago when Steve Jobs pulled the first iPhone from Apple's bag of technological tricks. "Every once in a while, a revolutionary product comes along that changes everything," Jobs declared as he paced across a San Francisco stage. It obviously wasn't an empty boast. We all know now that Jobs' "magical product" has reshaped culture, shaken up industries, put computers in billions of pockets and made it possible to do just about anything with a few taps on a screen. Besides its then 3.5-inch touch screen, the first iPhone featured a browser for on-the-go web surfing and built-in apps to check email and get directions. FILE- In this Jan. 9, 2007, file photo, Apple CEO Steve Jobs holds up an iPhone at the MacWorld Conference in San Francisco. Jobs introduced the first iPhone a decade ago. Jobs' "magical product" reshaped culture, shook up industries and made it seem possible to do just about anything with a few taps on a screen while walking around with the equivalent of a computer in our pocket. (AP Photo/Paul Sakuma, File) GOING MOBILE Apple has sold more than 1 billion iPhones since its debut, spawning millions of mobile applications and prodding other technology companies to make similar smartphones that have become like phantom limbs for many of us. We use iPhones and their copycats to instantly share video and pictures with friends and family from almost anywhere. We use them to figure out where we are going. We use them to find the best deals while shopping in stores and to pay for stuff at the checkout stand. We use the phones to a hail ride, to tune instruments, to monitor our health and help find our next jobs. Phones have gotten so smart that they even talk back to us via helpful digital concierges such as the iPhone's Siri and the recently introduced Assistant on Google's Pixel phone. "IPhone is an essential part of our customers' lives, and today more than ever it is redefining the way we communicate, entertain, work and live," Apple's current CEO, Tim Cook, boasted in a retrospective that the Cupertino, California, company posted on its website. ROADKILL IN ITS WAKE The iPhone's revolutionary touch screen doomed the BlackBerry, another once-popular internet-connected phone. Mobile phones and their tablet cousins triggered a downturn in personal computer sales that is still unfolding. An estimated 219 million desktop and laptop computers shipped worldwide last year, down from 264 million in 2007, according to the research firm Gartner Inc. Meanwhile, nearly 1.9 billion mobile phones shipped last year, up from 1.15 billion in 2007. All told, Gartner estimates about 5 billion mobile phones are currently in use around the world compared to 1.3 billion PCs. The eroding popularity of PCs spurred shake-ups at powerful tech companies such as Microsoft, Intel, Hewlett-Packard and Dell, none of which adapted nimbly to the mobile world unleashed by the iPhone. Then-Microsoft's CEO Steve Ballmer scoffed at Apple's glass-and-metal gadget, telling USA Today in April 2007 that "there's no chance that the iPhone is going to get any significant market share. No chance." Microsoft wound up squandering the $7.6 billion that it spent to buy phone maker Nokia in a futile attempt to catch up to the iPhone. Ballmer stepped down as CEO three years ago and was replaced by Satya Nadella, who introduced versions of Microsoft's popular Office programs that worked on Apple's iPad — a tablet based on the iPhone. A HUGE HIT ... AND THEN A STALL The iPhone's success helped make Jobs a revered figure for many, and one whose October 2011 death was mourned around the world. The device has established Apple as the world's most profitable company with earnings of $45.7 billion on sales of $216 billion during its latest fiscal year. (Prior to the iPhone's release, Apple posted an annual profit of $2 billion on sales of $19.3 billion.) Its stock-market value is hovering around $635 billion, thanks to a split-adjusted stock price that's risen by nearly a factor of 10 since the iPhone's debut. Lately, though, the iPhone appears to be losing some steam. People are keeping older models for longer before upgrading or switching over to competing phones that run on Google's Android software. Apple suffered its first-ever decline in iPhone sales in its last fiscal year, causing the company to miss its revenue projections and hitting Cook with a 15 percent pay cut . Most smartphones now run on Android, partly because Google gives away the software. That has helped iPhone rivals woo price conscious consumers, especially outside the U.S., with phones that are much cheaper than the iPhone, whose latest models now cost more than $649 to $849. In his statement, though, Cook promised the iPhone is "just getting started. The best is yet to come." Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Is the 10 calorie pot of jelly Charlotte Crosby 'carries with her everywhere' the secret to The Geordie Shore star's incredible 20 kilo weight loss? What will she do next? Baby Instagram star Millie-Belle Diamond, two, will walk the runway at New York Fashion Week - a year after launching her own label Rolls Royce of R&R! Inside the exclusive $4,500-a-week health retreat where Sam Armytage took time out to recharge her batteries ahead of her return to Sunrise Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'I'm wearing blue for one': Julie Snook returns to TV wearing cobalt coloured ensemble after 'jacketgate' with Nine News co-star  Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood All smiles as she enjoyed her day off  'Nollsy ya dead set rooster!': Ex-Australian Idol runner up Shannon Noll mocked in typical 'true blue' fashion by Facebook trolls after his strip club arrest And they're off! Julia Morris and Dr Chris Brown fly business class as they   jet off to South Africa to film I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga  Queen of Pop was relaxing at home  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Rolling Stones guitarist Ronnie Wood's twin girls, their mother and Emma Bunton join Geri Horner for her baby shower  Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 46,355 Like clockwork, Trump rips 'Saturday Night Live' on Twitter 31,208 It's time to face facts: Obama's presidency was a failure 16,177 Ringling Bros. closing 'Greatest Show on Earth' after 146 years 16,144 Carmelo Anthony: If Phil Jackson wants me gone, let's talk 15,848 Bob Woodward calls Trump dossier 'garbage' 13,507 Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dead at 73 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Apple’s iPhone celebrates its 10th birthday on a low note By Richard Morgan View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) January 9, 2017 | 6:22pm Modal Trigger Apple CEO Tim Cook Getty Images More On: iphone Notorious iPhone hackers get hacked Tim Cook takes pay cut after Apple's bad year Retro trend sweeping tech industry as CES turns 50 High court sides with Samsung in patent dispute with Apple Apple’s iPhone turned 10 on Monday, leaving cynics to wonder if the once unconquerable device could even blow out the birthday candles. The iPhone’s dollar sales fell 12 percent during Apple’s most recent fiscal year, while unit sales were off 8 percent. And since iPhones account for 63 percent of Apple’s total sales, the product that propelled Apple to the top of the corporate heap has recently been accused of holding it back. A growing number of analysts, however, believe the iPhone is only temporarily dormant. They’re in the same school as Apple CEO Tim Cook, who on Sunday celebrated the product’s birthday by declaring “the best is yet to come.” The iPhone 8, expected to debut in September, is central to this scenario. Unlike the iPhone 7, which appeared much like its predecessor aside from the controversial removal of the headphone jack, the iPhone 8 is being touted as a notably different product. “We expect certain versions of the next iPhone to have flexible AMOLED displays, a new form factor, new glass casing and better battery technologies, including fast or even wireless charging,” Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty wrote in an update on Sunday. These differences should be enough to ignite what Huberty called an “iPhone supercycle” – one that benefits from pent-up demand caused by the current models’ lackluster performance. The analyst expects consumers’ jumping from the iPhone 6 to the iPhone 8 to be a phenomenon everywhere. But she sees China as a particularly promising market given Apple’s brand loyalty there. “Apple’s share of this market rose steadily over the past three years, from 60 percent to 80 percent,” she said. “In other words, high-end Chinese users are committed to Apple but are waiting for a more meaningful change.” Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under apple ,  china ,  iphone ,  iPhone 7 ,  morgan stanley ,  tim cook Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Schneiderman slams Prevagen as a 'clear-cut fraud' in laws... Read Next Schneiderman slams Prevagen as a 'clear-cut fraud' in laws... Most Popular This Week 1 Hell gets ready to welcome Charles Manson 2 Buzzfeed's Trump report takes 'fake news' to a new level 3 Giants blamed for trashing airplane after playoff blowout 4 Obese woman is now a stunning model thanks to 'teaspoon diet' 5 It's 'digital heroin': How screens turn kids into psychotic junkies 6 It's time to face facts: Obama's presidency was a failure Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 45,749 Like clockwork, Trump rips 'Saturday Night Live' on Twitter 31,640 It's time to face facts: Obama's presidency was a failure 16,281 Bob Woodward calls Trump dossier 'garbage' Now On More women rip Michael Che’s dating app etiquette Katie Couric’s ready for her TV comeback Eric Schneiderman and Preet Bharara power lunch SEE ALL Video 1:01 Chilling documentary reveals stories of child sex slave trafficking More Stories pagesix More women rip Michael Che's dating app etiquette Now On Decider Top 10 Sexiest, Dirtiest & Steamiest Movies On Netflix Right Now nypost Like clockwork, Trump rips 'Saturday Night Live' on Twitter New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Go Phones Laptops Cameras TV Gaming Wearables Forum MORE All articles Best picks Drones Car Tech Smart Home Gift Ideas Downloads Login Follow Us Follow Us Subscribe iPhone Round-Up 15 Best iPhone Innovations Over the Last 10 Years by Don Reisinger Jan 9, 2017, 1:40 PM Steve Jobs unveils Multi-Touch Latest in iPhone Round-Up 15 Best iOS Apps You Can't Find on Android by John Corpuz Jan 9, 2017, 12:16 PM Best Picks Best iPhone Camera Lens Kits 2017 by Sam Rutherford Jan 9, 2017, 12:15 PM News iPhone 8 May Have Tap to Wake, Fast Charging, New Design by Don Reisinger Jan 4, 2017, 10:56 AM News Here's Why Your Jet Black iPhone 7 Needs a Case by Michael Andronico Dec 30, 2016, 4:54 AM Round-Up 20 Free Apps for New iPhone Users by John Corpuz Dec 29, 2016, 4:29 PM News The Biggest iPhone 8 Feature Will Come from Samsung by Don Reisinger Dec 29, 2016, 10:15 AM How the iPhone Changed the Mobile World Picture 1 of 17 Apple's iPhone just turned 10. It was Jan 9., 2007, when then-CEO Steve Jobs took to the stage at San Francisco's Moscone Center to showcase Apple's newest innovation — a touchscreen-based device that Jobs famously billed as a music player, mobile phone and Internet communication device. "These are not three separate devices," Jobs told the Macworld Expo crowd. "This is one device, and we are calling it iPhone." Since its release in June 2007, the iPhone has become a cultural phenomenon. And it's also been home to some of the most important mobile innovations of the last 10 years. As Jobs promised a decade ago, the iPhone has proven to be more than just a phone — it's a device that's ushered in features that have changed the way we go about our daily lives. Apple might not have been first to deliver some of the features we're outlining here, but it often delivered those capabilities better than the competition. Here's a closer look at some of the innovations popularized by Apple's phone. Photo: David Paul Morris / Getty Images The Must-Have Touchscreen Picture 2 of 17 Touchscreens existed before the iPhone was available, but they didn't deliver the same level of features nor the multitouch experience that made mobile devices more accessible to users. So, when the iPhone delivered a slew of multitouch functions, including pinch-to-zoom and a double-tap to zoom in and out, users welcomed the innovation with open arms. A decade later, phones with physical keyboards like the ones you used to find on BlackBerry devices have all but vanished in favor of screens that respond to your every gesture. A (Great) Camera In Every Pocket Picture 3 of 17 Before the iPhone's launch, many people carried both a camera and phone with us wherever we went. But with a camera built-in, the iPhone changed that. Now we could bring just one device and capture all the photos we wanted. Better yet, the camera on our phones has improved over the years, introducing new capabilities such as Touch to Focus so you could get the best picture. iPhone camera improvements over the years have included True Tone Flash, introduced with 2013's iPhone 5s, so your images aren't washed out, and 2015's Live Photos that augmented your images with sound and motion. With the iPhone 7 Plus, Apple delivered dual cameras to snap truly impressive portraits. All of that effort paid off: since 2015, the iPhone has been the world's most popular camera for sharing images at Flickr, after rising up the popular service's rankings in the preceding years. A New App Experience Picture 4 of 17 Apple's decision to create an App Store to the iPhone in 2008 proved a wise addition to the iPhone universe. Soon, developers around the world were creating apps that could dramatically improve the experience of using an iPhone and get more than what Apple offered out of the box. The move also meant people around the world could become app makers themselves, and for years, the breadth and depth of the App Store gave Apple a sizable edge over Google's Android platform. Even today, there are plenty of great apps on the iOS App Store you simply can't find on Android. Photo: Mario Tama / Getty Images Starting a Mobile Gaming Revolution Picture 5 of 17 Mobile gaming has dramatically changed the way we play video games on the go. Before the iPhone, we often carried portable devices, like the Nintendo 3DS or before that, the Nintendo DS, to play games. With the iPhone, developers brought their best and brightest titles to Apple's App Store (Infinity Blade was a great example) and started to ignore those old-school portables. Even Nintendo has capitulated and embraced mobile. The company most recently released its game Super Mario Run to the iPhone. All the while, the smartphone gaming industry has swelled from $30.4 billion in mobile revenue in 2015 to $36.9 billion in 2016. By 2019, mobile gaming revenue will reach $52.5 billion, according to data from Newzoo. Photo: Tomohiro Ohsumi / Getty Images Pushing the Peformance Envelope Picture 6 of 17 Apple started designing its own mobile processors with the A4 chip that first debuted in the iPad before appearing in 2010's iPhone 4. Subsequent entries in the A-series lineup have kept delivering gains in processing and graphics power. Take the A10 Fusion processor in the iPhone 7. When that phone came out last fall, the A10 easily topped leading Android flagships by a wide margin. (Other chips, like the Huawei-developed Kirin 960, have since bested the A10 in some tests.) In addition, in 2014 Apple announced Metal, a low-level graphics engine that delivers an outstanding gaming experience for the iPhone. All told, Apple's mobile processors have helped push innovations in mobile computing, giving us ever-more powerful pocket-sized devices. Photo: Kevork Djansezian / Staff Paying Straight from Your Phone Picture 7 of 17 When Apple Pay was unveiled in 2014 as part of the iPhone 6 launch, mobile payments were anything but popular. That's changed dramatically in the last two-plus years: Apple Pay lets you make purchases in store and online by simply saving your credit card in the system and using the iPhone's Touch ID fingerprint sensor to securely complete a transaction. While Apple Pay is still fairly young, in 2016, Apple said that it was gaining 1 million new users a week and payment volume was five times greater in 2016 than it was in 2015. Other mobile payment platforms may be more widespread — Samsung Pay supports magnetic secure transmission terminals in addition to the near-field communication stations Apple Pay is limited to — but the iPhone deserves credit for popularizing mobile payments. Photo: Pablo Cuadra / Getty Images Doing More with 3D Touch Picture 8 of 17 Another iPhone touchscreen innovation, 3D Touch has proven handy since it was first introduced in 2015's iPhone 6s update. The feature offers contextual options when you vary the amount of pressure you apply to the smartphone's screen. Using 3D Touch on the Maps app icon, for instance, will help you get access to important features, like local search and directions. It's also available to third-party apps, making 3D Touch a time-saving, quasi-right-click in a touchscreen world. Saying Hello to Siri Picture 9 of 17 When Siri came on the scene in 2011, it promised a virtual assistant experience, letting you access iPhone functions with just the sound of your voice. It doesn't always deliver on that promise — we're a little tired of Siri directing us to the web when it doesn't understand a question and Amazon's Alexa has since overtaken Siri as the voice-powered assistant of choice — but it's safe to say Siri is getting smarter with each iteration. It's also made the jump to other devices like the Mac and Apple TV, making it a more central part of Apple's ecosystem. Siri faces stiff competition among digital assistants, but it helped start the trend of voice-powered mobile devices. Photo: Michael Nagle / Getty Images A New Way to Message Picture 10 of 17 Other chat apps can lay claim to the emergence of messaging on mobile devices, but Apple's iMessage certainly played a role in why many turned away from SMS. The feature has been available since 2011 and its popularity has only soared in the last several years. Apple's iMessage makes it easy to send messages to folks across the Mac and iOS, effectively turning Apple's ecosystem into a sticky one you don't want to leave. It also lets you send photos and videos, and in iOS 10, Apple delivered several improvements, including built-in apps, rich links, and much more. It's one of the better messaging apps out there. MORE: Best Apps for iOS 10 Messages Easier File Transfers with AirDrop Picture 11 of 17 Before AirDrop made its way to iOS 7 in 2011, it was exceedingly difficult to transfer large files between your iPhone and the Mac. AirDrop took aim at that problem by letting you transfer files of any size to and from your iPhone. It's one of the unsung heroes of recent iPhone updates, but it's a big one for those who need to transfer files. Touch ID Secures Your Phone Picture 12 of 17 Apple's Touch ID came to the iPhone 5S in 2013 and has remained a part of the iPhone in subsequent hardware updates. The fingerprint sensor not only improves your phone's security by unlocking your iPhone only when your fingerprint is recognized, it also enables features like mobile payments through Apple Pay. And we could see more advances in the iPhone's fingerprint sensor, as many people expect Apple to move the sensor under the iPhone 8's display to free up more screen space. Photo: Justin Sullivan / Getty Images Better Living through iCloud Picture 13 of 17 Apple's iCloud was built from the ground up and made its way to the iPhone in 2011. While not without its troubles, the cloud storage feature has quickly become the backbone for Apple's many products and services, acting both as a tool to sync content between devices, as well as a storage place for files and folders. It's been a critical part of the improvements Apple has made over the year's to both music and photo storage on its mobile devices. Keeping in Touch with FaceTime Picture 14 of 17 Who needs to make phone calls when you can see what another person is doing with FaceTime? Since 2010, Apple's FaceTime video-calling app has made it simple to hold video conferences with friends and family. Better yet, Apple has improved the service over the years by allowing it to work over cellular networks and ensuring its compatibility with Macs and iPads. And with each new iPhone improvement, cameras get better, which makes FaceTime even more appealing. AirPlay Simplifies Streaming Picture 15 of 17 Apple's AirPlay is a wireless media streaming capability that came to the iPhone in 2010. The feature is designed to make it easy to stream video and audio from the iPhone to other devices, such as the Apple TV. What's more, in 2011, Apple showcased a mirroring feature that lets you share your screen with the Apple TV. Collectively, AirPlay features make it simple and easy to share and stream media. The iPhone Sets a Design Standard Picture 16 of 17 No talk of Apple innovation is complete without discussing the iPhone's design over the years. In the beginning, Apple's smartphone was a trendsetter, delivering a handset with a big screen and rectangular design that put the content front and center. Since then, the iPhone has used different materials, including aluminum and glass in various models. And looking ahead, there's talk of Apple bringing back glass (it was initially used in the iPhone 4 lineup) in its upcoming iPhone 8. Whatever Apple's plans, one thing is clear: design will continue to be a critical component in its future strategy while also influencing what other phone makers do with their devices. Photo: Mario Tama / Getty Images How the iPhone Changed the Mobile World The Must-Have Touchscreen A (Great) Camera In Every Pocket A New App Experience Starting a Mobile Gaming Revolution Pushing the Peformance Envelope Paying Straight from Your Phone Doing More with 3D Touch Saying Hello to Siri A New Way to Message Easier File Transfers with AirDrop Touch ID Secures Your Phone Better Living through iCloud Keeping in Touch with FaceTime AirPlay Simplifies Streaming The iPhone Sets a Design Standard About the author Don Reisinger Read more iPhone Smartphones Apple Latest in iPhone Round-Up Best iOS Games 2017 Round-Up Most Anticipated Phones of 2017 by Philip Michaels Jan 13, 2017, 9:10 AM News Huh? iPhone 8 Might Have Holes In It by Don Reisinger Jan 11, 2017, 5:38 AM Round-Up The Best iOS Apps You're Not Using (But Should Be) by John Corpuz Jan 10, 2017, 5:59 PM News iPhone 8 Rumors: What to Expect from Apple's 10th Anniversary iPhone by Don Reisinger Jan 10, 2017, 10:43 AM News All-Glass iPhone 8? New Report Says Yes by Don Reisinger Jan 10, 2017, 8:50 AM Round-Up Best Apps to Replace Apple's Built-in iOS Apps by John Corpuz Jan 10, 2017, 8:50 AM Add a comment Comment Firstname Submit Ask a Category Expert Create a new thread in the iPhone forum about this subject Title Title Subject Publish No comments yet Your comment Comment Firstname Submit The Latest On Tom’s Guide News 1 day This $100 Gadget Can Break Into Your Office Hands-On 1 day My Favorite Switch Game Is a Very Weird Brawler News 1 day Worried About Cyberwar? Worry About Squirrels Instead News 2 days How to Make Your Own Two-Factor Authentication Key Hands-On 2 days Nintendo Switch Is a Blast to Play, But It Needs More G... Round-Up 2 days Best Budgeting and Personal Finance Apps Round-Up 2 days Top 5 Startups to Watch in 2017 Best Picks 2 days Best & Worst Online Fax Services 2017 Best Picks 2 days Best 3D Printers 2017 Deals 2 days Best Tech Deals of 2017 Round-Up 2 days Best iOS Games 2017 Review 2 days Ultimaker 3 3D Printer Review: High-Quality Prints, for... Get our newsletter About Tom’s Guide About Us Contact Us More Sites Tom's Hardware Laptop Mag Follow Us Terms Of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Purch Privacy Policy Advertising U.S. Edition French Edition © 2017 Purch All Rights Reserved.
null
Skip to content × Search × -6.2 °Cforecast > Jobs | Contact | Tip line: 705-673-0123 Home News Local Police Lifestyle Sports Business Videos Neighbourhoods Automotive Around the North National Entertainment Local National Events Calendar Social Sudbury Lottery Results Horoscopes Crosswords Opinions Editorial Columns Letters to the Editor Obituaries Classifieds All Listings Post an Ad Your Ads Your Account Today's Ads Careers Announcements All Anniversaries Birthdays Births Graduations In Memoriam Lost & Found Weddings & Engagements Submit Community Acts of Kindness Community Information Contests More Advertise Staff Contact PDF Edition Northern Life Delivery Newsletter Feature Publications News Tip Financial Literacy NORM - Northern Ontario Rate Market Search Search Home Local News 10 neat things you can do with your iPhone Happy 10th Birthday iPhone! 0 Jan 9, 2017 6:00 PM by: Heather Green-Oliver Ten years ago today, Apple introduced the world to the iPhone. So to celebrate a decade of the technology, Sudbury.com has made a list of 10 neat things you can do with your iPhone. Ten years ago today, Apple introduced the world to the iPhone. So to celebrate a decade of the technology that's replaced our computers, alarm clocks, flashlights, cameras and even credit cards, Sudbury.com has made a list of 10 neat things you can do with your iPhone. 1. Make a hologram projector: Check out Sudbury.com's tutorial video to learn how you can transform your smartphone, iPad or tablet into your own personal hologram projector! 2. Shocking trick: We don't know how it works or why you would want to purposely inflict pain on yourself but if you draw a black square on your skin, press the camera directly onto it and take a photo with the flash on you will definitely feel something - trust us, we've tried it!  3. Create a microscope: Ever wonder what earwax looks like up close? Gross Science shows you how to turn your iPhone into a microscope using a some pieces of a laser pointer, poster tack and a flashlight. 4. Make a VR headset out of cardboard: Who knew! 5. DIY boom box: Pump up the volume with a toilet paper roll and two plastic cups! 6. Make a home projector for your phone: Did you know you can turn an old shoebox and some office supplies into a Smartphone Projector? Yes you can!  7. Use old phone as security camera Create home security cameras utilizing an old iPhone or iPad.  8. Turn your phone into a thermal camera: Now you can see what your life looks like in thermal! 9. Build your own laser pointer: With parts from an old DVD player and a 3.5mm jack you can transform your iPhone into a laser pointer. 10. Blend it? Seriously, do not try this at home: The iPhone 6 Plus didn't stand a chance against this powerful Blentec blender. Do not try this at home! Like what you're reading? Make us your homepage today! See a typo/mistake? Have a story/tip? About the Author: Heather Green-Oliver Read more > 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Email Text More Local News Traffic update: Bore drilling on Anderson Dr. in Lively Push for Change as Canadian as hockey and maple syrup, says organizer Finding the pathways to success for Aboriginal people Visit our homepage > Comments Top Stories Traffic update: Bore drilling on Anderson Dr. in Lively 0 Wolves land victory against Steelheads in shootout 0 Push for Change as Canadian as hockey and maple syrup, says organizer 0 Finding the pathways to success for Aboriginal people 0 Letter: Move parking meters away from dangerously high snowbanks 0 Videos Throwback Thursday: Journey back in time to the Royal Visit of 1939 10 neat things you can do with your iPhone More Videos > Sudbury.com 158 Elgin St. Sudbury, ON P3E 3N5 ph: (705) 673-5667 fax: (705) 673-4652 Send Feedback News Home Local News Neighbourhoods Police Opinions Lifestyle Entertainment Sports Letters Social Sudbury Videos Northern Life Home Delivery Advertise Staff Contact Facebook Twitter RSS PDF Edition Newsletter Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community City Services City Leisure Hospital Health Unit Announcements Events Obituaries Classifieds Community Builders Awards Influential Women Awards Northern Ontario Business Awards 40 Under Forty Awards Features Feature Publications Horoscopes Crosswords Lottery Results Movie Listings © 2017 Laurentian Publishing
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Biz Break: The iPhone remains a diamond after… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Wrestler ‘Superfly’ Snuka dead Most-wanted arrest Band’s free-speech fight More rain next week Bay Area inauguration events Tax tips Business Biz Break: Apple’s iPhone remains a diamond after 10 years Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) AP Photo/Paul SakumA Apple CEO Steve Jobs demonstrates the iPhone during his keynote address at MacWorld Conference & Expo in San Francisco, Tuesday, Jan. 9, 2007. Monday marked the 10th anniversary of the iPhone’s debut. By Rex Crum | rcrum@bayareanewsgroup.com | January 9, 2017 at 2:47 pm Top of the Order: Pop Those Corks: Traditionally, the tenth wedding anniversary is the tin or aluminum anniversary. That may be practical, but try giving your wife a roll of aluminum foil or a picture of the Tin Man from “The Wizard of Oz” as an anniversary gift for putting up with you for a decade and you might not make it another 10 years. No, better to stick with a gift from the “modern” list, which recommends diamond jewelry. Yeah, it may cost a few bucks more, but sometimes it’s better to be safe than sorry. No one ever really complains about diamonds. Related Articles Biz Break: President Obama gets into VR with new White House tour Biz Break: Tech leaders want to help Trump save $1 trillion Biz Break: Fitbit investors don’t like fit of Vector acquisition Biz Break: Nvidia puts up a new streaming Shield Biz Break: Apple boasts of big App Store business And if there was ever a diamond in the smartphone market over the last decade, it has been Apple’s iPhone. Yes, 10 years ago today, Apple CEO Steve Jobs took the stage at the Macworld show in San Francisco and changed the telecommunications industry forever by unveiling the first iPhone. I was at that event. The way the crowd at the Moscone Center reacted to Jobs showing off the iPhone, you would have thought Beyonce had just won the Super Bowl by herself on Christmas Day. All for a touchscreen phone that, for its base model, cost $499 for just 4 gigabytes of storage. It was that kind of crazy. Go back in time and read the press release Apple put out when it debuted the first iPhone. Sure, nothing was a given with that first iPhone. You had to be an AT&T customer to get one, and it wasn’t even a 3G phone, at that. This was back in the day when Blackberry was king, Motorola had some muscle and even Nokia was still a popular name. And as we all know, the iPhone left them all in its unforgiving wake. Remember the Microsoft Kin? Maybe not, but it never stood a chance. The Amazon Fire phone? The e-commerce giant stopped selling it after just a year. The Samsung Galaxy Note 7? It blew up, literally, enough times for the electronics giant to completely pull the plug on it. Even though iPhone sales have begun to decline, no single smartphone name on the market even comes close to Apple’s signature product. Sure, when Apple reported its fourth-quarter results, in October, iPhone sales were off by 13 percent from a year ago — and yet, Apple still sold 45.5 million iPhones, good enough for $28.2 billion in revenue. Think Google wouldn’t want just half of those numbers from its new Pixel phones? We’ve covered the iPhone 10th anniversary with a look at some of the device’s milestones over the last decade, as well as how a product that didn’t get universal acclaim at first managed to change nearly everyone’s life. Now, more than 1 billion iPhone sales later, it remains Apple’s world. The rest of us are just living in it, and waiting for the so-called iPhone 8 to arrive. Middle Innings: Meanwhile, in Canada: It took two years, but Apple has gotten off the hook north of the border. In case you missed it, Canada’s Competition Bureau said last Friday that it hadn’t found enough evidence to show that Apple had engaged in anti-competitive behavior with regards to selling the iPhone in Canada. Since December 2014, the CCB had been looking into allegations that Apple’s Canadian unit had forced mobile-phone operators in the country to hike the prices of other smartphones and had put restrictions on how those operators could market and sell the iPhone. The CCB said that it hadn’t found any evidence to suggest Apple’s business practices had a significant impact on competition in Canada. Russia moves against LinkedIn: Oh, Russia. Not again. Authorities in Russia have told Apple and Google to remove LinkedIn’s app from the companies’ app stores in the country, due to LinkedIn violating Russian laws that require internet companies to store data about Russian citizens on servers inside of Russia. LinkedIn’s own site was blocked from use within Russia because it stored the data about Russian citizens outside the country. Bottom of the Lineup: Here’s a look at how some leading Silicon Valley stocks did Monday. Movin’ on Up: Gains came from Ultra Clean Holdings, Rocket Fuel, Barracuda Networks, Natus Medical and Nvidia. In the Red: Decliners include Pandora Media, Chegg, IXYS, Tessera Holding and YuMe. The tech-focused Nasdaq Composite Index rose 0.2 percent to end the day at 5,531.82. The blue chip Dow Jones Industrial Average gave up 0.4 percent to finish at 19,887.38. And the broad-based Standard & Poor’s 500 Index ended the day off by 0.4 percent at 2,268.90. Quote of the Day: “One of the most overrated actresses in Hollywood.” — President-elect Donald Trump, who tweeted his comments about actress Meryl Streep on Monday after Streep gave a speech critical about Trump at the Golden Globe Awards Sunday night. Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com. Tags:  60 Second Biz Break Apple Google iPhone LinkedIn Personal Tech Personal Technology Technology Rex Crum Rex Crum is the senior web editor for the business section for The Mercury News and Bay Area News Group. He also writes about business and technology for the publications' print and web editions, and has covered business and technology for nearly two decades. A native of Seattle, he remains a diehard Seahawks and Mariners fan and is imparting his fandom to his Oakland-native wife and two young daughters. Follow Rex Crum @rexcrum Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Bay Area storms will make for a spectacular spring A failing marriage: 49ers and Santa Clara Santa Clara: Authorities release name of woman killed by Amtrak train Bay Area forecast: Another ‘atmospheric event’ hits next week San Jose: Retired firefighters who owe tens of thousands speak out Before and after photos: See how rains filled California reservoirs East Bay deputy reportedly jailed, fired in shooting Coroner’s Office names victim in year’s first traffic fatality More in Business What you need to know now about the upcoming tax season January 15, 2017, 9:31 am The Internal Revenue Service says to expect a few changes when the nation’s individual income tax filing season opens on Jan. 23. Trump backer Peter Thiel reportedly weighing gubernatorial bid January 15, 2017, 6:14 am Peter Thiel, the quirky billionaire who was one of the few high-profile Silicon Valley supporters of President-elect Donald Trump, is considering running for governor of California in 2018, Politico reported. SpaceX launches first rocket since explosion in Florida January 15, 2017, 7:13 am A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket blasted off from California on Saturday and placed a constellation of satellites in orbit, marking the company’s first launch since a fireball engulfed a similar rocket in September. Danville, San Ramon consider options for buying electricity January 14, 2017, 7:14 am Contra Costa County coordinating effort that could result in a joint powers authority involving several East Bay cities to buy cleaner energy Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 10 Charts to Celebrate the iPhone's 10th Birthday Look how far the iPhone has come. Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Jan 9, 2017 at 3:53PM CEO Tim Cook holds the billionth iPhone at an employee meeting in Cupertino. Image source: Apple. Ten years ago today, Steve Jobs introduced the product that would reshape not only Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), but also the world. That Macworld presentation will always be considered Jobs' greatest product introduction ever. In what now seems like common sense, Jobs noted that dynamic virtual buttons on a capacitive touchscreen enable endless flexibility and interface innovation, while "the bottom 40 [percent]" of all prior phones were occupied by physical buttons. Note that Apple wouldn't actually launch the device until June 2007, a rare instance of the company preannouncing a product. A decade ago, mobile computing meant carrying your laptop around with you and hoping to find a Wi-Fi hotspot. Nowadays, it means having any number of cellular-equipped mobile devices always within reach, be it a smartphone or a tablet. Apple's turnaround had already taken shape circa 2006, and the company was on firm financial footing thanks to the iPod's success, but the iPhone catapulted Apple to becoming the world's most valuable company. Here are 10 charts to celebrate the iPhone's 10th birthday. 1. Rising unit sales Last year marked the first time that Apple posted a year-over-year decline in iPhone unit sales. While the initial investor reaction was to fret, it's worth taking a moment to appreciate the incredible run. Data source: SEC filings. Chart by author. Calendar quarters shown. 2. A billion and counting Over the summer of 2016, Apple sold its billionth iPhone. Apple hosted an employee meeting to display the billionth unit (pictured above). Here's how it got there. Data source: SEC filings. Chart by author. Calendar quarters shown. 3. Soaring market capitalization I personally purchased shares of Apple for the first time in 2006, in July of that year for $60.83 (pre-split). Needless to say, buying Apple the year before the launch of the iPhone has been quite an investment. Shares are up 800% since the day of the unveiling. AAPL data by YCharts. 4. The rise of the smartphone user Before the iPhone, smartphones were a luxury relegated to the enterprise or high-end power users. The iPhone made smartphones approachable and easy to use, spurring mainstream consumer adoption. There are now over 2.5 billion smartphone users worldwide, according to KPCB's Mary Meeker. Image source: KPCB Internet Trends 2016. 5. The iPhone alone would be No. 12 on the Fortune 500 The next few don't go as far back, since Apple has changed its financial reporting a couple of times over the years (which breaks financial continuity). On a trailing-12-month basis, the iPhone became a $150 billion business in 2015. With the iPhone stalling in 2016, this figure has come down to "just" $137 billion. (The iPhone alone would rank as No. 12 on the Fortune 500.) Compare that to the $2.5 billion in revenue that the iPhone generated in its first year on the market (although Apple was required to account for iPhone sales under subscription accounting back then, stretching out revenue recognition). Data source: SEC filings. Chart by author. Calendar quarters shown. 6. iPhone is over 60% of sales It's common knowledge at this point that the iPhone is Apple's most important product by far, generating over 60% of sales. This proportion has also risen precipitously over the years, and is currently around 63% on a trailing-12-month basis. In its first year, the iPhone accounted for 8% of sales (same caveat about subscription accounting). Data source: SEC filings. Chart by author. Calendar quarters shown. TTM = trailing 12 months. 7. Apple hogs all the profits A couple of months ago, Strategy Analytics estimated that the smartphone industry collectively generated $9.4 billion in operating profits in the third quarter. Of that pie, Apple bagged a staggering 91% of the industry's profit, thanks largely to its superior pricing power. It also helps that Apple's scale affords it better leverage when negotiating component pricing, helping to reduce costs. Other estimates actually peg Apple's proportion of industry profits at over 100%, since most other companies' smartphone operations only generate losses. Data source: Strategy Analytics. Chart by author. 8. Pricing remains strong Speaking of superior pricing power, Apple has a unique ability within the smartphone industry to price at a premium with little pressure to reduce prices. Average selling prices (ASPs) are generally resilient (albeit with natural fluctuations), with no signs of deteriorating even amid intense competition. Apple is the only smartphone manufacturer that simply chooses not to participate in lower-end pricing segments. Data source: SEC filings. Chart by author. Calendar quarters shown. 9. Especially compared to Android Rapid commoditization of Android original equipment manufacturers has led to intense price competition and eroding prices and profits for the entire Android army. Of course, the upside of this approach is dramatic gains in unit share -- Android is by far the most dominant mobile platform today.  Data source: KPCB Internet Trends 2016. Chart by author. Estimates for 2016 as of June 2016. 10. Developers, developers, developers With the rise of the iPhone, the App Store has grown in lockstep. Apple announced just last week that it paid out $20 billion in 2016 to developers, and there are now over 2.2 million apps available from the repository. Apple often notes that it has created an entire app economy, and it's not lying. Data source: Apple. Chart by author. It's been a great decade for Apple and its shareholders. As much as investors would enjoy 800% gains from current levels, it would be too much to ask of the next decade. Evan Niu, CFA, owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Jan 9, 2017 at 3:53PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $119.04 down $0.21 (-0.18%) Read More Apple Inc. Earnings: Mark Your Calendar Tech Predictions for 2017 Apple, Inc. Continues to Slip in China Is Apple, Inc. Subtly Pushing Back on U.S. Manufacturing? Apple's App Store Earned $8.6 Billion Last Year Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 10 Charts to Celebrate the iPhone's 10th Birthday #stocks $AAPL
Skip to main content Toggle navigation Dowser Windows Errors Fixes and Guides DLLs iOS Software Update Failed Fix January 9, 2017January 9, 2017 Jenna K. Fixes and Guides This article is dedicated to the issue of a failed iOS update and contains a guide with a solution for this issue. The guide will work for all Windows versions and all versions of Apple iPhone. Though iPhones are traditionally known to have the most stable operating systems, it can sometimes happen that even they have certain issues. In this article we’ll be discussing the problem of your phone being stuck in recovery mode, or it being stuck on the Apple logo, etc. There are dozens of variations of essentially the same issue that is your iPhone not being able to boot properly. We’ve been receiving a number of requests asking to provide a working solution for this issue and that is precisely what we’re here for. There’s a tool called iCareFone, which is available for Windows users and one of its main uses is to fix crashes and technical faults of various kinds on Apple iPhones, including those caused by failed updates and such. So, once faced with an issue of this sort, where your smartphone refuses to start up as it should, simply head to instructions below and the crisis will be solved in no time. However, iCareFone is also the go-to tool for a variety of other issues, offering a number of different fairly useful features. One of those features is the ad-blocking one, for example. iCareFone is also capable of clearing disk space on your device by deleting junk files and various other unnecessary data. There are two versions of this software: there’s the trial versions, which is free, and the full version is obviously paid. The trial version will be enough for this purpose, but the full one offers additional functions, so be sure to check it out, if you’re interested. iOS Software Update Failed Fix How To Fix Boot Loop On iOS: First off, you’ll need to download the program in question onto your computer. You can do that directly from the manufacturer’s website here. Once downloaded, run the setup of the program by running the executable (.exe file). After this, connect your iPhone to your computer with the help of a USB cable. In the client of iCareFone click the green Fix Now button. In the new tab, click Start and wait for the process to finish. The program will update your device to the latest iOS version and will recover any lost data as well as apply some other repairs to your phone. When the process is finished, your iPhone should be able to start as usual. Let us know if this worked for you! Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Post navigation How to Convert MKV to AVI 0xC1900101 – 0x20017 Error Fix Search for: sparkling Theme by Colorlib Powered by WordPress We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Internet Alicia Keys, John Legend buckle up for 'Carpool Karaoke' series Alicia Keys, John Legend buckle up for 'Carpool Karaoke' series The spinoff show based on the viral videos from late-night host James Corden reveals a few of its all-star teams. It debuts on Apple Music this year. Internet by Anne Dujmovic January 9, 2017 1:53 PM PST @adujmo Up Next Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS Adele joined James Corden for Carpool Karaoke on "The Late Late Show" in January 2016. It became the top trending video on YouTube for all of last year.Photo by CBS via Getty Images If you can't get enough of celebrities singing while carpooling, put on your seat belt and listen up. New details have emerged about the upcoming "Carpool Karaoke" spinoff series, based on the hit videos from CBS' "The Late Late Show with James Corden." The spinoff show will make its debut on Apple Music later this year, CBS confirmed Monday, but a specific date hasn't been released. (Editor's Note: CNET is owned by CBS.) Apple ordered 16 episodes in July, saying they'd be available weekly through its streaming music service. It's the first series for Apple Music. Each episode will have a different host, with Corden set to make an appearance with actor Will Smith. Other pairings on the show will include musicians Alicia Keys and John Legend, along with Taraji P. Henson, star of the film "Hidden Figures" and TV's "Empire"; singer Ariana Grande and "Family Guy" creator Seth MacFarlane; and TV host and comedian Chelsea Handler and singer Blake Shelton. The details were revealed Monday during a panel at the Television Critics Association's winter press tour in Pasadena, California. "Carpool Karaoke" has grown into a viral hit, with the segment featuring chart-topping singer Adele ranking No. 1 on YouTube's list of top trending videos of 2016. CNET Magazine: Check out a sampling of the stories you'll find in CNET's newsstand edition, right here. Tech Enabled: CNET chronicles tech's role in providing new kinds of accessibility. Check it out here. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Internet Digital Media Apple Music Related Stories Is that Facebook post edited? Here's how to tell FCC Chairman warns Republicans against net neutrality repeal 15 Instagram photos that turn normal structures into toys Pardon Snowden petition delivered with 1 million-plus signatures Close   Discuss: Alicia Keys, John Legend buckle up for 'Carpool... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS CES and Detroit: Drink car tech from the firehose. (CNET on Cars, Ep. 103) Want to see the future of car technology? Cooley found it for you in Las Vegas and Detroit. by Brian Cooley 18:35 Nintendo Switch debuts with tons of info This week's biggest tech stories include a blowout of new information on Nintendo's next console, the tablet-hybrid Switch. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Planning to Open Flagship Store in Milan, Italy Monday January 9, 2017 12:53 PM PST by Joe Rossignol Apple is planning to open a flagship retail store underneath Piazza del Liberty, or Liberty Square, in Milan, the most populous metropolitan area in Italy, according to preliminary guidelines approved by the city's planning department last month. Render of planned flagship Apple Store in Milan, Italy The retail store will be developed by architecture firm Foster and Partners, who have partnered with Apple for several of its flagship retail stores around the world and its upcoming Campus 2 headquarters in Cupertino, California. The location is expected to be "one of the most innovative and technological Apple Stores in the world," and it will include an above-ground amphitheater where Apple plans to host at least eight public events of cultural significance per year. The amphitheater will "represent the heart of the square," with steps leading to an intermediate level between the square and the underlying store. An elevator will be included at the plaza level to ensure the store is fully accessible. A large glass screen made from a waterfall will mark the entrance to the store, which will take over the space currently occupied by Apollo Spazio Cinema. No timeline was outlined for completion of the project. Apple's upcoming store in Kunming, China In related news, Apple today announced it will open its next store in Kunming, China on January 21 at 10:00 a.m. local time. (Thanks, setteBIT and Storeteller!) Related Roundup: Apple Stores Tags: China, Italy 23 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) DailySlow 6 days ago at 01:55 pm You need an iconic fashion location , mega sales potential or sweet tax deal. What's NZ got? ;) HOBBITS! Rating: 4 Votes MH01 6 days ago at 01:05 pm And yet, still none in New Zealand even though we are on first round release for most hardware and software ....waiting You need an iconic fashion location , mega sales potential or sweet tax deal. What's NZ got? ;) Rating: 1 Votes cics 6 days ago at 07:06 am living in Milan myself, I cannot wait for it. There are already 2 flagship stores serving the metropolitan areas, but they are in 2 shopping malls quite far from the city center. [doublepost=1484061216][/doublepost] I wonder when it'll be ready. I'm going to be in Milan in April, would love to see it. Not sure if that's what they meant, but I am curious what they meant by "the most populous metropolitan area in Italy". I don't think will be ready by April. I have been to that place before xmas and didn't see anything but a xmas market. [doublepost=1484061344][/doublepost] You need an iconic fashion location , mega sales potential or sweet tax deal. What's NZ got? ;) If you take out "fashion", iconic location perfectly described NZ. I have been to New Zealand for a trip and it's definitely the best country I've ever visited so far. It's breathtaking! Rating: 1 Votes truskino 6 days ago at 04:08 pm ] Rating: 1 Votes profets 6 days ago at 05:27 pm Do you have a collection of Hard Rock Cafe T-shirts, as well? Do you have anything worthwhile to add on the topic, or do you just add to the useless noise that seems to fill MacRumors lately? Rating: 1 Votes Josh_NZ 6 days ago at 01:22 pm You need an iconic fashion location , mega sales potential or sweet tax deal. What's NZ got? ;) Haha! Touche! My main grievance is the fact that there are smaller cities than Auckland in the world that do have an Apple store, and yet we still dont. In all fairness, we have Gucci, Dior, Tiffany, Louis Vuitton, H&M, TopShop, Swarovski, Coach, Rodd & Gunn, Hugo Boss, Prada, and others... New Zealand also has pretty sweet tax incentives for off-shore companies and an apparently 'booming' economy with all of Apple's target market having a somewhat flush amount of disposable income. We were one of the first countries to have an online Apple Store, yet now we are one of (two?) that have an online shop with no physical store. Presently our only option is to fly internationally to Australia (4hours each way at $450+ return) to have the privilege of seeing the magical people in blue shirts. Rating: 1 Votes MH01 6 days ago at 01:26 pm Haha! Touche! My main grievance is the fact that there are smaller cities than Auckland in the world that do have an Apple store, and yet we still dont. In all fairness, we have Gucci, Dior, Tiffany, Louis Vuitton, H&M, TopShop, Swarovski, Coach, Rodd & Gunn, Hugo Boss, Prada, and others... New Zealand also has pretty sweet tax incentives for off-shore companies and an apparently 'booming' economy with all of Apple's target market having a somewhat flush amount of disposable income. We were one of the first countries to have an online Apple Store, yet now we are one of (two?) that have an online shop with no physical store. Presently our only option is to fly internationally to Australia (4hours each way at $450+ return) to have the privilege of seeing the magical people in blue shirts. I think that is ridiculous . Canberra of all places has a store! Mind you that was chosen based on the average income , kinda sad. NZ should have a physical store. Rating: 1 Votes weckart 6 days ago at 02:56 pm Not sure if that's what they meant, but I am curious what they meant by "the most populous metropolitan area in Italy". I think this sheds some light on it: Approx 8m people, so not surprising that the glitterati in and around Milan are getting a flagship store. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Milan_metropolitan_area Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories Apple Shares New 'Pairing,' 'Siri' and 'Notes' AirPods Ads 1 day ago on Front Page Apple today shared three ads highlighting the newly-released AirPods on its YouTube channel. Two of the ads are focused on AirPod features, like Siri and instant pairing, and star dancer Lil Buck... 158 comments Next iPhone Said to Have Even Better IP68-Rated Water Resistance 2 days ago on Front Page Apple's next-generation iPhone will feature IP68-rated water resistance, which would be an improvement over the IP67-certified iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, according to The Korea Herald.... 291 comments Apple vs. Samsung Lawsuit Over iPhone Design Officially Reopened 3 days ago on Front Page The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit on Thursday reopened a longstanding patent lawsuit related to Samsung copying the design of the iPhone nearly six years ago, following an order of... 200 comments Tesla-Bound Chris Lattner May Have 'Felt Constrained' by Apple's Culture of Secrecy [Update: Denied] 3 days ago on Front Page Earlier this week, Swift creator and LLVM co-author Chris Lattner announced he will be leaving Apple later this month—he is headed to Tesla to lead its autopilot engineering team as Vice President of... 97 comments Consumer Reports Reverses Course, Recommends MacBook Pro Following New Testing After Apple Bug Fix 3 days ago on Front Page Consumer Reports is out with an updated report on the 2016 MacBook Pro, and following retesting, the magazine is now recommending Apple's latest notebooks. In the new test, conducted running... 451 comments Court Rules Apple Can be Sued for Monopolizing iPhone App Market 3 days ago on Front Page A U.S. Appeals Court today ruled that App Store customers can move forward with a lawsuit claiming Apple created an illegal app monopoly because it did not allow users to purchase iPhone apps outside... 734 comments Apple Seeds Fourth Beta of iOS 10.2.1 to Developers and Public Beta Testers 3 days ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the fourth beta of an upcoming iOS 10.2.1 update to developers and public beta testers, a few days after seeding the third iOS 10.2.1 beta and a month after releasing iOS 10.2, the... 45 comments A 10.5-Inch iPad Pro Could Match the 12.9-Inch Model's Resolution and the iPad Mini's Pixel Density 3 days ago on Front Page Apple is rumored to be working on a new iPad Pro that adopts an edge-to-edge display, and while it's said to be somewhere around 10 inches, there are a lot of mixed rumors about the specific size... 174 comments • Apple's Lisa Jackson Joins Federal Committee Advising on Vehicle Automation (42) • Apple Plans to Launch Original TV Shows Comparable to 'Westworld' and 'Stranger Things' By End of 2017 (213) • Apple Set to Earn $1 Trillion in Revenue From iOS Ecosystem By Middle of 2017 (79) • Worldwide Mac Sales Remain Steady in 4Q 2016 Amid Continuing PC Market Decline (200) • Tony Fadell Shares New Details on Prototype iPhone Software With Virtual iPod Clickwheel (57) • AirPods Have Captured One Quarter of Wireless Headphone Spending Since Launching (174) • iPhone Captured 31% of Smartphone Sales in the U.S. Ahead of Holiday Season (127)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade The Binding of Issac, The Nintendo Switch, and More! - The TouchArcade Show #290 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth' 'Sonny' Review - An Accessible Social-Style RPG Without IAP 'Card City Nights 2' Under Development, Adds Online Multiplayer 'Rome: Total War' iPad Developer Feral Interactive is Teasing Two Mysterious iOS Games AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Apple FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! Apple Seeds New Betas of iOS 10.2.1, macOS 10.12.3, watchOS 3.1.3 & tvOS 10.1.1 GO Can be installed by developers and public testers alike Jan 9, 2017 22:24 GMT  ·  By Marius Nestor  ·  Share:  Today, January 9, 2017, Apple has refreshed its Beta releases with the third installation in the upcoming series of the iOS 10.2, macOS 10.12 Sierra, watchOS 3.1, and tvOS 10.1 operating systems. Beta 3 and Beta 2 builds have been seeded for iOS 10.2.1, macOS 10.12.3 Sierra, watchOS 3.1.1, and tvOS 10.1.1, which are now available for developers and public testers alike, allowing anyone to test drive the upcoming maintenance releases of Apple's operating systems for mobile, desktop, Apple Watch, and Apple TV. The new Beta versions are tagged as build 16D25a for macOS 10.12.3 Beta 3, build 14D23 for iOS 10.2.1 Beta 3, build 14S959 for watchOS 3.1.3 Beta 2, and build 14U711 for tvOS 10.1.1 Beta 2. As expected, the tvOS 10.1.1 Beta is only available for the 4th generation Apple TV as Apple is no longer supporting the 3rd generation model. As for the changes brought by the new Betas, the release notes inform us that iOS 10.2.1 Beta 3 makes it possible for the new TV app to be restored after it is deleted. tvOS 10.1.1 Beta 2 includes general bug fixes and security improvements, and the macOS Sierra 10.12.3 Beta 3 update improves the stability, compatibility, and security of your Mac. Here's how to install the new Beta builds Apple has seeded If you're using a previous Beta release of the upcoming iOS 10.2.1, macOS Sierra 10.12.3, watchOS 3.1.1, and tvOS 10.1.1 operating systems, you should already know how to update your device to the newly announced builds. Please note that, in order to be able to install watchOS 3.1.1 Beta 2, you'll need to have the latest Beta of iOS 10.2.1 installed. Run the Sierra Developer Beta Access Utility to download and install the latest macOS Sierra 10.12.3 Beta. We've also prepared two in-depth tutorials that'll teach you how to install the iOS 10 and macOS Sierra Betas so check them out here and here. However, we have to warn you that you shouldn't install these builds if you're looking for a stable experience. #iOS 10.2.1 Beta 3#macOS 10.12.3 Beta 3#watchOS 3.1.1 Beta 2#tvOS 10.1.1 Beta 2#Apple subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Fitbit Finally Working on an Apple Watch Killer FBI Refuses to Say Who Hacked San Bernardino Terrorist’s iPhone Apple Plans to Open Its First Apple Store in Samsung’s Home Turf Opera 44 to Add Support for Apple’s MacBook Touch Bar It's Now Possible to Use openSUSE Inside Windows 10, Here's How to Install It Barnes & Noble Halts Sales of Nook Tablets Due to Faulty Chargers Android Co-Founder Andy Rubin Working on a Premium Bezel-less Smartphone Lenovo Confirms New Moto Smartphones Will Be Unveiled at MWC 2017 Debian GNU/Linux 8.7 "Jessie" Live & Installable ISOs Now Available for Download - Exclusive Linus Torvalds Announces Fourth Linux 4.10 Kernel Release Candidate, Get It Now Debian Outs First Release Candidate of Debian GNU/Linux 9 "Stretch" Installer Sony G3112 and G3221 Smartphones Coming Soon with MediaTek Helio P20 CPUs    iOS 10.2.1 Public Beta 3 new ios apps NeuroNation: Train your brain to improve your memory and focus with NeuroNation Flipagram: Create cool videos by mixing up your photos with music Timer+: Set up dozens of timers and control them all with ease Nutshell Camera: Create some pretty cool videos with Nutshell Camera IKEA Catalogue: Check out the IKEA Catalogue for more than just furniture Complete: Complete puts a social twist to your regular to-do list/ task manager WebMD Baby: WebMD Baby offers help in how to best tend to your baby Reader comments Early Competing iPhone Prototypes Shown in Video more on: Apple i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Does Apple need to make an Amazon Echo/Google Home speaker, or just make Siri better? Trending in Apple 10 years on, how the iPhone changed our lives, reactions from the 9to5Mac team Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for January 9 AAPL: 118.99 1.08 Apple planning new flagship retail store in Milan, Italy with outdoor amphitheater Chance Miller - Jan. 9th 2017 2:08 pm PT @ChanceHMiller Apple Retail View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit As Apple continues to expand its retail presence around the world, the company is said to be planning a new flagship location in Milan, Italy. According to a local report, Apple’s preliminary guidelines for the store were approved by the city’s planning department last month. According to the report, Apple has big plans for this location and intends to make it much more than just another retail store. The report notes that the location will be “one of the most innovative and technological Apple Stores in the world.” Apple’s plans depict an outdoor amphitheater where it plans to host culturally focused events throughout the year, with it already having agreed to host 8 public events per year with potential for at least an additional 4 events per year. Apple’s amphitheater is said to be “the heart of the square.” The entrance of the store will be marked by a glass screen made from a waterfall. The interior is also said to be fully modernized and redesigned.  Here’s how local media describes it (translated from Italian): Behind this is a glass screen made from a waterfall, which will mark the entrance to the store at an altitude of -3.24 meters from the plaza level. At the store you can also access from the stairs that will be realized within the so-called ‘portal,’ a fully glazed structure whose sides are placed two bowls of water, as well as two flights of stairs on either side of the steps and a lifter in the square to ensure the full accessibility of the shop. They will also be the interior completely renovated that currently house the Apollo cinema, redone flooring, reposition the neighboring grids to Via San Paolo and planted some trees. Italian city planners call the location an “ambitious project” that will offer a new place for both citizens and tourists to visit. Apple will be paying the City of Milan € 768,732.15 for the cost of reconstruction of Liberty Square, while the company will also pay € 127,435 per year for use of the public square areas. At this point no timetable has been set forth for the new Apple Store in Milan. It’s said that it will be designed by Foster and Partners, who are also designing Apple’s new flagship location in Paris and the company’s new Campus 2 headquarters. Apple is rapidly expanding around the world, with retail stores planned for South Korea, the country’s first, as well as Paris, China, and India. Guides Apple Retail View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 4:42pm Mon 16 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Confused Apple customers are finding coins in their MacBooks and no one knows why 9:04 AM Tuesday Jan 10, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Apple Inc Gadgets ICT News Technology Sponsor message.   Video will play in Play now Don't auto play Never auto play You could own a laptop for years and never open it up to look inside, but if you do you might find something unexpected. Apple customers across the world have reported incidents of finding coins inside their MacBooks, and nobody is sure exactly why this is happening. Some have suggested the money has fallen inside the laptops while others have blamed an Apple conspiracy or, an even more extreme theory, witchcraft, Daily Mail reports. Some have said the coins could be offering a kind of support to the laptop, for example fixing a defect in the drive. But others disagree. Photo / eddie360 Imgur Last week an Imgur user posted photographs revealing a quarter inside the plastic coating of his MacBook's SuperDrive. The user said they could not work out how the coin got there. But this is not the first time - the incidents of finding coins, reports Gizmodo, date back as far as 2010. In a 40 second video posted on YouTube, another customer called Greg Kilpatrick showed a quarter he found in his computer. "Same thing happened here, and I can't find anyone who knows why it is there. I have a 1970 quarter," one commenter said on the video. Continued below. Related Content The iPhone at 10: A decade later, is the smartphone's golden era over? Apple's App Store sales soared 40pc to $28 billion last year Video Watch: Confused customer finds coin inside his Apple MacBook The most common explanation offered by people discussing it online is the coins have fallen in or been pushed in, for some reason. "We'd find stuff like this all the time," said one commenter on the Gizmodo article, who used to work for Apple's Genius Bar tech support. "Ninety per cent of the time, it was the result of kids shoving things in the Optical Drive. "We'd find coins, paperclips, SD cards, you name it. If it was slim enough to fit in the slot, we'd find it in there." Another user said strange objects falling inside laptops is common. "Can't count the number of interesting things I've pulled out of macbook super drives," Reddit user eljefe87 said. "Clothes tags, hairpins, money, toothpicks, playing cards, etc. Sometimes there's even a DVD!" The most common explanation offered by people discussing it online is the coins have fallen in or been pushed in, for some reason. Photo / ianlafo Imgur Later in 2010 another photo surfaced on Experts Exchange depicting a penny similarly caught beneath the plastic shielding. In 2013, a photo of a Canadian quarter trapped inside a SuperDrive was posted to Mac Rumors. Some have said the coins could be offering a kind of support to the laptop, for example fixing a defect in the drive. Last week an Imgur user posted photographs (pictured) revealing a quarter inside the plastic coating of his MacBook's SuperDrive. Photo / Greatease Imgur But others disagree. "Why would it be a coin, why would they not make a separate piece to go there... very strange,"' said one commenter. Other people offered less logical explanations, including one commenter who said "this is a form of witchcraft." - Daily Mail Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Man appears in court on charge of unlawfully taking farm bike A Northland man who allegedly stole a farm bike from a repair shop then crashed it less… Hawke's Bay Today A sure-fire way to get moving I've joined the Fitbit Brigade. Yes, I'm now officially one of those people who walk… Bay of Plenty Times Elin Tawharu runner-up in under-18 girls' division Raglan's Billy Stairmand smashed a 30-year record by securing his sixth title in the… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Chevrolet build life-size Batmobile for Detroit Auto Show Chevrolet preview new direction, with creation of new Batmobile for Detroit show... Viva What to cook with those holiday leftovers Make use of your leftovers with these eight recipes True Commercial Positive - with cautionary notes Heads of commercial agencies are generally upbeat about 2017 but... Says Colin Taylor More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf05 at 16 Jan 2017 16:42:48 Processing Time: 620ms
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: A Look at Two PayPal Competitors Can ClearXchange and Apple Pay rival PayPal in the wide-open mobile payments race? John Ballard (TMFRazorback) Jan 9, 2017 at 3:48PM Image source:  PayPal Holdings, Inc. The mobile payment landscape is getting crowded. Major technology companies like Google, Facebook, and Amazon, along with big banks and credit card issuers, are jockeying for position in a fast growing market. As mobile payments adoption expands, the services that are easy to access and easy to use are in the best position to lead the race. PayPal Holdings (NASDAQ:PYPL) has been leading the race for over ten years. Two competitors that could give PayPal a run for its money is a new peer to peer (P2P) payment service, ClearXchange, and Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) own mobile payment service Apple Pay. Big banks have an answer for Venmo ClearXchange is owned by Bank of America, BB&T, Capital One Financial, JP Morgan Chase, PNC Financial Services Group, U.S. Bancorp, and Wells Fargo. Some of the top banks in the world are already in the ClearXchange network and reach over 250 million people. It is the banks' response to the popularity and growth of PayPal's P2P payment service, Venmo, which is growing rapidly and is on pace to process about $20 billion in annual transaction volume over the next four quarters. ClearXchange offers a very straightforward and convenient service. All you need to send someone money is an email address or mobile phone number. The money is sent directly from the senders' bank account to the recipients'. Even if someone holds a bank account not included in the ClearXchange network, they can still sign up to receive payments. On top of the convenience of transferring money directly in and out of bank accounts, the service is fee free. However, Venmo is also free for all transaction types except credit cards. While the ability to directly transfer money to and from bank accounts is attractive, it's not clear whether ClearXchange differentiates itself enough to persuade Venmo's core users, millennials, to use it. One reason for the growth of Venmo is that it is not associated or owned by traditional financial institutions, an aspect that appeals to a younger generation. Both PayPal and Venmo users can still send money or pay for goods even if there is insufficient funds in their account balance, making these services as easy and convenient to use as ClearXchange. Apple has the numbers Perhaps a more significant elephant to battle against is Apple Pay. Since Apple Pay's launch in 2014, Apple has been quietly signing up banks and credit unions worldwide to allow credit and debit cards to be enrolled in Apple Pay. Recently, Apple added support for 17 more credit unions and banks bringing the total to over 1,600 worldwide. Although Apple doesn't disclose specific numbers, the service seems to be enjoying growing adoption. In 2016, CEO Tim Cook reported that 75% of all contactless payments in the U.S. were through Apple Pay.  Apple Pay transactions increased nearly 500% year over year in the most recent quarter. More transactions were completed in September 2016 than the entire fiscal 2015. Apple's major partners reported that Apple Pay has the highest conversion rate of any digital wallet, and management expects two-thirds of the top 100 retailers to support Apple Pay in 2017. Apple Pay was launched for the Safari web browser for the first time in September 2016, opening up another avenue for users to engage with the service.   This success is not surprising. Apple is one of the most recognized brands in the world and has sold over one billion iPhones since the launch of the original in 2007, giving Apple a huge installed base. Of course, some of these purchases are upgrades for existing users, and some people may not even use an iPhone anymore. One analyst estimates the total installed base of Apple's iPhone is around 400 million. By comparison, PayPal had 192 million active customer accounts at the end of September 2016. Whatever the exact number for Apple's installed base, it's reasonable to assume Apple has a potential customer base that rivals PayPal's. The important distinction for Apple is its control over both hardware and software. Since Apple designs the hardware and software, it can control access to hardware components and software functionality inside an iPhone. Because of this closed system, only Apple can program software to access the Near Field Communication (NFC) chip inside iPhones and Apple Watches. The NFC chip in an iPhone 6 or later model connects wirelessly to a NFC chip reader in a retail store, for example, to share payment data. The NFC chip enables Apple Watch users to simply turn the crown or wave their wrist in the air, wait for a beep, and, voila, payment sent. Third-party app developers, such as PayPal, do not have the luxury of allowing its users to wave their wrists in the air to send payment.   There's no winner-take-all Although Apple does not disclose specific operating metrics for Apple Pay, the statistics CEO Tim Cook discloses on conference calls are enough to assume Apple's total payment volume (TPV) is growing along with the mobile payments industry. The good news for PayPal is that its own TPV has been growing consistently at 20% or more since the launch of Apple Pay. The parallel growth of these two services along with the continued growth of credit card issuers, Visa and MasterCard, highlights the size of the opportunity for all payment solutions. PayPal management puts the company's addressable market at $100 trillion. Over the last four quarters, PayPal's TPV is $336 billion, so there is a very long runway of growth, not only for PayPal, but its competitors as well. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. John Ballard owns shares of PayPal Holdings. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (C shares), Amazon.com, Apple, Facebook, Mastercard, PayPal Holdings, and Visa. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Ballard (TMFRazorback) None Article Info Jan 9, 2017 at 3:48PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $119.04 down $0.21 (-0.18%) PayPal Holdings NASDAQ:PYPL $41.60 up $0.04 (0.10%) Read More PayPal Isn't Letting Its Visa and MasterCard Deals Bring It Down What to Watch at PayPal in 2017 An Obvious Winner of the E-commerce Revolution PayPal Joins Forces With Visa: Smart Move PayPal's Revenue Growth Continues Unabated Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool A Look at Two PayPal Competitors #stocks $AAPL, $PYPL
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 10 Charts to Celebrate the iPhone's 10th Birthday Look how far the iPhone has come. Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Jan 9, 2017 at 3:53PM CEO Tim Cook holds the billionth iPhone at an employee meeting in Cupertino. Image source: Apple. Ten years ago today, Steve Jobs introduced the product that would reshape not only Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), but also the world. That Macworld presentation will always be considered Jobs' greatest product introduction ever. In what now seems like common sense, Jobs noted that dynamic virtual buttons on a capacitive touchscreen enable endless flexibility and interface innovation, while "the bottom 40 [percent]" of all prior phones were occupied by physical buttons. Note that Apple wouldn't actually launch the device until June 2007, a rare instance of the company preannouncing a product. A decade ago, mobile computing meant carrying your laptop around with you and hoping to find a Wi-Fi hotspot. Nowadays, it means having any number of cellular-equipped mobile devices always within reach, be it a smartphone or a tablet. Apple's turnaround had already taken shape circa 2006, and the company was on firm financial footing thanks to the iPod's success, but the iPhone catapulted Apple to becoming the world's most valuable company. Here are 10 charts to celebrate the iPhone's 10th birthday. 1. Rising unit sales Last year marked the first time that Apple posted a year-over-year decline in iPhone unit sales. While the initial investor reaction was to fret, it's worth taking a moment to appreciate the incredible run. Data source: SEC filings. Chart by author. Calendar quarters shown. 2. A billion and counting Over the summer of 2016, Apple sold its billionth iPhone. Apple hosted an employee meeting to display the billionth unit (pictured above). Here's how it got there. Data source: SEC filings. Chart by author. Calendar quarters shown. 3. Soaring market capitalization I personally purchased shares of Apple for the first time in 2006, in July of that year for $60.83 (pre-split). Needless to say, buying Apple the year before the launch of the iPhone has been quite an investment. Shares are up 800% since the day of the unveiling. AAPL data by YCharts. 4. The rise of the smartphone user Before the iPhone, smartphones were a luxury relegated to the enterprise or high-end power users. The iPhone made smartphones approachable and easy to use, spurring mainstream consumer adoption. There are now over 2.5 billion smartphone users worldwide, according to KPCB's Mary Meeker. Image source: KPCB Internet Trends 2016. 5. The iPhone alone would be No. 12 on the Fortune 500 The next few don't go as far back, since Apple has changed its financial reporting a couple of times over the years (which breaks financial continuity). On a trailing-12-month basis, the iPhone became a $150 billion business in 2015. With the iPhone stalling in 2016, this figure has come down to "just" $137 billion. (The iPhone alone would rank as No. 12 on the Fortune 500.) Compare that to the $2.5 billion in revenue that the iPhone generated in its first year on the market (although Apple was required to account for iPhone sales under subscription accounting back then, stretching out revenue recognition). Data source: SEC filings. Chart by author. Calendar quarters shown. 6. iPhone is over 60% of sales It's common knowledge at this point that the iPhone is Apple's most important product by far, generating over 60% of sales. This proportion has also risen precipitously over the years, and is currently around 63% on a trailing-12-month basis. In its first year, the iPhone accounted for 8% of sales (same caveat about subscription accounting). Data source: SEC filings. Chart by author. Calendar quarters shown. TTM = trailing 12 months. 7. Apple hogs all the profits A couple of months ago, Strategy Analytics estimated that the smartphone industry collectively generated $9.4 billion in operating profits in the third quarter. Of that pie, Apple bagged a staggering 91% of the industry's profit, thanks largely to its superior pricing power. It also helps that Apple's scale affords it better leverage when negotiating component pricing, helping to reduce costs. Other estimates actually peg Apple's proportion of industry profits at over 100%, since most other companies' smartphone operations only generate losses. Data source: Strategy Analytics. Chart by author. 8. Pricing remains strong Speaking of superior pricing power, Apple has a unique ability within the smartphone industry to price at a premium with little pressure to reduce prices. Average selling prices (ASPs) are generally resilient (albeit with natural fluctuations), with no signs of deteriorating even amid intense competition. Apple is the only smartphone manufacturer that simply chooses not to participate in lower-end pricing segments. Data source: SEC filings. Chart by author. Calendar quarters shown. 9. Especially compared to Android Rapid commoditization of Android original equipment manufacturers has led to intense price competition and eroding prices and profits for the entire Android army. Of course, the upside of this approach is dramatic gains in unit share -- Android is by far the most dominant mobile platform today.  Data source: KPCB Internet Trends 2016. Chart by author. Estimates for 2016 as of June 2016. 10. Developers, developers, developers With the rise of the iPhone, the App Store has grown in lockstep. Apple announced just last week that it paid out $20 billion in 2016 to developers, and there are now over 2.2 million apps available from the repository. Apple often notes that it has created an entire app economy, and it's not lying. Data source: Apple. Chart by author. It's been a great decade for Apple and its shareholders. As much as investors would enjoy 800% gains from current levels, it would be too much to ask of the next decade. Evan Niu, CFA, owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Jan 9, 2017 at 3:53PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $119.04 down $0.21 (-0.18%) Read More Apple Inc. Earnings: Mark Your Calendar Tech Predictions for 2017 Apple, Inc. Continues to Slip in China Is Apple, Inc. Subtly Pushing Back on U.S. Manufacturing? Apple's App Store Earned $8.6 Billion Last Year Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 10 Charts to Celebrate the iPhone's 10th Birthday #stocks $AAPL
printed January 15, 2017 See this page online at: http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php?a=18604 ≡ Reviews Phones Phone Finder News Carriers OSes Glossary Forums Register Log In Advertising Licensing About Contact Privacy Terms of Use Home  ›  News  › Apples Seeds More iOS, watchOS Betas Article Comments   Jan 9, 2017, 1:47 PM   by Eric M. Zeman   @phonescooper updated Jan 9, 2017, 1:47 PM Apple today made a slew of betas available for its core operating systems. iOS 10.2.1 beta 3 is the most important for developers as Apple prepares the next minor update to its platform. watchOS 3.1.3 beta 2 is also available, as is tvOS 10.1.1 beta 2, and macOS Sierra 10.12.3 beta 3. Apple didn't spell out any specific changes in this round of betas, which are believed to focus on bugs fixes and performance improvements. Public testers can expect to see updated betas for their devices in a day or so. more info at iOS 10.2.1 beta 3 » more info at watchOS 3.1.3 beta 2 » Related Apple news   Apple phones iOS news AD Comments Start a new discussion You must log in to post. No messages yet     Page  1  of 1 Tweet this Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Email this Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS     Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Phone Scoop on Facebook Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube Follow on Instagram   About Contact Terms of Use All content Copyright 2001-2017 Phone Factor, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission. 1 OK Log In  or  Register Forgot password By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. (full privacy policy)
Search for: About DCK Data Center World Subscribe Events Training Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Companies White Papers Regions Infrastructure Design Power Cooling Green Modular Data Centers DCIM InfoCenter Servers Downtime Networking Sectors Cloud Computing Big Data Bitcoin Executive Government Supercomputing / HPC Managed Hosting Colocation Storage DCIM InfoCenter Webcasts Industry Perspectives Data Center Knowledge Top Trending Articles Microsoft to Reorganize Partner, Service Teams, Promises No Job Cuts Digital Realty Signals the Gloves are Coming Off in 2017 Here are the Top Data Center Stories of 2016 Managed AWS Cloud 'Fastest Growing Business Rackspace Has Ever Had', President Says What 2016’s Top Data Center Stories Say About the Industry Previous Article Secondary Market Specialist Peak 10 Buys Louisville Data Center Next Article Switch Gets All A’s, Four Providers Fail Green Data Center Test by Greenpeace (Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images) Apple, Blades Report: Apple to Consolidate Server Production in Arizona by Yevgeniy Sverdlik  on January 9, 2017 Add Your Comments Tweet In a move that may somewhat appease President-elect Donald Trump – who has criticized Apple for outsourcing iPhone manufacturing to China – the company is reportedly planning to consolidate production of servers that populate its data centers around the world in Mesa, Arizona. The company has applied for permission to produce servers and data center cabinets at the former 1.3 million-square foot manufacturing plant in Mesa it is converting into a data center and, apparently, a computer assembly facility. The application to the federal Foreign-trade Zones Board seeks permission to produce “finished products” at the site and to ship materials and components from overseas without paying customs duty. An anonymous source familiar with Apple’s data center operations told Business Insider that the company has been producing servers for its data centers at individual data center sites but plans to consolidate production at the Mesa facility. While it’s not unusual for companies that operate data centers at Apple’s scale to design their own IT gear, it is unusual for them to also assemble it in-house. Companies like Facebook, Microsoft, and Google usually outsource actual production of their custom servers and network switches to design manufacturers in Asia. Apple, like the three companies mentioned above, is a member of the Open Compute Project, the open source data center hardware design community founded by Facebook. Unlike its peers, however, Apple has yet to make an official design contribution to OCP. One possible reason Apple is keeping hardware production in-house is that it considers its server designs a competitive advantage and doesn’t want to expose them to contract manufacturers. Previous Article Secondary Market Specialist Peak 10 Buys Louisville Data Center Next Article Switch Gets All A’s, Four Providers Fail Green Data Center Test by Greenpeace Tweet Get Daily Email News from DCK!Subscribe now and get our special report, "The World's Most Unique Data Centers." Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. About the Author Yevgeniy Sverdlik (1281 Posts) San Francisco-based business and technology journalist. Editor in chief at Data Center Knowledge, covering the global data center industry. Related Stories Phoenix Report: Arizona Wants to Hop on Data Center Tax Break Bandwagon by Karen Riccio on August 13, 2015 State officials mulling new tax breaks that would benefit likes of CyrusOne and IO, as well as Apple and Microsoft Read More Apple Report: Apple Rethinking Data Center Strategy by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on June 8, 2015 Company looks to use more commodity hardware, build own long-haul network to interconnect data centers Read More Apple Firefighters Put Out Fire at Future Apple Data Center in Arizona by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on May 26, 2015 Investigators suspect incident was caused by problem with solar panels Read More Apple Report: Arizona Tax Bill Would Benefit Apple Data Center by Jason Verge on February 26, 2015 Culpertino-based company is converting a massive manufacturing plant into a data center and investing in renewable energy in the state Read More Apple Apple Data Center Coming to Arizona by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on February 2, 2015 Company to remodel former GT Advanced factory in Mesa Read More Add Your Comments Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (required) (will not be published) Website Get Daily Email News from DCK! Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Plus RSS Feeds Featured Cloud Articles Cold Storage in the Cloud: Comparing AWS, Google, Microsoft Top Cloud Providers Made $11B on IaaS in 2015, but It’s Only the Beginning Featured Cooling Articles Dell Designs Custom Liquid Cooling System for eBay Data Centers Yahoo Wants to Sell Its ‘Chicken Coop’ Data Center Designs Archived Articles Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 Inside DCK About Us Advertise Staff Contact Us Submit News Submit Guest Column Site Map Hot Topics DCIM News Downtime HPC / Supercomputing Facebook Apple Microsoft Google Northern Virginia New York Silicon Valley North Carolina News Channels White Papers Events Calendar Virtualization Consolidation Open Compute Internet of Things Storage Convergence Disaster Recovery Managed Hosting Content Delivery Site Selection Investing Stay Connected Daily Email Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Data Center Videos Humor Webinars Hosting and Cloud Web Hosting Talk HostingCon WHIR Hosting Catalog Hottest Hosts Data Center Data Center Knowledge Data Center World AFCOM Web Development Hot Scripts DB Forums Performance Marketing ABestWeb Consumer Tech Windows Secrets Overclockers Mac Forums Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Services Advertise Hosting By: LiquidWeb Powered by Penton Copyright © Penton Thank you Thank you for providing feedback. We receive a lot of feedback/requests so we cannot always respond immediately. We will do our best to respond to your feedback.
null
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Technology & Science CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Technology & Science Quirks & Quarks Blog Spark Photo Galleries On the iPhone's 10th anniversary, how it revolutionized smartphones 'Everyone copied it thereafter because there really wasn't any other way of doing it,' said one expert By Nicole Mortillaro, CBC News Posted: Jan 09, 2017 4:02 PM ET Last Updated: Jan 13, 2017 12:03 PM ET The iPhone changed the smartphone industry forever. (Carl Court/Getty Images) Nicole Mortillaro Senior Writer, Science and Technology Nicole has an avid interest in all things science. As an amateur astronomer, Nicole can be found looking up at the night sky appreciating the marvels of our universe. She is the editor of the Journal of the Royal Astronomical Society of Canada and the author of several books. Related Stories Canadians not terribly savvy about digital privacy, poll finds Apple to cut iPhone production in Jan-March quarter: report An enormous, $13K cell phone? Yup, in 1986 External Links Gizmodo University of Toronto Apple Gazette (Note: CBC does not endorse and is not responsible for the content of external links.) This year marks the 10th anniversary of the iPhone, a device that quickly impressed consumers and took over the smartphone industry. 5 major moments in cellphone history 'We're paying with our data': Why privacy can be a problem with apps When the first smartphone was introduced — IBM's Simon in 1992 — it was viewed as a technological leap.  The first smartphone was IBM's Simon Personal Communicator. (Wikimedia Commons) Though it opened the door to future smartphones, it didn't catch on quickly. In fact, it took almost 10 years for the smartphone to achieve widespread public appeal. BlackBerry quickly took a foothold in the market, with its business platform that allowed consumers to use Microsoft applications such as PowerPoint and Excel on their mobile phones. However, on January 9, 2007, Apple announced the iPhone: a sleek device that looked like something out of Star Trek. It was released on June 29 that year. This wasn't a phone that was geared to the business world; it was a phone that was designed to appeal to the general public. A review by Gizmodo accurately predicted, "This is what the phone of the future will look like." It's important to note that, while Apple didn't invent all the things that it used in its iPhone, its packaging and integration of all that functionality certainly turned the smartphone industry on its head. It's all about touch The first touchscreen dates back to 1965. It even has a Canadian connection, as researchers from the University of Toronto played a crucial role in the development of multitouch and gesture technology. 'After the iPhone, all phones looked like it.' - Joshua Gans, Rotman School of Management But when Apple introduced its first iPhone, the idea that you could use your fingers to zoom in on images and more was something revolutionary. Instead of a phone that came with a screen and a keyboard, all consumers had was a flat, black screen that turned on when you touched its home button. Owners could use their fingers to scroll, click on applications and more. It was as though technology had leaped into the future. "It was a dominant design," Joshua Gans, professor of strategic management at Rotman School of management told CBC News. "After the iPhone, all phones looked like it." Goodbye, physical keyboard Looking back to the television series Star Trek: The Next Generation, which ran from 1987 to 1994, the tablets the crew used seemed to belong to a future of space travel.  Our phones were used mostly as, well, telephones, and even as new technology was developing, keyboards kept their traditional form. However, 13 years later, Apple chose to do away with that, creating a keyboard that was instead integrated into its screen. Within a year, other phone manufacturers began to follow suit.  "You had to get rid of a physical keyboard because ... it was the only way you were going to get apps, because each app had a different keyboard need," said Gans. "Once you had apps, you had an entire economy that could be built off mobile devices." The iPhone 4, Samsung Galaxy S3 and Nokia Lumia 820 and the iPhone 4 (L-R). Smartphones introduced by companies other than Apple have all adopted the features it introduced along its evolution. (Dado Ruvic/Reuters) Cameras, cameras, everywhere Many dislike the modern-day proliferation of selfies and they might want to blame Apple. When the first iPhone was introduced in 2007, it came with what today is considered a measly two-megapixel camera. Apple wasn't the first to introduce a cell phone camera (that goes to Sharp with its whopping 110,000-pixel camera — though it wasn't widely available outside of Japan). However, Apple soon realized that it could capitalize on a better camera, and was quick to make changes. Fast-forward to 2017 and the iPhone 7 comes with a 12-megapixel camera, optical image stabilization, and an f/1.8 aperture which allows it to photograph in low light. It also comes with 4K high-resolution video. The whole package Many people accuse Apple of ripping off already developed tech, but what Apple seemed to do right was package it all together.  "It's not the stuff inside, it's the way it's put together," said Gans. "That's the key … the whole device was something that other phone makers didn't think was possible, and yet they knew the parts. And everyone copied it thereafter because there really wasn't any other way of doing it." The App Store, introduced in 2008, was what likely propelled the iPhone to "it" gadget status. It made smartphones go from technology that people used to actually speak with one another, to devices that allowed users to lose themselves in games, chats and social media.  "The iPhone killed the phone. The phone is so unimportant now," Gans said. "People never really wanted to talk on the phone, it turns out." FROM THE ARCHIVES An enormous, $13K cell phone? Yup, in 1986 Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Top News Headlines 'The super-rich and the rest of us': 2 richest Canadians have wealth equal to 11 million poorest Stern warning from CIA to Trump, as press corps waits for walking papers Market forces align against oilsands though innovation promises an upside read comments Trudeau's shuffled cabinet: Generational renewal or benched expertise? read comments In final interview as president, Obama warns people not to 'underestimate' Trump Latest Technology & Science News Headlines Typing in 'the zone': Why the physical QWERTY keyboard still matters to some read comments audio How a small southern Alberta town became a drone hotspot audio SpaceX launches 1st rocket since explosion in Florida Scientists call for tri-national conservation effort to save monarch butterfly Text messages from the dead Quirks & Quarks Emotional Hangovers, Slime Mold, Self Repairing Roads The Top Science Stories of 2016 Most Viewed Typing in 'the zone': Why the physical QWERTY keyboard still matters to some Newly discovered ruby sea dragon seen alive in wild for 1st time SpaceX launches 1st rocket since explosion in Florida Scientists call for tri-national conservation effort to save monarch butterfly Trump picked Giuliani for his cybersecurity expertise — but many industry members haven't heard of his work Spelunking on Mars: Bob McDonald Putting a kid-friendly filter on Instagram's terms of use Nintendo hits reset with launch of Switch Moon is older than we thought, new research suggests Scientists map beaver genome for Canada's 150th birthday Don't Miss How Canadians are keeping Black Lives Matter website online The Current Fun and games: Why we should take time to play Antimatter Scientists measure antimatter atom for 1st time Blog Climate change as seen from space: Bob McDonald Who would want access to 1 billion Yahoo accounts? Canadians couldn't stop Googling Drake, Trump in 2016 Opinion A tech company that cares — now that would be innovative Profile 'This game is not over yet:' Arctic researcher has hope we can turn corner on climate change Snapchat, Skype, BBM not protecting users' privacy, says Amnesty International 'Invulnerability illusion' leaves younger people exposed to web frauds WW1 U-BOAT Engineers stumble on WWI German submarine sunk by 'sea monster' TOMATOES Study explains why tomatoes lose their flavour in the fridge Rigorous rules proposed for recreational drone flyers, documents show Rockstar Games announces Red Dead Redemption 2 for fall 2017 release Rural reboot: Salinas, Calif., turning crop pickers into computer programmers Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Skip to content 512 Pixels About Projects Sponsor Book → RSS → iPhone: A Decade’s Worth of Impact  January 9, 2017January 10, 2017 ⌘ Permalink Unlike Marco, I didn’t follow along as Steve Jobs unveiled the original iPhone ten years ago. I was into Apple — and a Retail employee — at the time, but on January 9, 2007, I was in rural North Carolina visiting family members. I remember getting a bunch of texts from my co-workers and nerd friends saying that Apple had just introduced something that seemed impossible. I remember poring over the original webpages Apple published, trying to squeeze every drop of information out of them over my aunt’s dial-up connection. I don’t know when I finally got to see the keynote video, but like everyone else, I believe it was Jobs’ best performance. Today, we are introducing three revolutionary products: The first one is a widescreen iPod with touch controls. The second is a revolutionary mobile phone. And the third is a breakthrough Internet communications device. An iPod. A Phone. An Internet communicator. An iPod. A Phone. Are you getting it? These are not three separate devices. This is one device. We are calling it iPhone. Today, Apple is going to reinvent the phone. taken with iPhone 7 Plus Steve Jobs is gone, but the impact of his phone is unlike anything we’ve seen in consumer technology since the personal computer revolution. It’s hard to come up with a profession or corner of the world that hasn’t been touched by the iPhone. I was 20 when it was announced. Like people whose parents brought home early PCs or Macs, I was just about the perfect age to really understand life before and after the iPhone. I’d like to talk about what it’s meant to me. Widescreen Video iPod Jobs led with this one, as the iPod was still a superstar at the time. While the iPod is all but gone today, the iPhone is the hub for most of my media consumption. Music, YouTube videos, podcasts and more all flow out of my iPhone on a daily basis. That last one is critically important to me, as podcasts pay my mortgage. After a rocky start, the iPhone has become an amazingly rich platform for podcasts. There are tons of great clients for discovering and listening to shows, and recording in the field with just a phone still seems like magic. A Revolutionary Mobile Phone While I don’t make as many phone calls as I did when I had a J-O-B job, I use my iPhone to communicate with people every day. iMessage and Slack constantly have red badges. I hold Skype calls while pacing my studio and FaceTime my wife and kids when I’m out of town. In his keynote, Jobs lumped the iPhone’s camera into the “phone suite,” which made sense in the day of cameraphones. The iPhone democratized a lot of technology, perhaps none more than the digital camera. We all walk around with amazing hardware in our pockets. While I have a couple “real cameras,” countless photos I’ve taken over the years have been snapped with a long line of iPhones. I wish the early ones held up better, but that’s the march of progress. Today, I can shoot 4K videos of my kids playing on the swing set, then go take stunning photos of a sunset. It’s really amazing to consider how far it’s come. A Breakthrough Internet Communications Device Out of the three, this one got the least applause ten years ago. It was the most abstract concept, and some of us were still bitter sad about the Newton. Without a doubt, it’s become the most important. Of the 987124 billion iPhone apps, most of them fall into this category. The iPhone has become the Internet to millions of people around the world. This is as true for me as anyone else. I met a lot of the people I now work with on Twitter. Chances are, you’re reading these very words on an iPhone. My career of podcasting and writing would be possible without the iPhone, but it sure has made it easier to reach a wide audience. Are You Getting It? I’m not smart enough to know what comes after the smartphone. Like the personal computer, I think it will enjoy a long time at the top. That’s fine by me. taken with original iPhone Post navigation ← Previous Post Next Post → RSS Sponsorship: LinkLocker is a lightweight bookmarking service with an emphasis on privacy. Sign up today for a free three-day trial.     Aqua and Bondi My book about the computer that saved Apple and the road to OS X is on sale now on the iBooks Store and as a PDF. 512 Pixels is a blog written by Stephen Hackett about things that light up and make noise. Follow via RSS or Twitter. Extra goodies: YouTube | Apple History Library | Archive | Contact copyright 2008-2017, Hackett Technical Media, LLC made with love in Memphis, Tennessee
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter 10 Years Ago Today: Steve Jobs Introduces the iPhone Monday January 9, 2017 12:01 am PST by Joe Rossignol Today marks the tenth anniversary of the day Steve Jobs introduced the original iPhone at Macworld in San Francisco. In what has become one of the most iconic moments in Apple's storied history, Jobs teased the device as if it were three separate products: a widescreen iPod with touch controls, a revolutionary mobile phone, and a breakthrough internet communications device. Apple began selling the iPhone six months later, and nearly a decade later, the company has now sold well over 1 billion of them to customers around the world. iPhone sales continued to rise on an annual basis until 2016, when the smartphone experienced its first-ever year-over-year sales decline amid a down year for Apple. Nevertheless, the iPhone remains Apple's most successful product ever, accounting for 60% of the company's overall revenue last quarter. "iPhone is an essential part of our customers' lives, and today more than ever it is redefining the way we communicate, entertain, work and live," said Tim Cook, Apple's CEO. "iPhone set the standard for mobile computing in its first decade and we are just getting started. The best is yet to come." Apple upended the mobile phone industry that was then dominated by earlier entrants such as Nokia and BlackBerry, two companies that are effectively out of the market today. Jobs poked fun at "smartphones" of the era, quipping they were "not so smart" and "not so easy to use," while criticizing outdated hardware features such as physical keyboards and styli. In turn, he introduced revolutionary new features such as Multi-Touch and scrolling to big rounds of applause. Since then, Apple has improved the iPhone each year by adding several new features: • 2008: App Store and 3G network support • 2009: Video recording and Personal Hotspot • 2010: Retina display • 2011: Siri and iCloud • 2012: Taller 4-inch screen, Lightning connector, and LTE • 2013: Touch ID • 2014: Larger 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens • 2015: 3D Touch, Live Photos, and 4K video recording • 2016: Waterproofing and dual-lens camera on iPhone 7 Plus "It is amazing that from the very first iPhone through to today's newest iPhone 7 Plus, it has remained the gold standard by which all other smartphones are judged. For many of us, iPhone has become the most essential device in our lives and we love it," said Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of marketing. 2017 is expected to be a big year for the iPhone, with rumors suggesting at least one new model will feature glass casing with a curved OLED display. The device may sport a nearly bezel-less edge-to-edge design with no physical Home button, but rather Touch ID embedded directly into the display as both patented by Apple and technologically possible. Other rumored features include wireless charging, facial or iris recognition, and a vertical dual-lens camera capable of 3D photography effects. Tag: Steve Jobs [ 328 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) JayIsAwesome 1 week ago "An iPod, a phone, and an Internet communicator. An iPod, a phone … Are you getting it? *crowd erupts* These are not three separate devices, this is one device, and we are calling it iPhone. Today, today Apple is going to reinvent the phone." That part always gives me goosebumps man. Damn, I miss Steve Rating: 95 Votes farewelwilliams 1 week ago "A large tablet, a slightly smaller tablet, and an even slightly smaller tablet. These are three separate devices. This is not one device. And we call it...confusion." Rating: 45 Votes Christian 5G 1 week ago RIP Steve. The person that changed the world. Rating: 40 Votes Sunnysunnysingh 1 week ago iPhone is the best smartphone in the world today. Rating: 32 Votes muasachi 1 week ago Thank you to the whole design teams. You guys really changed the world. I'll never forget what it's like to hold the original iPhone for the first time. Rating: 28 Votes Hedwigg 1 week ago And they are so full of themselves and incapable of managing their product pipeline that they can't be ars'ed to announce the next iteration on the same day 10 years later.........because the difference between a game-changing innovation (then) and 'thinner' (now) would make them look even greater fools. Just curious... from looking at the history of your posts, it appears you're only on MacRumors to complain about Apple. Are you just trolling? Looking for attention? What is it that brings you here to speak nothing but negative things? Rating: 21 Votes villicodelirant 1 week ago Oh, you mean it's been 10 years already since the whole of humanity went full zombie? Time flies, good. Rating: 21 Votes Relentless Power 1 week ago "What we want to do is make a leapfrog product that is way smarter than any mobile device has ever been, and super-easy to use. This is what iPhone is. OK? So, we’re going to reinvent the phone." Steve Jobs quote in 2007. Well stated. Rating: 20 Votes Appleaker 1 week ago I can't believe it's been 10 years. Hopefully Tim means it when he says "the best is yet to come". Rating: 20 Votes c0ppo 1 week ago I can't believe it's been 10 years. Hopefully Tim means it when he says "the best is yet to come". As far as TC is concerned, best is always coming. It's just that it's kinda hard to believe him, since it never comes. And when he introduces 'the best', he leaves a lot of people disappointed (iPhone 7, new MBP, etc.). :) Rating: 19 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories Amazon Reveals Curated TV Subscriptions Strategy with 'Anime Strike' Prime Channel 14 hours ago on iOS Blog Amazon launched Anime Strike this week, the company's first self-branded content to appear under its Channels subscriptions program for Prime members. Anime Strike offers U.S. Prime members... 25 comments MacRumors Giveaway: Win a Case or Sleeve for Your MacBook From WaterField Designs 2 days ago on Mac Blog For this week's giveaway, we've teamed up with WaterField Designs to offer MacBook and MacBook Pro users a chance to win a Syde MacBook Case or a Maxwell Sleeve for their notebooks. ... 14 comments Nintendo Switch Parental Controls App Will Let Parents Remotely Control Switch Console 3 days ago on iOS Blog In the wake of major reveals surrounding the Nintendo Switch and its launch titles, Nintendo has announced a new app coming to smartphone devices that will allow parents to set granular control... 38 comments Sharp Executive Says Plan for Foxconn LCD Plant in U.S. is Still 'On The Table' 3 days ago on iOS Blog Foxconn and Sharp are looking closer than ever to building a manufacturing plant within the United States, according to one Sharp executive who said that the plan is still "on the table" (via... 24 comments Rome: Total War – Barbarian Invasion Coming to iPad This March for $4.99 3 days ago on iOS Blog Feral Interactive has announced it is bringing ROME: Total War – Barbarian Invasion to iPad this March. The title is a standalone expansion pack to the critically acclaimed ROME: Total War, which was... 15 comments Sonnet Unveils Thunderbolt 3-to-PCIe Card Expansion Systems for 2016 MacBook Pros 3 days ago on Mac Blog Sonnet Technologies yesterday launched its first Thunderbolt 3-to-PCIe card expansion systems for 2016 MacBook Pros, the Echo Express SEL — Thunderbolt 3 Edition and the Echo Express SE I —... 28 comments Ecobee3 Smart Thermostat Update Adds HomeKit Support for Remote Sensors 3 days ago on iOS Blog Smart wireless thermostat maker Ecobee is rolling out a firmware update to Ecobee3 devices that brings individual HomeKit support to the device's remote sensors for the first time. The... 36 comments Safari Users Unable to Play Newer 4K Video on YouTube in Native Resolution 3 days ago on Mac Blog Reddit users have recently discovered that YouTube refuses to stream newly uploaded 4K video in its native resolution if the website is accessed through Safari web browser. The issue was first... 68 comments • Google Maps Users Can Now Book and Pay for Uber Rides Without Ever Leaving the App (10) • Universal Search Bar Coming Soon to Snapchat's iOS App (4) • Apple Increases Maximum tvOS App Size to 4GB (73) • Adobe's Research Team Experimenting With Voice-Based AI, Digital Face Painting (5) • Flash Sale: Get a $100 iTunes Gift Card for $85 and More (22) • Apple Seeds Fourth Beta of macOS Sierra 10.12.3 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available Too] (33) • Akitio Launches 2.5" Quad Thunderbolt 3 Storage Device for New MacBook Pro (25)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade The Binding of Issac, The Nintendo Switch, and More! - The TouchArcade Show #290 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth' 'Sonny' Review - An Accessible Social-Style RPG Without IAP 'Card City Nights 2' Under Development, Adds Online Multiplayer 'Rome: Total War' iPad Developer Feral Interactive is Teasing Two Mysterious iOS Games AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Signout RegisterSign in Long Reads Life Indigenous Sexuality Test your 'Lingo' SBS HOME On Demand Guide By Day By Channel By Genre By Language Programs Radio Radio Podcasts Radio Schedule SBS Chill SBS PopAraby SBS PopAsia SBS PopDesi World News radio Your Language Shop SBS Shop News SBS World News Dateline Insight Living Black The Feed NITV News Census Explorer Power of 1 Small Business Secrets Cycling Football Movies Food Comedy News News Home Latest News US Election Featured Topics First Day Stories Paris 2015 Syria Conflict Europe's Refugee Crisis True Stories Podcast Comment & Analysis Video Galleries Audio National World Asia-Pacific Middle-East Europe Africa North America South America Business Sport 10 Jan 2017 - 9:31am iPhone celebrates 10th birthday Previous Next Image Video 1/ Audio The iPhone continues to fascinate the masses, even as critics bemoan the lack of recent innovations from Apple. Source: AAP 10 Jan 2017 - 8:20 AM  UPDATED 10 Jan 2017 - 9:31 AM Tweet As the late Apple boss Steve Jobs appeared on Macworld conference stage on January 9, 2007, attendees were already expecting the premiere of an Apple smartphone. But Jobs first sought to sow a little confusion. "Today we are introducing three revolutionary products," Jobs said. "The first one is a wide-screen iPod with touch controls. The second is a revolutionary mobile phone. And the third is a breakthrough internet communications device." Was he really introducing three new devices? Soon everyone in San Francisco's Moscone Centre knew what he meant: "These are not three separate devices, this is one device. And we are calling it iPhone." Apple had reinvented the phone, Jobs said. As it turned out Apple had invented far more: a way to comfortably carry a fully functioning computer in one's pocket. Mike Lazaridis, at the time co-head of smartphone pioneer Blackberry, watched the Jobs announcement in his fitness room and began to ponder. A smartphone that can download music, videos and maps? How could they do it without overwhelming mobile networks? Indeed, some of the first iPhone users complained of clogged networks. A year later Apple provided the iPhone with a faster 3G wireless connection. With the iPhone 3GS in 2009, Apple started the tradition of denoting small model alterations with the letter "S." With the iPhone 4, Apple in 2010 again took a big step forward. The radical new design impressed customers with its the high-resolution screen. The iPhone went on to become a mega-seller and led to Apple becoming the most valuable company in the world. More than one billion iPhones have been sold in the product's 10-year history. In the process Jobs reversed the power dynamic in telecommunications, forcing network providers to dance to his tune, rather than the opposite. The iPhone's influence was challenged only by Google's Android operating system, used by Samsung and many others. At the premiere a decade ago, Jobs referred to how the iPhone and its software were protected by patents. But these did not prove especially effective in a bitterly fought patent war. Apple saw only small legal success against Samsung, but could not stop Android. While the Google system runs on more than 80 per cent of all smartphones, Apple still takes the dominant share of profits in the industry. In 2014, current Apple boss Tim Cook and Google co-founder Larry Page ended the patent war. The enormous economic success of the iPhone led to environmentalists and human rights activists making Apple responsible for many of the industry's woes. Greenpeace charged in 2007 that the iPhone was made with dangerous chemicals. Also, Apple above all was blamed for poor working conditions at Chinese subcontractor Foxconn - not other customers like Hewlett-Packard, Dell, Microsoft or Sony. And every September, when Apple unveils a new model, consumer watchdogs debate if it is really necessary to purchase a new iPhone. Jobs' successor Cook has emphasised that environmental protection principles be respected and, if possible, only conflict-free raw materials used. He also pushed for better conditions in Chinese factories. The debate around Apple has become less about politics and more about whether the company is still capable of innovation after Jobs' death. Jobs died on October 5, 2011, a day after Cook introduced the iPhone 4S. Cook's performance can be considered in pure economic terms. The iPhone 6 launch in 2014 was especially successful, with holiday season purchases of the larger model driving up iPhone sales 46 per cent to about 74.5 million units sold. In the last year, iPhone sales fell for the first time since entering the market. Critics doubt if the iPhone 7, with few new features, can reverse the trend. Advertisement Advertisement Trending SBS Mourinho plays down clash with Klopp Ibrahimovic strikes late as United hold Liverpool Who on earth turned down Trump's inauguration invite before he got to Pauline Hanson? Here's the truth about the 'free ride' that some Australians think Indigenous peoples get Everton v Manchester City Trending News 'Thank you all for peeing here': SNL takes aim at Trump press conference Melbourne mother pleads guilty to murdering her three children in lake crash Spicy food may lead to longer life: study Nazi camp dig unearths Anne Frank link Australian billionaires richer than the bottom fifth of the population In Social Stay Connected with SBS News Stay Connected with SBS News Vertical Tabs Newsletter Newsletter Subscribe now Podcast Podcasts Listen now RSS RSS Subscribe now txinfo Watch on SBS ONE 6.30pm nightly and 10.30pm Mon-Fri, listen at 6am & 6pm Mon-Fri. Stay Connected with SBS News Newsletter Subscribe now Podcasts Listen now RSS Subscribe now Watch on SBS ONE 6.30pm nightly and 10.30pm Mon-Fri, listen at 6am &amp; 6pm Mon-Fri. In Social Subscribe Facebook 822.8K Follow Twitter 265.7K Watch YouTube 8.2K Follow Google+ 0.9K Advertisement Back to top Copyright Terms & Conditions Privacy Disclaimer Your online preferences Audience Technical Support Complaints Contact Media Releases The SBS Charter Codes of Practice Policies & Publications Freedom of Information Public Interest Disclosure Freeview Using this Website FAQs Our Story Commissioned Content Translations & Subtitling Sales & Advertising Tenders & Purchasing Opportunities SBS International Publicity Media Centre Careers How to receive SBS TV & Radio How to get my Program on SBS What SBS tells me about Australia Why SBS introduced commercials The SBS Board of Directors SBS Shop NITV Podcasts CQ Cultural Intelligence Newsletters
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path CES2017 NintendoSwitch OperaNeon HTC CES2017PhotoBlog Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Cell Phones/ 10 Years of Weird iPhone Smells 10 Years of Weird iPhone Smells By Evan Dashevsky January 9, 2017 10 Comments Let's pause to recall the strange aromas people have said they've noted coming from their iPhones in the last decade. VIEW ALL PHOTOS IN GALLERY It's crazy to think that it's been a decade since Apple unleashed its little pocket-sized super gadget. Not only has the iPhone cemented Apple as the world's most powerful brand, it's fundamentally changed the way society functions. That's not an oversell. The first-generation iPhone marked the beginning of the modern, ubiquitous connected mobile era. Suddenly the Internet was no longer a thing that plugged into the wall in your house, it was a thing that followed you out onto the streets and into your daily commute. The iPhone also also introduced consumers to the concept of a multi-touch interface. No longer was the virtual world something you accessed through the medium of a mouse and keyboard; it was something you could literally reach out and touch—not to mention, pinch, tap, and swipe. VIEW ALL PHOTOS IN GALLERY By any metric, the iPhone has been nothing short of revolutionary. And, as is the case with any revolutionary notion, there can be a steep learning curve for the masses. Consumers didn't know quite what to make of this crazy new product. What kind of things are normal? What kind of things should we expect? So, it's perhaps not so surprising to find that users took to the official Apple "Discussion" forum to talk about the odd smells and aromas emanating from their magical little future slab (be they real, imagined, or outright fakes). Let us take an alternate retrospective by remembering past generations of the iPhone with some of the confusing aromatic experiences users had at the time! Note: We found these by searching the phrase "iPhone smells like" on the discussion board. The vast majority of the query returns had to do with burning smells, which we didn't include. 1. "Glue they use on braces" (iPhone 3GS) 2. Nail Polish (iPhone 4) Note: A nail polish aroma was a common complaint in the iPhone 4 era. 3. Bubble Gum (iPhone 4) 4. Strawberry and Battery (iPhone 4s) 5. "Strange smell by the power button" after dropping in the toilet (iPhone 4s) 6. Mold (iPhone 5) 7. Body Odor (iPhone 6 leather case) 8. Cigarettes (iPhone 6 leather case) 9. Moldy Cheese There was no official suggestion from Apple on this one, but I feel like this one probably has an easy fix. Bonus! U2 Album Apple irked iTunes users in 2014 when it gave all users a free digital copy of Songs of Innocence, U2's latest album at the time. That seemed like a cool idea until it was discovered that Apple automatically placed Songs of Innocence into iTunes users' accounts. Naturally, this caused quite the stir; people weren't too keen on having content forced in their accounts without their consent. VIEW ALL PHOTOS IN GALLERY Back to top Previous : ZTE's Crowdsourced Phone Gets a Name, a Price, and Needs You... The Best Upcoming Phones of 2017 Next : By Evan Dashevsky Features Editor Evan Dashevsky is a features editor with PCMag and host of our live interview series The Convo. He can usually be found listening to blisteringly loud noises on his headphones while exploring the nexus between tech, culture, and politics. Follow his thought sneezes over on the Twitter (@haldash) and slightly more in-depth diatribin' over on the Facebook. More » More Stories by Evan Is the Smartphone Already Obsolete? Modern smartphones have had a good run, but the next big technological paradigm might already be her... More » WATCH LIVE: Astronauts Upgrade the ISS During Spacewalk Astronauts Shane Kimbrough and Thomas Pesquet are floating in the vacuum of space. How's YOUR mornin... More » How to Change Your Name, Handle on Social Media Kim Kardashian briefly removed 'West' from her name on social media accounts this week, and the Inte... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles A Visual History of the iPhone The Best of CES 2017 17 Hulu Tips for Streaming TV Fans The Best PC Games of 2017 The Booth Babes (and Bros) of CES 2017 13 Apps to Help You Keep Your New Year's Resolutions »See More //Related Reviews Apple iPhone 7 Plus Google Pixel Motorola Moto Z Force Droid Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge The Best Phones of 2017 //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Monday, January 9, 2017 [Tweets] [Favorites] LG Ultrafine 5k Reviews Colin Cornaby: I picked up the Thunderbolt 3 to Thunderbolt 2 adapter, and hoped my [2013] MacBook Pro would be able to drive this display. […] There were pretty obvious signs that this wasn’t an Apple product. The display was wrapped in a foil textured sort of wrap instead of the soft paper Apple uses. And the display very unhelpfully came with an Energy Star sticker pre-applied directly on the screen, which was at least easy to peel off. I’ve only bought Apple displays (with a display I borrowed for a gaming PC being the only exception), so the noticeable decline in packaging quality was bittersweet. […] I downloaded SwitchResX which revealed something very interesting about how Apple handles the LG Ultrafine on older Macs. Apple is rendering the screen at 5k, but then downsampling it to 4k and sending it to the display. So my computer acts as if it is attached to a 5k display, even though it can push a 4k image. That’s a really clever enhancement that almost makes this display worth it for older Mac owners. Even with only 4k output, it could be a great drop in replacement for an Apple Thunderbolt Display, with a noticeable increase in image quality and P3 support (with a bit of help from SwitchResX.) Apple has clearly thought about the Apple Thunderbolt Display sized hole that is being left in their lineup for Macs that haven’t rolled over from Thunderbolt 2 yet. Rene Ritchie: That’s not to say Apple didn’t have a lot to do with the engineering — everything that makes it work so well with a MacBook Pro using just one Thunderbolt 3 cable. But the outside, what we look at, is nothing like Apple. There are also compromises here. That gorgeous image and convenient charging all in one cable comes at a price — there’s precious little bandwidth left for other ports and peripherals. […] That asterisk is Apple recommending you not use the LG display as the primary display on a Mac mini or Mac Pro, since it may not light up until after you boot, rendering pre-boot options unusable. Sadness. […] Rumor has it the LG UltraFine 5K display uses the same if not a very similar panel to the iMac with Retina 5K display. To my eyes, though, it isn’t as glossy. That’ll please those who prefer more matte displays. Personally, though, I find the slight difference distracting and would have preferred if LG had finished it to match the MacBook Pro exactly. It’s especially noticeable when looking at both the MacBook Pro and the LG display at an angle. Robert Gottlieb: I have to plug in my ethernet to usb-c directly to my laptop to get the full speed out of it. I’m guessing something about the 5 GB connections on the back is limiting it somehow :( I’m thoroughly unimpressed with this monitor now. I do like the display but there are so many inconveniences so far that I’m seriously considering taking it back. But then I’m stuck with: What do I replace it with? Do I adapt a display port to usb-c and use up another port to power my mac with it’s power brick? Luk Vandal: If I had to do it again, I’d keep my iMac 5K/rMBP combo and wait a year or 2 until Apple solves USB-C and DisplayPort issues. Peter Zignego: It’s almost as if by not controlling the product start to finish Apple is sacrificing quality here. Previously: MacBook Pro Ethernet Adapter Benchmark. Update (2017-01-12): Ken Yarmosh: After just a day of use, we’re planning to return the new LG UltraFine 5K monitors to Apple. Performance issues and poorly designed. James Dempsey: Just got told by @AppleSupport to contact LG support about 5K monitor. This was so much better when Apple made the whole widget. It’s my newly delivered LG 5K display in its little-known ‘Two Pixel Mode’. Its either this or blank connecting new MBP in clamshell mode. Max Schoening: 1 out of 5 times plugging in the 5K LG monitor into a MBP throw a kernel panic. 1 out of 8 connected peripherals don’t work. Ortwin Gentz: Received my UltraFine 5K display today. Sadly it’s DOA. Works only with Apple Power brick attached and then kernel_task spins up to >100%. Color Display Ethernet Mac MacBook Pro Retina Thunderbolt USB-C Comments Stay up-to-date by subscribing to the Comments RSS Feed for this post. Leave a Comment Name E-mail (will not be published) Web site ←  → Blog Archives Tag Cloud RSS RSS Comments Trackback Try my apps: DropDMG EagleFiler SpamSieve Copyright © 2000–2017 Michael Tsai.
Monday, January 9, 2017 [Tweets] [Favorites] Voice-Based Personal Assistants Spencer MacDonald: The Alexa app on iOS is clearly a hybrid app, in fact I would say it is predominately web based. There are a few strange behaviours with navigation (sometimes you press back and it appears to pop an entire web view from the navigation stack, thus you actually go back multiple steps) and it doesn’t use native controls which can be quite jarring at times. The app works, but I’m pleased that besides the initial configuration you don’t have to use it. It does have a nice feature where it shows you all the events you have triggered, and also (rather creepily) allows you to playback the audio from any of your requests that triggered Alexa, which is good for when you ask yourself “Why did it do that?”. […] Obvious I couldn’t review Alexa without making the comparison to the other assistant in my life, Siri. After living with the Echo for a few months, the detection and transcription capabilities of Alexa on the Echo is leaps and bounds ahead of Siri on the iPhone 7. Alexa is also better at answering general questions, like the weather, unit conversion etc. However I feel that Siri’s intents API implementation means that for the few supported domains (8 as of iOS 10), your interactions feel a lot more natural compared to when interacting with a Skill. In short they are both coming at the problem from different directions, Alexa is currently winning but in my opinion that has a lot to do with the hardware. Ben Thompson (Hacker News): In short, Amazon is building the operating system of the home — its name is Alexa — and it has all of the qualities of an operating system you might expect[…] […] That leaves the business model, and this is perhaps Amazon’s biggest advantage of all: Google doesn’t really have one for voice, and Apple is for now paying an iPhone and Apple Watch strategy tax; should it build a Siri-device in the future it will likely include a healthy significant profit margin. Amazon, meanwhile, doesn’t need to make a dime on Alexa, at least not directly: the vast majority of purchases are initiated at home; today that may mean creating a shopping list, but in the future it will mean ordering things for delivery, and for Prime customers the future is already here. Alexa just makes it that much easier, furthering Amazon’s goal of being the logistics provider — and tax collector — for basically everyone and everything. Dan Moren: As a happy Amazon Echo user for nearly two years now, you might think I wouldn’t be in the market for any other voice-controlled virtual assistant—and you’d be wrong. Dead wrong. Upon returning home from my lengthy trip last month, one of the boxes awaiting me contained a Google Home that I’d ordered while abroad. […] The other big comparison point against the Echo is sound quality. I don’t pretend to have an audiophile’s ear, but to me the Google Home sounded like it had a little more bass than the Echo but an overall muddier sound. While it’s definitely superior to the Echo Dot—low bar there—it’s certainly not too hard to find a better-sounding speaker than pretty much anything in this class. […] In any case, voice recognition and synthesis are table stakes for these devices. The real question is whether or not the Google Home has any functionality so compelling that I’ll switch to using it over my Echo. The answer to that, so far, is…not really. Khoi Vinh: Alexa is clearly able to understand your commands—and act on them—better than Siri is able to, but it doesn’t feel leagues better. In practice, it’s not uncommon to have to issue commands three, four, five or more times before Alexa understands what you’re trying to say—or until you learn the way Alexa wants you to say it. […] At home we also received an Echo Dot as a present, a product which I think could be a home run. For just US$50, you get everything that the Echo does except for the higher quality speaker (which means Amazon is basically charging you US$130 for the full fledged version’s speaker, when you think about it). At that price point, I could easily imagine having a Dot in each room of the house, which would make for a really powerful system. […] And finally, design. The Google Home comes in a nicer package, is a much nicer form factor, and is just gorgeous. It’s a very handsome expression of impressive technology Colin Cornaby: Still finding that Alexa/Echo is horrible for home automation compared to Siri. Rare bright spot for Apple. Stephen Hackett: [Echo is] an open platform, meaning developers can write applications — dubbed Skills — that users can enable with just a tap in the Alexa mobile app. […] HomeKit, on the other hand, is a closed system. Apple has a rigorous approval process before allowing a device or service to be listed as a supported partner. From a security standpoint, this is a big win. rblatz: People are all up in arms about headphone jacks, USB-C, and dongles. When the real issue is Apple completely missing huge new markets. Apple had Siri out and was in the lead with voice control, then they wasted it. I never use Siri, she is nearly worthless, but I do use Alexa multiple times a day. Amazon is Leading the voice assistant market, and Google is right on their heels. Home automation was supposed to get better with HomeKit but arrived basically stalled. They announced all these partners and sold their products at the Apple Store. Then when HomeKit finally was ready none of those products worked with HomeKit. Steven Levy (via Dan Moren): “That’s really important,” Schiller says, “and I’m so glad the team years ago set out to create Siri — I think we do more with that conversational interface that anyone else. Personally, I still think the best intelligent assistant is the one that’s with you all the time. Having my iPhone with me as the thing I speak to is better than something stuck in my kitchen or on a wall somewhere.” Madison Margolin: Gatebox is new holographic home assistant that’s similar to the Amazon Echo’s Alexa, only more anthropomorphic—and creepier. Made by the Japanese company Vinclu Inc, the device is a transparent, voice-activated cylinder that displays a tiny holographic character named Azuma Hikari (presumably, other characters can be added later). […] It seems designed specifically to appeal to lonely bachelors. See also: Accidental Tech Podcast, The Talk Show. Previously: Developing for the Amazon Echo, SiriKit. Update (2017-01-10): See also: The Talk Show. Amazon Echo Google Home HomeKit iOS iOS 10 iOS App Phil Schiller Siri Comments Stay up-to-date by subscribing to the Comments RSS Feed for this post. Leave a Comment Name E-mail (will not be published) Web site ←  → Blog Archives Tag Cloud RSS RSS Comments Trackback Try my apps: DropDMG EagleFiler SpamSieve Copyright © 2000–2017 Michael Tsai.
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Top Workplaces 2017 Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Auto Reviews Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Travel news Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Share Your Photos Photo Contests Social Channels Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Mardi Gras photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments The iPhone turns 10 years old: What do you remember about its release? Steve Jobs iPhone 2007 Presentation (HD) Print Email Jennifer Larino, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune By Jennifer Larino, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune The Times-Picayune Email the author | Follow on Twitter on January 09, 2017 at 3:16 PM, updated January 09, 2017 at 3:17 PM comments A week or so before Christmas I was sitting at a big wooden table at the back of the Apple Store at Metairie's Lakeside Mall waiting for someone to repair an audio problem with my well-worn iPhone 5S work phone. I resisted the gnawing urge to scan social media in favor of some good, old-fashioned people watching. Across from me sat a couple who looked in their mid-60s, exasperated by an iPhone 6 that had mysteriously stopped holding a charge. Next to them, a young man wearing a flat-brimmed baseball cap was getting help backing up several gigabytes worth of songs, music and photos stored on his iPhone before repairs were made. Nearby, elementary school kids -- for whom scrolling, tapping and pinch-zooming with their hands is now second nature -- fiddled with the latest model iPhone 7 Plus. And to think, precisely a decade ago the iPhone was little more than a trendy tech gadget for diehard Apple fans to ogle. That's right. Monday (Jan. 9) marked 10 years since then-Apple CEO Steve Jobs walked onto a San Francisco stage to introduce the first iPhone to a cheering crowd of fans. Looking back, it is hard to imagine even Jobs could have envisioned the diversity of users I ran into at the Lakeside store. Maybe he did. At least he talked like it. "Every once in a while a revolutionary product comes along that changes everything," Jobs said during his keynote at the Jan. 9, 2007 unveiling. The message was clear -- the iPhone would change everything. Hundreds of people take a number and line up outside of the Apple Store in Lakeside Shopping Center for a chance to buy the new iPhone on Thursday, June 24, 2010. (Photo by Eliot Kamenitz, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune archive)  Those who remember the iPhone's release in June 2007 will probably recall its price tag. The device -- priced at $499 for a 4-gigabyte and $599 for an 8-gigabyte model -- cost a lot more than most people at the time were willing to pay for a cell phone (Indeed, within a year Apple would slash the price by half). AT&T was also the exclusive carrier of the first iPhone, which meant Verizon or Sprint customers had to make the switch and sign up for a minimum $59.99-a-month two-year service plan if they wanted in. Some analysts saw the phone as a niche product that had priced itself out of broader appeal. "It's definitely more money than I've ever spent for a telephone," Seattle resident Tom Watson told the Associated Press June 30, 2007 as he waited for the iPhone release outside the Apple store at Seattle's University Village mall. We were still getting used to spectacle of Apple release day lines that wrapped around stores across the country. The same AP report noted Steve Wozniak, an ex-partner of Jobs, was among those who showed up at a Silicon Valley mall at 4 a.m. on the day the iPhone was released. Wozniak helped keep order in the line while riding on a Segway (How much more 2007 can you get, right?). More than anything, people just wanted to see the thing in person. The iPhone ushered in the age of the touch screen, debuting Apple's patented "multi-touch" technology. At the Jan. 9, 2007 unveil, Jobs offered a decidedly non-technical explanation for how the touch screen looked and felt. "It works like magic," Jobs mused. It also got people thinking about cell phones that did more than make calls or write texts; phones that were "smarter." I remember being at a college party in fall 2007 when a friend arrived with an actual iPhone in hand. The device stole the show. Everyone simply wanted to hold it. What did it look like? Could you really search the Internet? At one point, the friend held it up for all to see like the tech equivalent of Disney's Simba on Pride Rock. The iPhone was an inflection point for Apple. The company, interestingly, unveiled the new Apple Inc. name the same day it introduced the iPhone, shortening it from Apple Computer Inc. Wired reports Apple was a $70 billion company at the end of 2006. As of Monday afternoon, the company's market cap -- the value of its existing shares -- was about $642 billion. A decade later, the original iPhone release inspires a chuckle, if not full on nostalgia. It is hard to imagine anyone getting so worked up over a smartphone today. The world is crowding in with tech gadgets, all claiming to change the way we live, but few seem as truly game-changing as that 2007 announcement. Wired reports Apple now faces a world in which the iPhone is "grown up," its sales are declining and the market is filling with more, diverse smartphone options. "The iPhone is like the sun that blinded us to the other stars in the sky," Horace Dediu, an independent analyst at the Clayton Christensen Institute, tells Wired. Do you remember the iPhone release? Share your story in the comment section below. Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Business Names in the News Does your company have a recent hire, promotion, appointment or honoree to announce? See All » 31 Greater New Orleans business people on the move Submission Form » Active Discussions more in business Real Estate Transactions New Orleans Top Workplaces Auto Reviews Greater New Orleans Business News Local, small business, finance and economy news for greater New Orleans. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for signing up! Please check your inbox, and approve the verification email. If you don't see it, check your spam folder. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinions Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
CLOSE Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Art & Culture Drive Explore Faith Fashion Monday, January 16, 2017 SG ePaper Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Filmfare Awards 2017: ‘Dangal’, Aamir Khan, Alia Bhatt bag top honors Alleged mastermind of Kardashian heist charged in Paris Local Bazaar Returns To Help Center Jeddah Explore The Royal Opera House Muscat   Book Review: Public Governance and Strategic Management Capabilities: AllArt & CultureDriveExploreFaithFashion Home Technology Smartphone revolution blazes on as iPhone turns 10 Technology Smartphone revolution blazes on as iPhone turns 10 Jan 10, 2017 621 0 SHARE Facebook Twitter LAS VEGAS – The smartphone continues to change the world a decade after the debut of the iPhone, even as Apple is under pressure to come up with a new wonder. The iPhone — introduced by late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs on January 9, 2007 — set the stage for mobile computing and an entire industry revolving around it. The handsets built on successful iPod digital music players and featured touch screens at a time when the smartphone market was ruled by BlackBerry devices with keypads. Jobs billed his smartphone approach as blending liberal arts, design and technology. What was not obvious at the time was how iPhone’s focus on apps would send people rocketing along a path to tweeting, Snapping, Pokemon Go, live streaming video, and more. “Apple gets credit for the apps that brought the mobile computing platform to your pocket,” Gartner analyst Brian Blau told AFP at the Consumer Electronics Show that ends Sunday in Las Vegas. “Today, it is hard to make a consumer electronics product without (internet) connectivity.” Smartphones are even playing a big role in the virtual reality trend, with people using handsets as screens inserted into headsets for exploring fantasy realms. Apple does not attend CES. But its trend-setting power is felt here from cars boasting “infotainment” systems that synch with iPhones, to smart-home networks controlled by mobile apps and rival smartphones mirroring iPhone features. “The iPhone changed the world because mobile computing is now part of everyone’s daily life,” Blau said. Altered landscape The iPhone, in a way, was a seed around which the consumer electronics industry has crystalized, according to Maxwell Ramsey of mobile phone news website phoneArena.com. “It’s pretty remarkable what it did,” Maxwell said of the iPhone. “We are still riding that wave from 2007. No doubt about it.” Putting the internet in people’s pockets, and on tablet computers, has profoundly changed the way people watch films, get news, socialize and work. Insiders at the CES trade show cited the iPhone as the main impetus for the revolutionary shift to mobile computing lifestyles. “It turned the industry on its head,” Maxwell said at CES. “It figuratively destroyed a lot of companies, and changed the landscape.” The iPhone powered Apple’s money-making machine, but sales began to decline last year in the increasingly saturated and competitive smartphone market. Missed targets Apple chief executive Tim Cook and other top executives saw their compensation for 2016 cut because internal income targets were missed, according to a filing Friday with US regulators. “The two financial measures used to evaluate executive performance under our annual cash incentive program, net sales and operating income, declined from our record-breaking 2015 levels,” Apple said in the filing. “These results were below the target performance goals.” Apple reported net sales of $215.6 billion for the fiscal year, with an operating income of $60 billion, the filing indicated. Cook’s pay will tally $8.75 million as compared with $10.3 million in 2015. His base pay jumped to $3 million from $2 million. Apple’s profit in the quarter ending September 24 slumped on a widely expected drop in iPhone sales, but gains in services offered optimism on company efforts to curb dependence on its smartphone. Apple is to release performance figures for the recently ended quarter on January 31. Apple has been working to make more money from services and apps. The iPhone maker said its App Store had its busiest single day ever on New Year’s Day, capping a record-breaking holiday season for the online shop. Since the App Store launched in 2008, developers have earned more than $60 billion from software creations tailored for Apple devices, according to the company. Meanwhile, eyes are on Apple for its next “big thing” in the face of worry that the company lost its innovative mojo with the passing of Jobs in 2011. Rumors of projects in the works include a self-driving car. “I think they will have a next big thing,” analyst Blau said. “But the future of the company will rely on smaller innovation. And there is nothing wrong with that kind of a business.” SOURCEAFP TAGS Apple Smartphones SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleALJ Electronics, Mekar hold district cooling summit to back Saudi Vision 2030 Next articleAmbassador Haq: Pakistan blessed with a strong cultural background Imran Syed RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Apple proved a phone can change the world in just 10 years Silicon Valley venture capitalists growing skeptical Expert interview Social Media: Friend or Foe? NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply January 2017 S M T W T F S « Dec     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   STAY CONNECTED 1,531,039FansLike 41,947FollowersFollow Ads Recent Posts Salman decorates Felipe VI of Spain with King Abdul Aziz Medal Jan 16, 2017 More efforts pledged to defeat Daesh Jan 16, 2017 Thousands of housing units for Saudi citizens Jan 16, 2017 Bahrain’s PM receives chairman and members of Arab Gulf Journalists’ Union Jan 16, 2017 Over 1,400 Saudis left govt jobs last year Jan 16, 2017 Archives January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 © Saudi Gazette 2015 All rights reserved. OKAZ AL-NADI
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow The iPhone's remarkable 10-year history, in pictures 887 Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? On-lookers experience the iPhone for the very first time in January 2007. Image: ASSOCIATED PRESS By Damon Beres2017-01-09 20:52:33 UTC Apple's iconic computer nugget is 10 years old on Monday, and my, how it's changed.  When Steve Jobs first introduced the iPhone in 2007, it was a squat, chubby gadget sold largely on the merit that you could use it as a "widescreen iPod." In the decade since, the device has evolved into arguably the most iconic bit of consumer electronics of the 21st century. Its influence is hard to overstate.  SEE ALSO: What you should expect from the iPhone in 2017 Say what you will about social networks like Facebook and Twitter, and the ability to take high-def photos or livestream video with a device that fits in your pocket—none of it would exist in the forms we enjoy today without smartphones. And smartphones probably wouldn't be what they are without the iPhone leading the charge. Not that Apple's pull has always been a great thing.  For instance: The ultra-compact form factor has rubbed off on rivals like Samsung, producing a glut of hard-to-recycle electronics that people are constantly pressured to upgrade (even by one's subconscious). Intimate conversations at dinner are now accompanied by a buzzing temptation from below. People text during movies. And who hasn't drifted to sleep under the bright blue glow of their smartphone screen? Still, there's no debate that the iPhone is capital-I Important. Reflect on its power with this quick look through the device's 10-year history: The reveal (January 2007) Image: ASSOCIATED PRESS Steve Jobs teased his audience at the 2007 Macworld SF conference with the reveal of an "iPhone" that looked like a rotary iPod. Image: ASSOCIATED PRESS Believe it or not, Apple actually had to sell people on the idea that they would want to buy a smartphone. It did so by touting the iPhone as a three-in-one device that had incorporated "iPod," "Phone" and "internet."  Image: ASSOCIATED PRESS And here it is, in Jobs' hands publicly for the first time. From afar, the device really doesn't look so different than the versions of it many of us are using today. In fact, some problems from those very first moments persist—though they'd be framed differently today. "Bottom line: Heavy BlackBerry addicts may not want to jump ship just yet," David Pogue wrote in The New York Times after struggling with the touchscreen keyboard and autocorrect for the first time.  Apple would finally allow the installation of third-party keyboard apps in 2014 with iOS 8—and some of them mitigate problems by encouraging different typing techniques or reformatting the keyboard's layout. Even so, many would say typing on a smartphone screen remains a frustrating experience that's inferior to mechanical keyboards.  Image: Archive.org The very first iteration of apple.com/iphone went live after Jobs' keynote event. This is how Apple sold the device to web-browsing consumers in 2007. Image: Archive.org And there's U2, Apple's favorite band. Seven years later, Apple would foist a U2 album onto every iPhone user following a keynote event announcing iPhone 6. The first update (2008) Image: ASSOCIATED PRESS In 2008, Apple introduced the iPhone 3G—an upgrade that improved on the original unit's speed with a faster network connection. It also had a somewhat streamlined design. "Just one year after launching the iPhone, we’re launching the new iPhone 3G that is twice as fast, at half the price," Jobs said in a press release at the time.  The iPhone 3G also marked the debut of the App Store, GPS tracking and push notifications for email. Apple would upgrade the gadget's internal components in 2009 with the iPhone 3GS, which also added pre-Siri voice controls. Image: archive.org Apple's debut website for the App Store advertised eBay, Super Monkey Ball and Loopt, a now defunct social network. Image: AP Eager customers lined up for the new device days before its release in Tokyo's Omotesando shopping district.  iPhone 4—and some missteps (2010) Image: AP The iPhone got a significant redesign in 2010 with the introduction of the iPhone 4. The silvery, rotund exterior of previous models was streamlined, and replaced with a metallic frame. It looked like a more cohesive unit. Image: ASSOCIATED PRESS This was the first iPhone with a front-facing camera—slightly mind-blowing, considering how ubiquitous selfies are, seven years later. This also made the iPhone 4 the first that one could FaceTime with. It was also the first with Apple's pixel-dense "Retina" display. Image: AP But it had some big problems. That Retina display became discolored for some users, and gripping the device by its sides (as one does) could substantially decrease its reception. Apple was forced to address the issue in a press conference in which Steve Jobs promised customers free cases to mitigate the problem—but not before publishing a remarkably passive-aggressive "antenna performance" website, illustrating how other phones had similar issues: Not the best look, in retrospect. The Birth of Siri (2011) Image: AP In October 2011, Apple debuted the iPhone 4S, an upgraded unit that introduced the voice-controlled digital assistant Siri. While no one could argue that the feature's perfect (even in 2017), critics were impressed by the new functionality. "Only a company with the chutzpah of Apple would have the courage to try something like this," Mashable wrote at the time. "It's just good enough to be fun to use ... Some of its capabilities go deeply into science fiction territory, such as pushing and holding the Home button, and then telling it to set a timer for 15 minutes." SEE ALSO: No, Apple, killing your headphone jack is not 'courage' The iPhone 4S's release coincided with iOS 5, which introduced the iPhone-to-iPhone "iMessage" feature, banner notifications, and other upgrades. Image: AP 2011 was notable for another reason. Jobs, the Apple co-founder who had introduced the iPhone four years earlier, died at age 56—one day after the 4S was announced. Innovation slows with iPhone 5 (2012) The iPhone 5, left, compared to an iPhone 4S, right. Image: AP Most iPhone upgrades had included some major leap forward—GPS tracking, Siri, a selfie camera, and so on. These were features that gave average consumers obvious reasons to upgrade (or: bite the bullet and buy their first iPhone), beyond promises of improved network connectivity, faster processing and so on. The iPhone 5 lacked any such improvements. Instead, Apple focused on improving the unit's design. The device looked a bit sleeker. It lost weight. And in the most substantial change, Apple replaced the 30-pin dock connector (right, in the picture above) which it had used in every previous iPhone. The new "Lightning" port (left) was smaller, more efficient and is still used in Apple devices to this day.  Image: AP That said, the device did come with an upgraded camera that could snap pictures faster and shoot in a new panoramic mode. Apple touted the new device's thinness on the updated iPhone website. This new handset may have been light on obvious upgrades compared to previous iterations, so Apple's move was to highlight how sleek the design had become. Indeed, the device was thinner and lighter than previous models, despite a larger screen. Getting personal: New colors, new price points and Touch ID (2013) Apple splintered its iPhone line in 2013 with the introduction of the new iPhone 5C, a colorful option pitched to the budget-conscious. For the first time, your iPhone shopping wasn't limited to "this year's model" versus "last year's model". Now, you could buy the 4S, the new 5C or the new 5S.    The 5C had a plastic back that came in five colors, and U.S. customers could nab a 16GB model for $99. It replaced the previous year's iPhone 5—thus making the even-older iPhone 4S the true budget pick in 2013—but was mostly identical from a technical standpoint.  Hardware upgrades came with the premium iPhone 5S device, which added the Touch ID fingerprint sensor. You can set up to five fingerprints for the Home button to read, instead of inputting a password. Apple also debuted a line of (frankly, hideous) cases to pair with the iPhone 5C. They came in a variety of colors and cutout holes that let your device's natural look beam through—in case you wanted a green-and-yellow iPhone to pair with your bottle of Sprite, say. Investors weren't thrilled with the iPhone 5C and 5S, which some considered too pricey to succeed in emerging markets, and not innovative enough to conquer established ones. Plus-size (2014) Image: Dustin Drankoski/Mashable The splintering that began with the iPhone 5S and 5C continued with 2014's iPhone 6. For the first time, Apple offered a "Plus" variant with a much larger form factor than the standard model. It was a brilliant move that spurred massive sales—especially in the Chinese market—though, once again, it complicated the shopping process. Image: Archive.org There were now four iPhone tiers to choose from. The low-budget iPhone 5C at a paltry 8GB of storage, the iPhone 5S, and then two sizes for the new iPhone 6. Now that Apple had a fully mature and desirable product, its move was to offer a version for every consumer. Image: Dustin Drankoski/mashable The iPhone 6 set a new standard for the gadget's design that would carry all the way through to last fall's iPhone 7. (Hold an iPhone 7 on its side and compare it to the picture above: It's nearly identical.)  This was the thinnest iPhone yet, and of course it had the most powerful innards. That thinness combined with the larger size of the iPhone 6 Plus led to a major problem, though: "BendGate." When pressure was applied to a certain point on the device, the iPhone 6 Plus could actually be warped out of shape.   Notice how the iPhone 6 is nearly identical to current models from the front. Image: dustin drankoski/mashable As was becoming the norm, many of the most significant updates with the iPhone 6 were actually software changes delivered via a new version of iOS. iOS 8 launched preloaded on the new device and brought with it cross-platform messaging (so you could continue your texting conversations on your Mac, say), the Health app, and more. That said, the iPhone 6 was the first to contain an NFC chip—the bit of hardware that lets Apple Pay work. If you're buying something at a participating retailer, you can just bop your phone against an NFC reader to pay for an item, without pulling your credit card out. ROSE GOLD!!!...and 3D Touch, we suppose, for iPhone 6S (2015) Because Apple was now obliged to release a new iPhone every year, it debuted the 6S and 6S Plus in Fall 2015. Perhaps most significantly, this was the first iPhone to come in a delicious—daresay: iconic—"rose gold" color. Apple strengthened the device to avoid another BendGate catastrophe, but unsightly antenna lines on the rear persisted. The major selling point for the new device? "3D Touch" functionality that makes the Phone 6S's screen receptive to different amounts of force (a feature that remains underutilized to this day). Lightly tapping icons produced the same result as always, but you could do a sort of deep, harder touch to pop up different options. This feature carries through to the iPhone 7, though few apps leverage it for anything meaningful.  A bit of a reach, via Apple's website: Interlude: iPhone SE (Spring 2016) Apple freshened the aging iPhone 5S early in 2016, replacing it with the iPhone SE, an interesting device: Its screen is smaller than the 6S's by nearly an entire inch, it has the boxier form factor familiar to pre-iPhone 6 users, but it's just as powerful as the iPhone 6S despite being less expensive.  It lacks some key selling points—it doesn't have 3D Touch, and its display and selfie cam aren't as nice—but it's a good budget-ish pick for people wanting a smaller device.  iPhone 7 and the death of the headphone jack (Fall 2016) And into the modern era: With the iPhone 7, Apple exerted itself in a remarkable way by killing off the headphone jack, still an industry standard despite a growing market of Bluetooth headphones.  SEE ALSO: You can take the new iPhone into the shower, but please don't Why'd Apple do this? Their explanation is that removing the headphone jack makes room for better batteries and internal components—and ensures that the device is water resistant. Image: Damon Beres/Mashable Apple bundled the iPhone 7 with an awful attachment that lets you hook your old headphones into the device. It's a miserable compromise that adds a bouncy white phallus to your otherwise sleek iPhone. While the connection is sturdy, you'll find yourself swapping the thing on and off constantly if you use different devices (to say nothing of multiple headphones), and it's small enough to lose or for your cat to choke on. Not only will the dongle itself create a new form of e-waste, but the iPhone 7 encourages people to bite the bullet and buy new wireless headphones, perhaps spurring the creation of even more digital detritus.  Image: Lili Sams/Mashable But complaints about headphones won't change the fact that this is the most cohesive iPhone yet—we might even call it beautiful. It's now nearly symmetrical at the bottom without that headphone jack, and Apple removed the unsightly antenna lines across the back of the unit. It also comes in a shiny "jet black" color. Image: Lili Sams/Mashable And it it is, in fact, water resistant. You can drop the phone in a toilet or take it in the shower and it will survive. The iPhone 7 Plus, pictured here, also has a new dual-lens camera that allows for a true optical zoom and a special portrait mode. Some believe it will help Apple break into augmented reality moving forward. Image: lili sams/Mashable There's one more update to the phone's hardware that's worth mentioning. The home button is no longer an actual button, in the true sense of the word. Rather, it's a piece of glass that provides feedback via Apple's "Taptic Engine." That simulates the sensation of pushing a button, but try nudging Home when the device is off, and you'll feel nothing at all. Does it fundamentally change how the iPhone is used? Of course not. Most of the unit's hardware updates from the past couple of years haven't. But the updates have incrementally transformed the iPhone from what was little more than a proof of concept in 2007 to a legitimate icon, now aesthetically complete with the advent of the iPhone 7... dongle and all. Writing about Apple computer telephone device and reflecting on how pissed off this dongle makes me to this day 😍 A video posted by Damon B (@dlberes) on Jan 8, 2017 at 2:56pm PST BONUS: Everything we think we know about the new iPhone Topics: Apple, Mashable Must Reads, iPhone, smartphone, Steve Jobs, Tech, tim cook About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: A Look at Two PayPal Competitors Can ClearXchange and Apple Pay rival PayPal in the wide-open mobile payments race? John Ballard (TMFRazorback) Jan 9, 2017 at 3:48PM Image source:  PayPal Holdings, Inc. The mobile payment landscape is getting crowded. Major technology companies like Google, Facebook, and Amazon, along with big banks and credit card issuers, are jockeying for position in a fast growing market. As mobile payments adoption expands, the services that are easy to access and easy to use are in the best position to lead the race. PayPal Holdings (NASDAQ:PYPL) has been leading the race for over ten years. Two competitors that could give PayPal a run for its money is a new peer to peer (P2P) payment service, ClearXchange, and Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) own mobile payment service Apple Pay. Big banks have an answer for Venmo ClearXchange is owned by Bank of America, BB&T, Capital One Financial, JP Morgan Chase, PNC Financial Services Group, U.S. Bancorp, and Wells Fargo. Some of the top banks in the world are already in the ClearXchange network and reach over 250 million people. It is the banks' response to the popularity and growth of PayPal's P2P payment service, Venmo, which is growing rapidly and is on pace to process about $20 billion in annual transaction volume over the next four quarters. ClearXchange offers a very straightforward and convenient service. All you need to send someone money is an email address or mobile phone number. The money is sent directly from the senders' bank account to the recipients'. Even if someone holds a bank account not included in the ClearXchange network, they can still sign up to receive payments. On top of the convenience of transferring money directly in and out of bank accounts, the service is fee free. However, Venmo is also free for all transaction types except credit cards. While the ability to directly transfer money to and from bank accounts is attractive, it's not clear whether ClearXchange differentiates itself enough to persuade Venmo's core users, millennials, to use it. One reason for the growth of Venmo is that it is not associated or owned by traditional financial institutions, an aspect that appeals to a younger generation. Both PayPal and Venmo users can still send money or pay for goods even if there is insufficient funds in their account balance, making these services as easy and convenient to use as ClearXchange. Apple has the numbers Perhaps a more significant elephant to battle against is Apple Pay. Since Apple Pay's launch in 2014, Apple has been quietly signing up banks and credit unions worldwide to allow credit and debit cards to be enrolled in Apple Pay. Recently, Apple added support for 17 more credit unions and banks bringing the total to over 1,600 worldwide. Although Apple doesn't disclose specific numbers, the service seems to be enjoying growing adoption. In 2016, CEO Tim Cook reported that 75% of all contactless payments in the U.S. were through Apple Pay.  Apple Pay transactions increased nearly 500% year over year in the most recent quarter. More transactions were completed in September 2016 than the entire fiscal 2015. Apple's major partners reported that Apple Pay has the highest conversion rate of any digital wallet, and management expects two-thirds of the top 100 retailers to support Apple Pay in 2017. Apple Pay was launched for the Safari web browser for the first time in September 2016, opening up another avenue for users to engage with the service.   This success is not surprising. Apple is one of the most recognized brands in the world and has sold over one billion iPhones since the launch of the original in 2007, giving Apple a huge installed base. Of course, some of these purchases are upgrades for existing users, and some people may not even use an iPhone anymore. One analyst estimates the total installed base of Apple's iPhone is around 400 million. By comparison, PayPal had 192 million active customer accounts at the end of September 2016. Whatever the exact number for Apple's installed base, it's reasonable to assume Apple has a potential customer base that rivals PayPal's. The important distinction for Apple is its control over both hardware and software. Since Apple designs the hardware and software, it can control access to hardware components and software functionality inside an iPhone. Because of this closed system, only Apple can program software to access the Near Field Communication (NFC) chip inside iPhones and Apple Watches. The NFC chip in an iPhone 6 or later model connects wirelessly to a NFC chip reader in a retail store, for example, to share payment data. The NFC chip enables Apple Watch users to simply turn the crown or wave their wrist in the air, wait for a beep, and, voila, payment sent. Third-party app developers, such as PayPal, do not have the luxury of allowing its users to wave their wrists in the air to send payment.   There's no winner-take-all Although Apple does not disclose specific operating metrics for Apple Pay, the statistics CEO Tim Cook discloses on conference calls are enough to assume Apple's total payment volume (TPV) is growing along with the mobile payments industry. The good news for PayPal is that its own TPV has been growing consistently at 20% or more since the launch of Apple Pay. The parallel growth of these two services along with the continued growth of credit card issuers, Visa and MasterCard, highlights the size of the opportunity for all payment solutions. PayPal management puts the company's addressable market at $100 trillion. Over the last four quarters, PayPal's TPV is $336 billion, so there is a very long runway of growth, not only for PayPal, but its competitors as well. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. John Ballard owns shares of PayPal Holdings. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (C shares), Amazon.com, Apple, Facebook, Mastercard, PayPal Holdings, and Visa. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Ballard (TMFRazorback) None Article Info Jan 9, 2017 at 3:48PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $119.04 down $0.21 (-0.18%) PayPal Holdings NASDAQ:PYPL $41.60 up $0.04 (0.10%) Read More PayPal Isn't Letting Its Visa and MasterCard Deals Bring It Down What to Watch at PayPal in 2017 An Obvious Winner of the E-commerce Revolution PayPal Joins Forces With Visa: Smart Move PayPal's Revenue Growth Continues Unabated Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool A Look at Two PayPal Competitors #stocks $AAPL, $PYPL
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple to Use Repurposed Mesa, Arizona Factory to Manufacture Data Center Cabinets Monday January 9, 2017 12:04 PM PST by Juli Clover Apple wants to use GT Advanced's former sapphire plant to produce hardware that will be used within its U.S. data centers, according to a notification published by the Federal Register and shared by Business Insider. Apple is seeking approval from the Foreign-Trade Zones Board to create "finished products and foreign status materials/components" in the factory. Specifically, Apple wants to create "finished server assembly cabinets" and needs permission to use materials sourced from abroad. Image via AZCentral According to the filing, the data center cabinets will be used for "other global data centers." A person with knowledge of Apple's data centers spoke to Business Insider and said Apple's data center server production will be consolidated in Mesa, Arizona. Servers for Apple's Oregon and North Carolina data centers are currently built and tested on-site, and the same likely goes for other global data center locations. With the Mesa factory, Apple will build and configure all U.S. servers in Arizona and ship them to Oregon and North Carolina. Apple originally purchased the Mesa, Arizona factory for sapphire manufacturer GT Advanced, but after the sapphire-making company failed to produce sapphire up to Apple's standards and went bankrupt, Apple was left with an empty facility. Apple announced plans to repurpose the sapphire plant in 2014, and is said to be investing $2 billion to turn it into a "global command center" for Apple's data network. At 1.3 million square feet, the facility is large enough to serve as both a data center and a manufacturing plant for data center equipment. Tags: data center, GT Advanced 22 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) jwm 6 days ago at 12:37 pm I wonder if they will be the thinnest racks ever designed. :rolleyes: Rating: 10 Votes UnionVGF 6 days ago at 12:14 pm Making Racks Great Again. Rating: 7 Votes Cuban Missles 6 days ago at 01:22 pm I do hope this is a cover and they are actually producing a car, a phone, and plane. a car, a phone, and a plane. Do you get it yet. Its not three products but one that does it all. LOL :D:p:cool: Rating: 5 Votes Fall Under Cerulean Kites 6 days ago at 01:07 pm I’d love to get a glimpse inside Apple’s data centers to see what sort of equipment they’re running! Rating: 4 Votes CrystalQuest76 6 days ago at 01:21 pm Macintosh computers have been made in Arizona in the past. Specifically the Motorola StarMax. ('https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motorola_StarMax') They were good machines. Rating: 3 Votes Glassed Silver 6 days ago at 02:30 pm I wish they made XServes again... Glassed Silver:mac Rating: 3 Votes sirozha 6 days ago at 04:42 pm Take my money, Apple! I've been waiting for this moment for decades. I will finally be able to have Apple branded equipment cabinets in my home lab! Rating: 2 Votes Bart Kela 6 days ago at 08:08 pm Just curious did Apple use Xserves for their data center needs? Or has it always been other OEMS? My memory is a bit faded, but if I recall correctly, Apple's corporate website used to hosted on Xserves behind load-balancing equipment. That was many years ago, not in the recent iTunes Music Store/App Store/Apple Store era. It is likely that Apple ran third-party hardware concurrently for other purposes, not just at data centers but also for internal purposes. Apple has allegedly been a longtime user of Oracle products which means they are running third-party equipment. It's not like a Fortune 100 company is going to be running QuickBooks on two-year-old MacPro. My guess is that their on-campus WiFi isn't being hosted on AirPort Extremes either. They are likely using an enterprise solution. In any given Apple data center, my guess is that there are 2-3 system vendors depending on the age of the components and that Apple IT periodically switches vendors to mitigate risk, encourage cost competition, and access whatever is the ideal technology at the purchasing timeframe. Rating: 2 Votes UnionVGF 6 days ago at 06:00 pm Well, didn't think this would ever be a reality..... [MEDIA=youtube]rw2nkoGLhrE[/MEDIA] Rating: 2 Votes Applebot1 6 days ago at 12:43 pm This sounds like a good move. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories Apple Shares New 'Pairing,' 'Siri' and 'Notes' AirPods Ads 1 day ago on Front Page Apple today shared three ads highlighting the newly-released AirPods on its YouTube channel. Two of the ads are focused on AirPod features, like Siri and instant pairing, and star dancer Lil Buck... 158 comments Next iPhone Said to Have Even Better IP68-Rated Water Resistance 2 days ago on Front Page Apple's next-generation iPhone will feature IP68-rated water resistance, which would be an improvement over the IP67-certified iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, according to The Korea Herald.... 291 comments Apple vs. Samsung Lawsuit Over iPhone Design Officially Reopened 3 days ago on Front Page The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit on Thursday reopened a longstanding patent lawsuit related to Samsung copying the design of the iPhone nearly six years ago, following an order of... 200 comments Tesla-Bound Chris Lattner May Have 'Felt Constrained' by Apple's Culture of Secrecy [Update: Denied] 3 days ago on Front Page Earlier this week, Swift creator and LLVM co-author Chris Lattner announced he will be leaving Apple later this month—he is headed to Tesla to lead its autopilot engineering team as Vice President of... 97 comments Consumer Reports Reverses Course, Recommends MacBook Pro Following New Testing After Apple Bug Fix 3 days ago on Front Page Consumer Reports is out with an updated report on the 2016 MacBook Pro, and following retesting, the magazine is now recommending Apple's latest notebooks. In the new test, conducted running... 451 comments Court Rules Apple Can be Sued for Monopolizing iPhone App Market 3 days ago on Front Page A U.S. Appeals Court today ruled that App Store customers can move forward with a lawsuit claiming Apple created an illegal app monopoly because it did not allow users to purchase iPhone apps outside... 734 comments Apple Seeds Fourth Beta of iOS 10.2.1 to Developers and Public Beta Testers 3 days ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the fourth beta of an upcoming iOS 10.2.1 update to developers and public beta testers, a few days after seeding the third iOS 10.2.1 beta and a month after releasing iOS 10.2, the... 45 comments A 10.5-Inch iPad Pro Could Match the 12.9-Inch Model's Resolution and the iPad Mini's Pixel Density 3 days ago on Front Page Apple is rumored to be working on a new iPad Pro that adopts an edge-to-edge display, and while it's said to be somewhere around 10 inches, there are a lot of mixed rumors about the specific size... 174 comments • Apple's Lisa Jackson Joins Federal Committee Advising on Vehicle Automation (42) • Apple Plans to Launch Original TV Shows Comparable to 'Westworld' and 'Stranger Things' By End of 2017 (213) • Apple Set to Earn $1 Trillion in Revenue From iOS Ecosystem By Middle of 2017 (79) • Worldwide Mac Sales Remain Steady in 4Q 2016 Amid Continuing PC Market Decline (200) • Tony Fadell Shares New Details on Prototype iPhone Software With Virtual iPod Clickwheel (57) • AirPods Have Captured One Quarter of Wireless Headphone Spending Since Launching (174) • iPhone Captured 31% of Smartphone Sales in the U.S. Ahead of Holiday Season (127)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade The Binding of Issac, The Nintendo Switch, and More! - The TouchArcade Show #290 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth' 'Sonny' Review - An Accessible Social-Style RPG Without IAP 'Card City Nights 2' Under Development, Adds Online Multiplayer 'Rome: Total War' iPad Developer Feral Interactive is Teasing Two Mysterious iOS Games AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Wallpapers of the week: geometry pack The top stories of the week on iDB Daily Deals: Beats Solo3 headphones $220, Sony PS4 $220, and more Let’s Talk iOS 169: 10-year iPhone anniversary special   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple Music’s upcoming Carpool Karaoke show will feature a different host every episode By Christian Zibreg, Jan 9, 2017 Tweet 2 Comments Apple’s upcoming show, Carpool Karaoke, will consist of sixteen half-hour episodes that will air on Apple Music and feature a different host every episode, Variety reported Monday. Based on James Corden’s Carpool Karaoke viral segment during CBS’s Late Late Show, Apple’s version will use a format that is more of an interview series with outside-the-box pairings like Billy Eichner in the passenger seat, surrounded by the band Metallica, or former NFL star and talk show host Michael Strahan and NASCAR driver Jeff Gordon. The more traditional pairings include such names as John Legend and Alicia Keys and Seth MacFarlane and Ariana Grande. Produced by Eric Pankowski, Ben Winston and James Corden, Apple Music’s Carpool Karaoke will highlight various stars that didn’t appear on Corden’s show. “We wouldn’t do Will Smith on ‘Late Late Show’,” said Ben Winston, one of the show’s executive producers. “So many people have been getting in touch with us, big movie stars, and we’re like that’s not really for us, but here with Apple Music it’s perfect.” Apple purchased rights to the show in July 2016. At the time, Apple exec Eddy Cue called Carpool Karaoke “a hit with audiences of all ages” and also “a perfect fit for Apple Music”. Apple has yet to announce an air date for the show. Apple recently aired its first-ever documentary on Apple Music about Roland’s popular drum machine. Aside from Carpool Karaoke, the company is currently working on two additional shows: a scripted drama starring Dr. Dre and an unscripted reality show focused on apps. Source: Variety Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Apple said to be considering lowering Apple Music price Amazon to take aim at Apple with $9.99 a month music service, due in September Universal wasn’t joking: Lady GaGa’s upcoming new album won’t be an Apple Music-exclusive Major record label reportedly bans “exclusive” deals with Apple Music and other services Related Topics Apple, Apple Music, Entertainment, Music, News, Rumors ChloeWade They’re really not getting anyone good on it? Get some good artists like the members of black hippy maybe Kendrick Lamar or ScHoolboy Q maybe the whole group not people I have no interest in in Oscar (kitsune.work) “Based on” Like how Samsung based their phones on the iPhone.. Pity, Apple couldn’t get something more original going.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Wallpapers of the week: geometry pack Jailbreak tweaks of the week: OnceMore, Photicon, & more… The top stories of the week on iDB Photicon replaces your Photos app icon with a preview of your most recent picture AdaptiveColorAlerts colorizes all your alert messages to match anything behind them   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: OnceMore, Photicon, & more… Photicon replaces your Photos app icon with a preview of your most recent picture AdaptiveColorAlerts colorizes all your alert messages to match anything behind them Why to avoid third-party Cydia Substrate “patches” for the iOS 10 beta jailbreak OnceMore lets you repeat iPhone timers right from the Lock screen iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Does Apple need to make an Amazon Echo/Google Home speaker, or just make Siri better? Trending in Apple 10 years on, how the iPhone changed our lives, reactions from the 9to5Mac team Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for January 9 AAPL: 118.99 1.08 Carpool Karaoke on Apple Music to feature 16 half-hour episodes with celebrity hosts, interview format Zac Hall - Jan. 9th 2017 11:39 am PT @apollozac Apple Music View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit When Apple acquired the rights to bring The Late Late Show’s Carpool Karaoke series to Apple Music last summer, one major question at the time was who would host the new series. James Corden hosts the viral series for the CBS version, but it was said from the start that his role would only be executive producer for the new series. Now, new details about the Apple Music Carpool Karaoke series have surfaced. Variety reports that Carpool Karaoke on Apple Music will be hosted by different hosts each episode rather than one permanent host like the CBS version. The new series will also feature a different format that resembles more of an interview show than the viral clips that we’ve seen from The Late Late Show so far. The CBS version has primarily focused on musical guests with Corden behind the wheel, while celebrity interviews have been saved for other segments of The Late Late Show. Apple Music’s version will open up the premise to non-musical guests and leave room for more discussion between hosts and guests. Those pairings include more traditional musical choices like John Legend and Alicia Keys and Seth MacFarlane and Ariana Grande, but also more outside-the-box choices like Billy Eichner in the passenger seat, surrounded by the band Metallica, or former NFL star and talk show host Michael Strahan and NASCAR driver Jeff Gordon. Variety notes that the show still doesn’t have a release date (it’s expected to be pay-walled behind an Apple Music subscription when it launches), but the video series will span 16 episodes (one per week) running a half-hour each. Back when the deal was announced last summer, Eddy Cue described Carpool Karaoke on Apple Music as a perfect fit. “We love music, and Carpool Karaoke celebrates it in a fun and unique way that is a hit with audiences of all ages. It’s a perfect fit for Apple Music — bringing subscribers exclusive access to their favorite artists and celebrities who come along for the ride.” Guides Apple Music: Apple's streaming music service View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Apps Tech Apple removes app that let you find your AirPods New, 77 comments by James Vincent@jjvincent Jan 9, 2017, 5:17am EST share tweet Linkedin Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales / The Verge One of the biggest problems for Apple’s AirPods (apart from “do they actually stay in your ears?”) is finding the damn things if you lose one down the back of a couch. A $3.99 app that launched last week named “Finder for AirPods" aimed to fix this problem, but Apple, for some reason, has objected. As first reported by MacRumors, the “Finder for AirPods” app has been removed for the App Store without an official explanation. The app itself seems to have been a mixed bag. It used the AirPods’ Bluetooth signal to track them down, telling users they were warmer or colder the signal increased or decreased in strength. As MacRumors pointed out, this is a pretty inaccurate mechanism for locating a small object like an earbud, but, it’s better than nothing. The alternative? Paying $69 for a replacement. Finder for AirPods featured an easy-to-use UI. Finder for AirPods We’ve reached out to Apple to find out why it removed the app. The inaccuracy might have been a problem, but it’s not like this was one of those turn-your-iPad-into-scales apps that are actively deceptive. We’ll update this story when we find out more. If you already purchased the app, you can request a refund through iTunes. Verge video: Apple AirPods review More From The Verge The Nintendo Switch will launch on March 3rd for $299 Tony Fadell tells us the story of the iPod-based iPhone prototype What to expect from Nintendo’s Switch event Trump leak raises new questions about Telegram security Mossberg: Streaming TV is beginning to look a lot like cable The ultimate conspiracy: a conspiracy against Reddit’s conspiracy community? Now Trending Apple removes app that let you find your AirPods Rogue One's reshoots show how Disney saved the first standalone Star Wars movie This disassembled Aston Martin DB11 engine is engineering pornography This Article has a component height of 13. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Tech Amazon Amazon is seeking FCC permission to conduct wireless technology tests by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Last week, Amazon.com filed an application with the Federal Communications Commission, seeking permission to run experiments on a number of frequency bands that might have some connection to the company’s work with delivery drones. The... New, 0 comments Entertainment Film Star Wars Rogue One's reshoots show how Disney saved the first standalone Star Wars movie by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Now that Rogue One: A Star Wars Story has been out in theaters for a month, the veil of secrecy has been lifted and we’ve learned quite a lot about about how the film came together. This is pretty typical for most movies, save for the fact that R... New, 9 comments TL;DR Entertainment TV Jude Law had no idea what a meme was before The Young Pope by Kwame Opam@kwameopam Jude Law evidently isn’t a child of the internet. Despite playing the Church’s holiest supervillain in HBO’s The Young Pope, Law was unprepared for how easily the show could be turned into memes. In fact, he had no idea what memes were before the... New, 5 comments Google Tech Transportation Google takes another step towards launching its own self-driving Uber-killer with new patent by Andrew J . Hawkins@andyjayhawk Google has a lot of self-driving cars that have driven a lot of miles, but so far, no commercial use for them. But that could change if the Silicon Valley giant pursues its rumored plans of developing an autonomous ride-sharing network to compete... New, 3 comments Advice How to be human How to be human: it’s not you, it’s them — no, really by Leah Reich Leah Reich was one of the first internet advice columnists. Her column "Ask Leah" ran on IGN, where she gave advice to gamers for two and a half years. During the day, Leah is Slack’s user researcher, but her views here do not represent her... Business Entertainment Culture Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Circus will shut down in May 2017 by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak A year after it announced that it would no longer use elephants in its performances, the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus will hold its final performances in May of this year. The Cirus’s parent company, Feld Entertainment Inc, revealed... New, 1 comment Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror Matt Lewis DC Trawler Send a Tip Try Not To Feel Old: The iPhone Just Turned 10 Eric Lieberman Tech and Law Reporter 3:03 PM 01/09/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   Apple chief executive Steve Jobs unveils a new mobile phone that can also be used as a digital music player and a camera, a long-anticipated device dubbed an "iPhone" at the Macworld Conference 09 January 2007 in San Francisco, California. (Photo credit: TONY AVELAR/AFP/Getty Images)    5412910 Apple published a blog post Sunday commemorating the 10th anniversary of the original iPhone. It was introduced to the public by the late Steve Jobs Jan. 9, 2007. “In the ten years since, iPhone has enriched the lives of people around the world with over one billion units sold,” the press release reads. “It quickly grew into a revolutionary platform for hardware, software and services integration, and inspired new products, including iPad and Apple Watch, along with millions of apps that have become essential to people’s daily lives.” The official post directly quotes Jobs’ original lecture of the product at Macworld. (RELATED: Everyone Should Read This Outrageous Description Apple Gave Its Shiny New Product: A $300 Picture Book) “A widescreen iPod with touch controls, a revolutionary mobile phone and a breakthrough internet communications device,” Jobs said at the time, declaring that the iPhone is actually three innovative products in one. “This is a day, I’ve been looking forward to for two and a half years,” Jobs explained. “One’s very fortunate if you get to work on just one of these in your career. Apple’s been very fortunate; it’s been able to introduce a few of these in the world,” Jobs continued, referencing the introduction of the Macintosh computer in 1984, and the iPod in 2001. (The complete version of the iPhone introduction is available here) Apple CEO Tim Cook, who took over for Jobs after he resigned, also stressed how important the iPhone has been not only for technology, but everyday life. (RELATED: Apple CEO Sends Consoling Letter To All Employees After Trump Win) “iPhone is an essential part of our customers’ lives, and today more than ever it is redefining the way we communicate, entertain, work and live,” Cook said, according to the press release. “iPhone set the standard for mobile computing in its first decade and we are just getting started. The best is yet to come.” The tech conglomerate reported in October its first annual revenue decline in 15 years. Apple maintained its top spot in the market for smartphones this past Christmas season, but sales were weaker than previous years. It is still the most valuable company in the world with iPhone sales being a major contributing factor. Follow Eric on Twitter Send tips to [email protected] . Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Tags: Apple, Christmas, iPhone, Steve Jobs, Tim Cook Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple’s rivals are getting ready to follow the iPhone’s lead yet again Chris Smith BGR NewsJanuary 9, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share There’s no doubt about it, the future of iPhone is OLED when it comes to display technology. More and more reports indicate that suppliers are ready to make substantial investments in the panel technology now that Apple is finally ready to adopt OLED screens in its iPhones. And it’s all starting with the iPhone 8 later this year. Don't Miss: There are strange radio waves hitting Earth from space, and scientists just found the source The iPhone 8 will be one of Apple’s three new iPhones that will launch in 2017, but it’ll be the only one to have an OLED screen. Reports indicated that Samsung will be the exclusive supplier of those displays, but even the South Korean giant can’t meet Apple’s future demand for the iPhone down the road. A new report from Digitimes that quotes Nikkei says that Foxconn-owned Sharp is ready to invest almost $900 million in an OLED production line at Foxconn’s factory in Zhengzhou City, where production should start in 2019. Foxconn produces iPhones at that factory, so Sharp’s OLED display line is believed to be dedicated entirely to Apple. Additionally, Japan-based Sakai Display Products, of which Foxconn chairman Terry Guo and Sharp are shareholders, will mass-produce OLED screens in 2018. Apparently, the success of Sharp’s future OLED factory will be directly linked to these trials. Other display makers including LG Display and Japan Display are building OLED production lines as well, according to various reports. Their goal is to secure Apple’s iPhone business, but also to attract orders from other smartphone makers that are expected to follow Apple  and move from LCD to OLED. Apple won’t be the first company to launch premium smartphones featuring OLED displays. In fact, the OLED screen is one of the iconic features of Samsung’s top Galaxy phones, and the most recent Galaxy S and Note models had what many experts believe to be the best displays in the industry. But Apple is believed to become a driving force behind OLED screen adoption in the future. Trending right now: Trump just said he’s firing the people in charge of securing America’s nukes All the reasons people are ditching Android and switching to iPhones 10 paid iPhone apps on sale for free today See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update International Business Times Showdown in the South China Sea: China’s artificial islands explained Digital Trends Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech 2017 Honda CR-V Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Got 50 bucks burning a hole in your pocket? Here’s the best tech to spend it on Digital Trends $40 device doubles the storage of your 32GB iPhone 7 or 7 Plus BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Shopping Jobs Driving Homes Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         ‘Was moviegoing ever really sacrosanct?’: The historical case for why it’s okay to text at the movies     By Calum Marsh January 9, 2017     Story Photos ( 1 )     Annoying woman texting during movie A reporter on the tech-industry beat, who one presumes privy to such scoops, heralded in a tweet this week that Apple is poised to introduce a sort of “Cinema Mode” in its forthcoming iPhone firmware update, which will make it more convenient to text or email or indeed send speculative tech industry tweets in a theatre’s pitch dark. Nobody yet knows what such a function would entail precisely; in fact, Apple has not even confirmed the rumour, which may prove unfounded after all. Nevertheless, a firestorm of indignation has erupted forth from the commentariat, as it always does when the sanctity of the cinema seems vaguely threatened, and presently the opinion pages abound with entreaties to extinguish this promised sacrilege and glorify the theatre as inviolable forevermore – unsubstantiated conjecture be damned. To reiterate the obvious: the blazing gleam of a smartphone in the movie theatre’s scene-setting ambient dark is intrusive and irritating. The point of the dark is to better fix your attention on the screen, to minimize your peripheral vision, and catching one of those radiant little rectangles in the corner of your eye rather disrupts the effect. In short, using your phone at the movies is a vexing breach of etiquette — and should Apple endorse that breach by simplifying, facilitating or otherwise encouraging it, moviegoers who care about etiquette should expect to spend a lot more time duly vexed. On the other hand, it seems equally obvious, if you’ve done much mainstream moviegoing, that the number of people who care about etiquette is relatively few. Habitual cinema texters do not need help from Apple to go about their luminescent business in the dark, and will doubtless continue on their merry way whether the latest iOS streamlines the process or not. These same texters will continue in ignorance, too: pleas to put away the phone are invariably met with bewilderment, as if it had simply never occurred to the guilty party that their behaviour were out of the ordinary at all. If you think of a movie as nothing more than a diversion, why should you mind if your attention is diverted for a moment somewhere else? It pays to remember that moviegoing is a social activity for vastly more people than it is a kind of religious experience, and that the respect you and I may feel ought to be accorded to the art on screen is by no means the same for most. If you think of a movie as nothing more than a diversion, why should you mind if your attention is diverted for a moment somewhere else? Nor are breaches of moviegoing etiquette confined to the use of one’s phone. In Toronto, the multiplexes tend to draw audiences in groups by age. The Cineplex at Yonge and Dundas is routinely flogged with teens, and whenever I happen upon a blockbuster or horror film there I’m reminded all over again of how little people under the age of 20 care about things like indoor voices, public decorum or shame. So rampant are the in-cinema parties, arguments and make-out sessions that I’ve long ago abandoned hope of seeing anything there in peace. But far, far worse, as moviegoing in Toronto is concerned, is the Cineplex Varsity in Yorkville, whose elderly constituency seems in my experience fundamentally incapable of watching movies in silence. Questions of the “who is that” and “what is going on” variety shoot up at hearing-aid-conquering volumes every minute and a half like clockwork, and the overall aural effect is like bingo night at the retirement home. Point being, one does not need an iPhone at the movies to vex. Anti-texting sentiment has of course a nostalgic character, one that yearns for a return to the halcyon days of pious moviegoing and laments the present day’s deteriorating standards of protocol and form. But was moviegoing ever really sacrosanct? Cinema history suggests otherwise. Well do I recall seeing David Lean’s Brief Encounter for the first time and being shocked when the Trevor Howard character, dropping into a movie midway through, simply asks Celia Johnson what it’s about and what’s happened so far, as though seeing a movie from beginning to end in the proper order was a novel idea. The movie, you see, begins again once it’s over, and the couple leave when they find their way back to where they started — this prevailing practice being the origin of the phrase “this is where we came in.” In fact, so common was the custom of waltzing in and out of movies at whatever point one pleased that advertisements for Alfred Hitchcock’s Psycho explicitly recommended seeing it from the beginning in order not to spoil the mystery. Is it noble to expect moviegoers to defer with humility and awe to the art being beamed down at them on the silver screen? And long did such habits endure. The critic Glenn Kenny, in a reminiscence for Premiere magazine, fondly describes the atmosphere at the Plaza Theater in Paterson, New Jersey, circa 1977, thusly: “The Plaza was not regarded by most of its patrons as a place of discovery, a sacred vessel of cinema, or any such thing,” he writes. “More than once I saw guys walk in with blaring boomboxes perched on their shoulders – and they would leave them blaring in the aisle. The talking-back-to-the-screen was largely ubiquitous, and pretty consistently entertaining.” No doubt one could find a cinema in 1977 in which 3 Women or Annie Hall could be enjoyed among largely taciturn peers – and indeed the theatre where Woody Allen and Diane Keaton catch a second showing of The Sorrow and the Pity in the latter one imagines would have been boombox-free. In any event, then, as in 1945, and as in 2017, the sanctity of the cinema was not a universal ideal. Some patrons of the medium prefer to sit in hushed reverence and others do not. So what we are seeing now is merely what cinephiles have always seen: an irreconcilable difference between the private communion one aspires to enjoy alone in the dark with a film and the very public nature of the venue where such communion happens. Is it noble to expect moviegoers to defer with humility and awe to the art being beamed down at them on the silver screen? Or, more saliently, is it reasonable? Maybe, maybe not. But it is foolish to presume that such a war is being lost on a technological front rather than a social or cultural one – which is to say it’s foolish to blame (speculative) changes to iPhone firmware for some phantom decline in cinematic principles. Some people will text at the movies not because Apple will make it easier or more convenient to do so but because some people do not care all that much about movies or about your pure and unblemished experience with them. IMHO. © Copyright (c) National Post Original source article: ‘Was moviegoing ever really sacrosanct?’: The historical case for why it’s okay to text at the movies       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *       Annoying woman texting during movie       E-mail this Gallery Print this Gallery Share this Gallery         Entertainment Photo Galleries »   Lindsay Lohan The funniest celebrity mugshots... Lindsay Lohan, Amanda Bynes, Snooki — and more... more »   Your first look at Catching Fire... New photos from the Hunger Games sequel are here, ... more » Movie Review: The Hunger Games Hunger Games' Josh Hutcherson, Liam Hemsworth and Alexander Ludwig Discuss Reality TV (Video) Photos: Jennifer Lawrence's Hunger Games Promo Style   Grammy Awards 2013 - Best and ... Taylor Swift disses Harry Styles! Justin Timberlake... more »   Who's playing the 2013 Grammy ... Justin Timberlake will play Grammy Awards Feb. 10. ... more » Grammy contest Kanye West, Jay-Z, Mumford & Sons, Frank Ocean among top Grammy nominees Arcade Fire, Beyonce, Katy Perry, Britney Spears: Music to watch for in 2013     More Entertainment Photos »     We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information.   Related Topics   entertainment Apple Inc. Editors' Choice         Entertainment Videos     What's On Tonight for Find your full TV Listings here!     Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By                     News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Infinite Loop — 10 years of the iPhone, and 10 years of iPhone reviews Revisiting every single one of Apple's iPhones in a trip down memory lane. Andrew Cunningham - Jan 9, 2017 8:07 pm UTC Enlarge / Things have changed over the years, but every iPhone is unmistakably an iPhone. Andrew Cunningham reader comments 110 Share this story Further ReadingThe iPad turns five: A look back at all nine of Apple’s tablets Ten years ago today, Steve Jobs hopped onstage at the 2007 MacWorld conference and announced a much-anticipated product that would come to totally eclipse the Mac. It was an iPod, a phone, and an Internet device. It was the first iPhone, and whether you like Apple and its products or not, it drastically altered the face of computing. Apple stopped attending MacWorld in 2009 (the conference ended entirely in 2015) and Steve Jobs passed away in 2011, but the iPhone is still here and so are we. We've reviewed every single iPhone that Apple has released, and as we did when the iPad turned five, we'll walk down memory lane with both the benefit of hindsight and the stuff we thought at the time. The iPhone: It begins We're still talking about one of these gadgets; guess which one! Jacqui Cheng Our original iPhone review was written by four people and was nearly 20,000 words long—even in the pre-App Store days, there was a ton to cover. We take pretty much everything about that first phone for granted these days. It's driven almost entirely by its touchscreen, eschewing any sort of hardware keyboard. It had a mini version of the desktop Safari browser that could actually display accurate versions of sites instead of barely formatted piles of text and unsupported HTML and CSS. And it served as such an effective iPod replacement that it eventually cannibalized sales and reduced the iconic music player to a rounding error on Apple's balance sheets. Further ReadingiPhone in depth: the Ars review But we can say all of that pretty easily with the benefit of hindsight. At the time, we hedged our bets, and much of our review was about the things that the first iPhone was missing: no Exchange support, no MMS support, no app store, and no 3G connectivity. It was locked to AT&T, and since Apple hadn't yet succumbed to the subsidized two-year-contract model that helped obscure the true cost of a high-end smartphone, you had to pay $500 or $600 up front for a 4GB or 8GB model. From the review: We love the concept of the iPhone. It's extremely easy to use and almost entirely self-discoverable; the interface looks better than any other phone—smartphone or not—currently on the market, and it's just plain fun to use. In a perfect world, the iPhone is a perfect 10. But neither the world nor the iPhone is perfect. ...It's clear to us that the iPhone wasn't meant, at the outset anyway, as a smartphone for smartphone people (who typically end up being business people). Instead, the iPhone was meant as a smartphone for everyone else: average people who, until now, had no reason or motivation to get a BlackBerry or something similar that may have been more difficult to use and had way too many features for the average phone user. But the concept of the iPhone doesn't just appeal to average users; it appeals to everyone, including business users. And some would even say that business usage patterns are really at the forefront of what the iPhone should be doing anyway: push e-mail, network independence (you don't have to choose a carrier based on your phone), and custom apps. But like iPod 1.0, this design set out to accomplish the basics of what a full-featured Internet phone should be. With regard to Exchange and push e-mail, we believe that only a fraction of the target audience has use for that. Most people are using POP, IMAP and webmail; iPhone supports these. Of course, we anxiously await what Visto and others are working on with regard to add-on Exchange support. For us personally, the short explanation that we find ourselves giving people most often about how we feel about the iPhone is this: before the iPhone came out, we were planning to buy a new smartphone that was not the iPhone. We are still not buying an iPhone today, after having used it exclusively for some time. However, we are not buying something else either; we plan to wait to see what software (and hardware) updates might come out for the iPhone in the near future. We believe that the iPhone is cool enough to wait for whatever might come out, and we have confidence that many of the nits we have picked can be fixed through a major software update. The iPhone 3G: An iPhone with 3G The iPhone on the left, iPhone 3G on the right. Jacqui Cheng Apple's second iPhone got a tweaked design and that 3G connectivity we wanted, but the most important stuff about it in retrospect was its software and the way it was sold. "iPhone OS 2.0," as it was then called, added the App Store to both the 3G and the first-gen iPhone. Even with all the limits Apple placed on developers, it felt like the full potential of the iPhone was beginning to be realized. By this point, AT&T was also offering the phone for $199 or $299 with a two-year contract for 8GB and 16GB models—sure, you'd end up paying more in the long run, but those subsidies helped downplay the original model's sticker shock and get the phones in the hands of more people. Our review highlighted those advantages, but we were still lukewarm on the iPhone as a BlackBerry replacement for business users. At the time, in fact, we knocked this device down a couple points on an arbitrary numerical scale Ars was in the process of discontinuing. The $199 (or $299, or $399, or $499) question is: is it worth it? As usual, the answer is "it depends." If you're using some old, crappy cell phone, you're looking for something new, and you're not allergic to AT&T, then go for it. Do it now. Well, maybe wait until the lines subside. If you've got a smartphone for personal use—iPhone or otherwise—then the answer depends on how much you value the new features. Are 3G, the louder speaker, and GPS worth at least $200 plus $10 more per month for two years? Remember that you can get the iPhone 2.0 firmware and the App Store on an older iPhone as well. For us reviewers who are using the iPhone 3G as a personal phone, we feel happy with the decision to purchase it. Sure, it's not a religious experience, but we're definitely satisfied. If you want to wait and see what comes out of Apple in another six months to a year, however, there's no huge reason not to do so. If you're a business user, then we feel the answer is no, it's not worth it. The original iPhone was not made to be an enterprise device, and the new iPhone isn't either. Although some baby steps have been made, BlackBerry users will find themselves frustrated with the lack of complete Exchange support and may even end up returning their devices, or at least carrying an iPhone alongside a BlackBerry. We already know several who have done this, and it will happen to many more. Although we have dropped numerical scores from our product reviews, we feel the need to enumerate the iPhone 3G in comparison to our original iPhone score. A year ago, we gave the iPhone an 8 overall (with significant caveats based on personal use). The original iPhone was truly an innovation in the mobile space, and it has most certainly shaken things up over the last 12 months. The iPhone 3G is being marketed not only as a faster device, however, but as a business-capable device as well. So, not only is it being compared to the original iPhone, it is being compared more heavily to its competitors in the smartphone space than its predecessors. Because of this, we at Ars have agreed that the new device deserves a 6. It's great as a consumer device, but with enterprise users' expectations having been raised this time around, we feel it still has quite a ways to go. The iPhone 3GS: S is for speed Enlarge / A battle-tested iPhone 3GS running iOS 6, the last major iOS update the phone received and the last one to use the old Scott Forstall-era iOS design language. Andrew Cunningham Apple's third iPhone was its first "S" model, establishing a pattern that Apple followed until 2016's iPhone 7. One year would bring an iPhone with an all-new design, and the next year would bring a refinement of that design with faster internals and other new tweaks. For the 3GS, performance really was the main draw—even though the 3G didn't improve performance at all. What this phone did offer was double the RAM (from 128MB to 256MB), a processor bump from a 412MHz ARMv6 CPU to a 600MHz ARMv7 CPU, and a brand-new GPU. Those hardware improvements combined with the new stuff in iPhone OS 3.0 earned the 3GS a solid review from us, but we complained that it still couldn't run third-party apps in the background. Note the comparisons to the Palm Pre, a phone that looked impressive at the time but ultimately ended up imploding: Whether or not you buy an iPhone 3GS depends highly on what you're coming from and what you want to do with the device. If you're in the market for a new iPhone and you've never had one before (or you have an original iPhone), there's no reason not to buy the new one—the device is blazingly fast and can do more cool things than ever; you even qualify for fully subsidized pricing from most carriers. If you're an iPhone 3G owner, the question is more nuanced. How much do you value being able to take video? Do you like having a compass in Maps? One of us (Jacqui) is a 3G owner who doesn't plan to upgrade because the current feature set is not enough to make her want to drop $400 to $500 on a half-subsidized model that is very similar to one she already owns. However, if there's one reason to upgrade between these two models, do it for the speed. The speed difference is significant, and iPhone OS 3.0 is clearly optimized for the 3GS. As for everyone else, there are still downsides to consider when thinking about buying an iPhone. The OS still does not support background processes outside of Apple's own applications—something that the Pre's webOS can apparently handle quite smoothly. Some users still hate the iPhone's on-screen keyboard, and there's no indication that a physical keyboard (even as an add-on) is coming any time soon. And, for those of you in the US, the iPhone is still locked into AT&T, a carrier that seems relatively unpopular among our readership (though, we should point out that other popular phones like the Pre and G1 are also locked into their respective carriers, so this point only stands if you dislike AT&T more than the others). What we do know is that it's extremely difficult not to fall in love with the 3GS for some reason or another, especially if you play a lot of games or do a lot of Internet surfing. Despite its flaws, we still give it a thumbs up. Page: 1 2 3 Next → Andrew Cunningham Andrew has a B.A. in Classics from Kenyon College and has over five years of experience in IT. His work has appeared on Charge Shot!!! and AnandTech, and he records a weekly book podcast called Overdue. Email andrew.cunningham@arstechnica.com // Twitter @AndrewWrites reader comments 110 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.

clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Tess Townsend Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Apple iPhone These people thought the iPhone was a dud when it was announced 10 years ago Not surprisingly, most were people who ran companies Apple would soon crush. by Ina Fried@inafried Jan 9, 2017, 2:46pm EST tweet share Linkedin Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images While many jaws dropped when Apple co-founder Steve Jobs debuted the iPhone 10 years ago today, it’s worth remembering that not everyone was sold on the device. Among the loudest critics, not surprisingly, were the heads of companies that made what were seen as smartphones — until the iPhone leapfrogged them. “There’s no chance that the iPhone is going to get any significant market share. No chance. It’s a $500 subsidized item,” said then-Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer. (To be fair, the iPhone’s biggest adoption came after Apple changed the economics to bring the subsidized price of an iPhone below $300.) The iPhone did pretty well. In the 10 years since its debut, Apple has sold more than one billion of the devices and, in the process, became the world's most highly valued company. The co-CEO of BlackBerry maker Research In Motion didn't get what all the fuss was about — and indeed wouldn’t until it was too late. “It’s kind of one more entrant into an already very busy space with lots of choice for consumers,” Jim Balsillie told Reuters, of Apple’s iPhone. “But in terms of a sort of a sea-change for BlackBerry, I would think that’s overstating it.” Indeed, BlackBerry sales continued to grow for a while as more consumers — not just business-executive types — bought smartphones. But RIM never caught up to Apple in hardware or software technology. Still, the largest mobile phone maker at the time, Nokia, also downplayed the iPhone’s importance. “The development of mobile phones will be similar in PCs. Even with the Mac, Apple has attracted much attention at first, but they have still remained a niche manufacturer. That will be in mobile phones as well,” Nokia chief strategist Anssi Vanjoki told a German newspaper at the time. Back in the day, smartphones were pretty much defined by devices like the Palm Treo, and Palm CEO Ed Colligan doubted some computer maker was going to just waltz in and eat his lunch. “We've learned and struggled for a few years here figuring out how to make a decent phone,” Colligan said. “PC guys are not going to just figure this out. They're not going to just walk in.” Colligan was partly right. Dell and HP tried but never made any real headway in phones. While many of the loudest critics of the iPhone were the companies soon to be crushed by it, some ostensibly objective observers also panned the device. “There is no likelihood that Apple can be successful in a business this competitive,” John C. Dvorak wrote in a column titled “Apple should pull the plug on the iPhone.” Dvorak piled on, suggesting that continuing with the iPhone could hurt Apple’s image. “What Apple risks here is its reputation as a hot company that can do no wrong,” he wrote. “If it's smart it will call the iPhone a ‘reference design’ and pass it to some suckers to build with someone else's marketing budget. Then it can wash its hands of any marketplace failures.” TechCrunch, too, published a piece predicting the iPhone would fail after being rushed to market. Nor was it just the professionals who were wrong. Even plenty of early adopters thought Apple was limiting itself with a $500 smartphone, as evidenced by the discussion in this thread on Slashdot. But, hey, we’re all wrong now and then. I thought Windows Vista was going to be a hit. Subscribe to Recode Newsletters Recode Daily (Top News) Events Products Go recode_divider In this Storystream Apple’s iPhone is 10 years old Ten years after the iPhone, Apple is still looking for something to top it These people thought the iPhone was a dud when it was announced 10 years ago Watch Steve Jobs unveil the first iPhone — his greatest performance ever View all 3 stories More From Recode SpaceX nailed its first launch since last year’s big explosion Note to Tesla owners: Don’t forget your car keys Balaji Srinivasan, who may run the FDA for Trump, hates the FDA. But Silicon Valley likes Srinivasan. Flashback: New Snap chair Michael Lynton on Evan Spiegel and his ambitions Robots want half of your jobs Carnegie Mellon-led non profit received $250 million to create a new robotics institute Trending Note to Tesla owners: Don’t forget your car keys Balaji Srinivasan, who may run the FDA for Trump, hates the FDA. But Silicon Valley likes Srinivasan. These paper-airplane drones may one day save your life Amazon didn’t kill Macy’s. Macy’s did. Carnegie Mellon-led non profit received $250 million to create a new robotics institute More Trending Newsletters Recode Daily Top stories of the day. Recode Event Updates Our signature events sell out quickly. Be amongst the first to know. Recode Product Updates Special series, exclusive interviews and new features. This Article has a component height of 22. The sidebar size is long. The Latest SpaceX Transportation Elon Musk SpaceX nailed its first launch since last year’s big explosion by Johana Bhuiyan@JMBooyah Elon Musk’s rocket company launched ten of Iridium’s satellites on Saturday morning. Tesla Transportation Note to Tesla owners: Don’t forget your car keys by Johana Bhuiyan@JMBooyah A Tesla owner found the limits of smartphone keyless entry the annoying way. Balaji Srinivasan, who may run the FDA for Trump, hates the FDA. But Silicon Valley likes Srinivasan. by Peter Kafka Just ask Twitter. Snapchat Social Flashback: New Snap chair Michael Lynton on Evan Spiegel and his ambitions by Peter Kafka From February 2016: “I just don’t think people recognize how difficult it is to pull off what they’ve pulled off. “ Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Mobile Phones 10 years ago today: Remembering Steve Jobs make iPhone history 10 years ago today: Remembering Steve Jobs make iPhone history Commentary: From the moment he took the stage, Apple's co-founder knew the iPhone would change everything. Here's what I remember from being there that day. Phones by Connie Guglielmo January 9, 2017 9:00 AM PST @techledes Up Next Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS We all knew it was coming. Reporters, analysts and industry insiders had been speculating about Apple making a phone for nearly a year by the time Steve Jobs walked onto the Macworld Expo stage that cold January morning in San Francisco. "Thank you for coming," he said, wearing his trademark Levi's and black mock turtleneck. "We're going to make some history together today." Apple's Steve Jobs introduced the iPhone on Jan. 9, 2007, calling it a "revolutionary and magical product that is literally five years ahead of any other mobile phone."Photo by Apple Despite the months-long buildup, Apple's CEO managed to surprise the world when he finally unveiled the iPhone -- the company's big, risky move into the mobile phone market. "This is a day I've been looking forward to for two-and-a-half years," he told the audience of 4,000 people. "Every once in a while a revolutionary product comes along that changes everything ... One is very fortunate if you get to work on just one of these in your career. Apple's been very fortunate. It's been able to introduce a few of these into the world. Apple's influence Apple's iPhone turns 10. Where does it go from here? 10 ways the iPhone changed everything Does the Mac still matter? "In 1984, we introduced the Macintosh. It didn't just change Apple. It changed the whole computer industry. "In 2001, we introduced the first iPod and it didn't just change the way we listened to music. It changed the entire music industry. Well today we're introducing three revolutionary products of this class. "The first one is a widescreen iPod with touch controls," Jobs said to whoops and cheers while I -- sitting on the floor near one of the rare power outlets in the hall -- furiously sent out Jobs' remarks in 83-character, all cap headlines for Bloomberg News, where I worked as the Apple reporter. "The second is a revolutionary mobile phone. And the third is a breakthrough Internet communications device. So three things: a widescreen iPod with touch controls, a revolutionary mobile phone and a breakthrough internet communications device. "An iPod, a phone and an Internet communicator. An iPod, a phone -- are you getting it?" he asked the audience. "These are not separate devices. This is one device. And we are calling it iPhone. "Today Apple is going to reinvent the phone ... We want to make a leapfrog product that is way smarter than any mobile device has ever been and super easy to use." Ten years later, we know Jobs was right. Apple did make history on Jan. 9, 2007, when it unveiled one of the most iconic products in consumer electronics history. It's since become the phone of choice for hundreds of millions of people around the world. It redrew mobile phone design and changed the entire phone industry. And it pretty much led to the end of standalone music players, GPS receivers and low-end to midrange digital cameras. 18 The iPhone and the gadgets it laid to rest Master showman People always lined up for days outside San Francisco's Moscone Center to make sure they'd get a seat for the Macworld keynote. And while they camped out on Howard Street, they'd see the press, analysts and other VIPs escorted into Moscone West, where we waited on the top floor of the conference center. Back then, Apple didn't open the doors to the hall until 10 minutes before the event started, guaranteeing a frenzied horde of people scrambling for prime spots. By my guess, it takes just two minutes for 4,000 people to run into a conference hall and grab a seat. Let's just say Jobs already had a pretty receptive audience. And he certainly knew how to play a room. A master showman, Jobs kept the crowd of reporters, analysts, developers and Apple fans in a state of anticipation and wonder throughout the nearly two-hour keynote. He talked first about the move to Intel chips in Macs the year before, saying Mac sales proved the change over to the new architecture was a success. And he welcomed the loads of "switchers," who'd jettisoned Windows-based PCs for Macs. He touted the iPod, introduced more than five years earlier, calling it the world's most popular music player and the world's most popular video player. He got huge laughs from the crowd after cracking a joke about the mediocre launch of Microsoft's rival Zune player two months before. He played the latest iPod TV ad featuring neon-colored silhouettes of dancers rocking out to "Flathead," by indie Glasgow band The Fratellis. Oh, and he officially introduced Apple TV. And all the while I sat on the floor and typed out a steady stream of short, all-cap headlines -- a kind of primeval Twitter story. By the time Jobs reached the crux of his presentation, my headline only needed 19 characters: "Apple unveils phone." He'd been on stage for 20 minutes. The stock chart for Apple looked like a hockey stick just seconds after the news was out. Aha moment Apple's always been a magnet for speculation. Almost a year before Jobs stepped on that stage, rumors started flying that Apple was planning to enter the crowded mobile phone market with a cool new device. Talk turned from "if" to "when" in July 2006, after Peter Oppenheimer, then chief financial officer of Apple, pretty much confirmed the effort during in an earnings call with financial analysts. "We are very confident in our ability to compete in the marketplace, and we are very excited about what we have in the product pipeline," Oppenheimer said when asked how the company planned to compete against Sony and other rivals. "As regards cell phones, we do not think that the phones that are available today make the best music players. We think the iPod is. But over time, that is likely to change, and we are not sitting around doing nothing." That was an aha moment for financial types, especially since Apple doesn't make off-the-cuff comments about anything it's working on. The aha turned into "coming soon" three months later when news broke that Apple had filed a trademark application for iPhone. (Fun fact: Cisco owned the rights to the iPhone name when Apple launched the phone, but let Jobs have the trademark after reaching a legal settlement a few weeks later.) The iPhone: 2007, meet 2017 It was different, it was bold. How is it now? Ten years later, we dug up the original iPhone to give it another spin. by Scott Stein 2:24 Close Drag Bold promises It's hard for many to remember now, but back then few people could imagine how the iPhone's 3.5-inch touchscreen display and sleek design would upend a market that Nokia and BlackBerry ruled. BlackBerry's maker, then known as Research In Motion, later admitted it had underestimated the iPhone -- dissing it for its eight-hour battery life and because the phone ran only on AT&T's older, slower, second-generation wireless network. "By all rights, the product should have failed," David Yach, RIM's chief technology officer, told the Wall Street Journal in May 2015. I remember the iPhone was a big deal because it was such a big risk for Apple. Up until that day, Apple Computer Inc. was known for its Macs and the iPod. Jobs knew he was staking Apple's future on getting an even bigger slice of the consumer electronics market. He reinforced that idea when he announced at the end of his keynote that the company was dropping "Computer" from its name and would just be called Apple Inc. And he promised that the iPhone, which he called a "revolutionary and magical product that is literally five years ahead of any other mobile phone," would be a success if Apple could capture even 1 percent market share of the mobile market in 2008. That would mean selling 10 million iPhones. The crowd went wild. A financial analyst told me the iPhone, with its widescreen, full Safari web browser, visual voicemail and the music, photo and video features courtesy of the iPod, was a "complete stunner." Another told me the 10 million sales figure for 2008 "sounds low." Apple beat that 10 million goal by September 2008 - three months ahead of schedule. In July 2016, Apple announced it had sold 1 billion phones since the phone's launch. "iPhone set the standard for mobile computing in its first decade and we are just getting started," Apple CEO Tim Cook said Sunday in a message commemorating the 10th anniversary of the iPhone. "The best is yet to come." The right touch Here's what else I remember about the presentation that day. • Jobs saying "Boy, have we patented it" when he talked about the iPhone's design and its multitouch technology. He reveled in showing off how easy the phone was to use, calling out the single home button at the bottom of the glass screen. • Jobs making the first public call to Apple's chief designer, Jony Ive, who was sitting in the audience. Jobs asked Ive what he thought of the moment. Ive's reply: "It's not too shabby." • The laughter as Jobs called a local Starbucks, saying "I'd like to order 4,000 lattes to go, please. No, just kidding. Wrong number." • The disappointment when Apple didn't give developers a way to build native apps for the iPhone. (Jobs later changed his mind and decided to open that kind of access to developers, instead of just running web-based apps on the phone. Apple introduced the App Store in July 2008.) In the years since that launch, I've written a lot stories about the new models, about whether Apple can keep churning out designs that make us want to upgrade, and about how the phone changed Apple's partners, including Corning and AT&T. And so I'll share one of my favorite anecdotes, which comes from Marc Andreessen, who pioneered web browsing with Mosaic and Netscape and who is now one of the top venture capitalists in Silicon Valley. "In the fall of 2006, my wife, Laura, and I went out to dinner with Steve and his brilliant and lovely wife, Laurene," Andreessen told me in 2012. "Sitting outside of the restaurant on California Avenue in Palo Alto waiting for a table to open up, on a balmy Silicon Valley evening, Steve pulled his personal prototype iPhone out of his jeans pocket and said, 'Here, let me show you something.' He took me on a tour through all of the features and capabilities of the new device. "After an appropriate amount of oohing and aahing, I ventured a comment. BlackBerry aficionado as I was, I said, 'Boy, Steve, don't you think it's going to be a problem not having a physical keyboard? Are people really going to be OK typing directly on the screen?' "He looked me right in the eye with that piercing gaze and said, 'They'll get used to it.'" And so we all did. Please leave some of your thoughts in the comments section on how the iPhone has changed the way you live. Does the Mac still matter? Apple execs tell why the MacBook Pro was over four years in the making, and why we should care. Read about it here. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Phones Gadgets AT&T Steve Jobs Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Jan 15 Apple tries to prove your AirPods won't fall out Jan 13 CNET UK podcast 511: Wafer thin TVs and why Ron Swanson would destroy Vegas Jan 13 Tablets built for Netflix and chill (among other things) Jan 12 Apple MacBook Pro now gets thumbs-up from Consumer Reports All Apple Stories Related Stories Bendable and foldable phones are coming. Are you ready? Attack of the $400 phone New Moto phone may debut next month in Barcelona 7 of the Best Phones for 2017 Close   Discuss: 10 years ago today: Remembering Steve Jobs... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. To CNNMoney business culture gadgets future startups To CNNMoney Gadget Apple hints at a foldable iPhone once again by Selena Larson   @selenalarson November 22, 2016: 1:28 PM ET Hands on with the MacBook Pro Apple may be nostalgic for the bygone days of the flip phone. Apple (AAPL, Tech30) has been granted a patent for a flexible iPhone that can fold in half and grip your clothes. This would potentially cut down on the need to stuff devices into pockets. While Apple often files for patents for technology that never see the light of day, it often provides a glimpse into what the company is thinking for the future. The patent for "flexible display devices" -- which was filed in July 2014 -- features a touchscreen smartphone with a design popularized by clamshell phones. The patent highlights how screens featuring a flexible OLED display could bend to face each other or fit back-to-back. Additional hinges could accommodate different ways of folding the phone, too. For example, it could bend in thirds instead. Related: Apple gets patent for wrap-around iPhone screen It's unlikely we'll see a foldable iPhone anytime soon, but flexible screens are in the realm of possibility -- and this isn't the first time Apple has shown interest in them. Earlier this month, Apple was granted its first patent for a foldable flip phone -- one that opened and closed like a notebook. Instead of a screen, the patent described how "carbon nanotubes" could bend to form the center hinge. Meanwhile, it was awarded a patent for a flexible screen in 2016. It detailed flexible components on an iPhone-like device that could withstand bending, warping or dropping. Following complaints of faulty flexing phones dubbed "Bendgate," Apple may be looking for a way to improve the durability of its hardware and better conform to our back pockets. Other recent Apple patents include a 360-degree screen that wraps entirely around a phone and smart glasses to rival Google's failed Glass product. Although the patent for the latest flexible display illustrates how it could be used with a phone, the language references any "electronic device." It's unknown as of now if there is an iPhone flip phone in the works, but there's certainly an interest in the old school category. In May, Motorola released a flip phone Razr teaser video, which was viewed online more than 6 million in its first week. CNNMoney (San Francisco) First published November 22, 2016: 1:28 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending These 8 men are richer than 3.6 billion people combined Trump renews attacks on 'SNL,' right on cue Lexus unveils 885 horsepower yacht Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring your balance to an 18-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 Jaw-dropping cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. AdChoices.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 15, 10:59 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple iPhone Anniversary: Watch Steve Jobs' Compelling Presentation From 10 Years Ago By Denisse Moreno On 01/09/17 AT 2:50 PM Close “Every once in a while, a revolutionary product comes along that changes everything.” That’s how Steve Jobs revealed the iPhone 10 years ago today at Macworld 2007 in San Francisco. The iPhone was unveiled as “a widescreen iPod with touch controls, a revolutionary mobile phone and a breakthrough internet communications device,” by the late Apple founder in an almost two-hour event.   You can see Jobs’ compelling and funny (checkout the rotary iPod picture and the 4,000-latte Starbucks call) presentation here: “In the ten years since, iPhone has enriched the lives of people around the world with over one billion units sold,” Apple said Sunday in a press release ahead of the iPhone’s 10-year anniversary. The iPhone was initially revealed as a three-in-one device (phone, iPod and internet). The generations that followed continued to surprise with features, like Siri, Fingerprint ID and Apple Pay. The smartphone also paved the way for new products including the iPad and Apple Watch, and millions of apps. Apple iPhone anniversary: Steve Jobs Unveils the iPhone in 2007. Photo: Apple "It is amazing that from the very first iPhone through to today's newest iPhone 7 Plus, it has remained the gold standard by which all other smartphones are judged.” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of worldwide marketing. “For many of us, iPhone has become the most essential device in our lives and we love it." Related Stories Apple Could Release MacBook Pro With IGZO Panels This Year Apple Breaks Record On New Year's Day, Reveals Top Downloaded Apps Of 2016 Apple CEO Tim Cook says the device “set the standard for mobile computing in its first decade and we are just getting started.” “The best is yet to come,” he added. Apple had a great holiday season, beating out its rival Samsung. More people activated Apple devices than Samsung gadgets over the holidays according to data from analytics firm Flurry. It wasn’t a close race either--for every Samsung device that was activated, Apple saw two gadget activations. Apple is expected to release its next iPhone generation later this year. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Takata Close To Faulty Airbag Settlement The settlement with DOJ reportedly includes a $25 million criminal fine, $125 million in victim compensation, and $850 million to compensate automakers. Technology Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update However, it may be a while before HTC pushes out the official update for its HTC 10 device World Diplomats Warn US Against Moving Embassy To Jerusalem Israel did not attend Sunday's peace conference in Paris, saying it was "rigged" against the Jewish state. National Scottish Newspaper Lists Trump Inauguration As Episode Of 'Twilight Zone' Trump is to be sworn into office Friday. The Scottish Sunday Herald characterized it as the start of a "huge interactive virtual reality project." © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Mobile Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Three new iPads to jumpstart Apple's business this spring, top analyst says Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan Monday, 9 Jan 2017 | 2:36 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters O'Leary: I love what's happening to the services business at Apple    Monday, 9 Jan 2017 | 4:18 PM ET | 03:14 Plans for three new iPad models could revive tablet sales for Apple, according to analyst Ming-Chi Kuo at KGI Securities, cited by 9to5Mac. In the second quarter the company will release a new version of the 12.9-inch iPad Pro, as well as a mid-range and low-priced option, according to 9to5Mac's report. The mid-range model, either 10 inches or 10.5 inches, will have a faster chip and the screen will cover more of the front of the tablet, Kuo wrote in the note obtained by 9to5Mac. Kuo has long expected new iPads to be released this year, to supplement Apple's new MacBook line. Apple's iPad shipments declined 7 percent year-over-year in the fourth fiscal quarter, reported at the end of October. Kuo reportedly said he expects Apple's iPad prospects to improve with the new models, thanks to lower supply chain costs and a wider variety of attractive options for businesses. For more on the story, see the full article at 9to5mac.com WATCH: The iPhone celebrates its 10th anniversary show chapters Apple hits one-year high – here’s why it could keep rising    Monday, 9 Jan 2017 | 4:21 PM ET | 02:18 Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 8 TV app AirPods MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro You are here: Home > Apple seeds watchOS 3.1.3 beta 2 to developers Apple seeds watchOS 3.1.3 beta 2 to developers January 9, 2017 Peter Cao Leave a comment A little under three weeks since Apple the first beta, Apple has now released watchOS 3.1.3 beta 2 to developers. We’re unsure at the moment what’s new in the beta but we’ll update this post with new information when available. If you’re a developer and want to get it yourself, you can get it from the Developer Portal. If you’re already on the beta, go ahead and update OTA. But be warned, unlike iOS, there’s no restoring to previous versions of watchOS. To install, you’ll need your Apple Watch connected to its charger and have at least 50% battery. We’ll be sure to update this post as we find more features. Tags: Apple Watch, watchOS, watchOS 3.1.3, watchOS 3.1.3 beta, watchOS 3.1.3 beta 2 About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Apple seeds iOS 10.2.1 beta 3 to developers Apple seeds second tvOS 10.1.1 beta to developers → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Review: An AirPods review from an audiophile's perspective4 Apple features wallpapers for iPhone, iPad, and Mac to celebrate Chinese New Year1 Survey says the iPhone is the most popular gift on 2016 Christmas holiday wish lists1 Hands-on: First impression with AirPods1 Apple to exclusively use Samsung AMOLED panels for its 5.8-inch iPhone next year1 Report: Apple's AirPods and Beats wireless headphones make up 40% of recent Bluetooth headphone sales1 Foxconn begins automating its production lines, plans to automate entire factories1 KGI: 2017 iPhone will likely have glass front and back, stainless steel on premium models2 Apple Pay adds an additional 17 banks and credit unions in the U.S.1 Apple publishes first research paper focused on AI and advanced image recognition1 PhoneDog OEMs: Quit omitting the dang headphone jack The most iconic smartphones of the past decade Xiaomi Air 13 Laptop Review Moto holding MWC event on February 26 Samsung Galaxy S8 expected to include 3.5mm headphone jack Andy Rubin said to be prepping new high-end smartphone that supports hardware add-ons Sprint will give you $200 when you switch carriers and sign up for an unlimited plan Android And Me Motorola hosting MWC event on February Samsung Galaxy S8 may have a headphone Andy Rubin working on an AI-focused, Sprint offering $200 to switch carriers Top 10 Android app updates this week: ZTE will launch an Android Wear watch HTC cutting down on new smartphones TmoNews Florida woman drives SUV into T-Mobile HTC U Ultra is a new Android phablet T-Mobile rolls out LTE upgrades in Washington, ZTE Axon 7 Mini receiving update with Upcoming T-Mobile Tuesday will include Next week’s T-Mobile Tuesday includes T-Mobile CEO John Legere makes his predictions PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
Tech Entertainment Business Social Deals Podcast About Mobile As the iPhone turns 10, here are what the first reviews looked like in 2007 Yoni Heisler @edibleapple January 9th, 2017 at 1:06 PM Share Tweet 10 years ago today, Steve Jobs walked on stage and introduced the world to the iPhone. Without exaggeration, the iPhone forever changed the way we interact with technology, and more broadly speaking, how millions of people across the world live their lives. Everything we use our smartphones for today, whether it be browsing the web, watching movies, downloading apps on the cheap, taking eye-popping photographs, none of it would have been possible without the original iPhone. Don't Miss: All the reasons people are ditching Android and switching to iPhones Even though many of the technologies that shaped the original iPhone were not Apple inventions — with multitouch being a prime example — Apple’s iPhone brought said technologies into the mainstream for the very first time. Even the shape of the original iPhone itself — a rectangle with rounded corners — would soon become the blueprint for nearly all other smartphone manufacturers on the planet. And even though the original iPhone lacked a number of important features at launch, such as support 3G, cut and paste, and a compelling camera, it was nonetheless as impactful and significant of a product as we’ve seen over the last three decades. In light of the iPhone’s 10th anniversary, we’ve gone back in time and have scoured the web for some of the first things that people said about the iPhone, not only after Steve Jobs introduced it, but also what some of the first reviews had to say about the device. Interestingly enough, not all of the first impressions and reviews were overwhelmingly positive. Wired – “Not worth the money” Final verdict: There’s no denying the wow factor, but overall the iPhone isn’t worth the money. For $300 I’d give it the thumbs up, but at $600 you’re better off with something else for half the price. Engadget I just need to get it out of the way: Words cannot describe how incredibly wonderful this thing feels to touch and hold. It is an absolute marvel of engineering. Gorgeous in every way. … Amazingly, just about all facets of the phone’s software work as advertised. Switching from the browser back to the Home screen is a snap; hitting the Home button the middle of a YouTube video is also a snap. Have I mentioned yet that this seems to be a device designed and engineered by angels? Because it is. Daring Fireball The high resolution screen is gorgeous. Helvetica has never, ever looked so good on screen. Everything is very fast, very responsive. When you drag something — whether it’s the slider button to unlock the phone, a zoomed-in photograph, or a web page — the drag keeps up with your finger. I haven’t found a single element of the iPhone UI that doesn’t feel super-snappy. The whole thing feels very realistic. … SAFARI: Excellent mobile web browser. Double-tap to zoom in and out just works, at least on the pages I tried. iPhone Safari seems hyper-aggressive about keeping a low memory and resource footprint. For example, there doesn’t seem to be any sort of cache for the back button; going back loads the page again. The Peanut Gallery – “no stylus or keyboard?!” Going back to Jobs’ iPhone unveiling, some comments and fan reactions from a January 2007 Engadget post are hilarious to look back at: Apparently none of you guys realize how bad of an idea a touch-screen is on a phone. I foresee some pretty obvious and pretty major problems here. I’ll be keeping my Samsung A707, thanks. It’s smaller, it’s got a protected screen, and it’s got proper buttons. And it’s got all the same features otherwise. (Oh, but it doesn’t run a bloatware OS that was never designed for a phone.) Color me massively disappointed. And a few more for good measure: Im not impressed with the iPhone. As a PDA user and a Windows Mobile user, this thing has nothing on my phone. It sure is good at what it was designed for, a phone that entertains and talks… other than that, i dont see much potential. How the hell am I suppose to put appointments on the phone with no stylus or keyboard?! I can sync it with my computer, but when Im on the go, I cant do either! No thanks Apple. Make a real PDA please…. Of course, not everyone can see the future when it’s presented to them. Touch screen buttons? BAD idea. This thing will never work. Wow! An update to the ROCKR! Cool. Oops….(akward.) Steve Ballmer And speaking of folks who couldn’t appreciate that the iPhone was the future, here’s an old classic featuring former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer. BlackBerry was shocked, but not worried As detailed in Jacquie McNish’s 2015 book, Losing the Signal: The Untold Story Behind the Extraordinary Rise and Spectacular Fall of BlackBerry Hardcover, BlackBerry executives were so taken with the iPhone that they initially didn’t even believe the device was technologically feasible. Mike Lazaridis, the founder and vice chairman of BlackBerry at the time, was watching the televised report from his treadmill. “How did they do that?” Lazaridis famously wondered while watching Jobs’ iPhone introduction. Lazardis also thought that all of the iPhone’s functionality would ultimately “collapse the network.” After imploring co-CEO Jim Balsillie to watch the iPhone introduction, Balsillie responded, “It’s OK. We’ll be fine.” Nokia welcomed Apple with open arms Nokia marketing chief Johan Eidhagen welcomed Apple’s foray into the smartphone space. “I think it’s good for the industry,” Eidhagen said. “It’s confirming what we’ve been trying to do at Nokia. We’ve been saying for the last eight years this would change from a phone market into something else. It has become an Internet industry and Apple is just confirming that with this phone.” Tim Bajarin Writing for PC Mag, Bajarin was very impressed with the original iPhone. Multi-touch, as Apple has deployed it here, is a revolutionary user interface and, as with using a mouse for the first time, takes some getting used to. I found that it was very responsive, but I have fat fingers, and in some instances that caused my navigation to be less precise and initiated actions that I did not want. But once you get the hang of it, it works flawlessly. This is especially true of the virtual keyboard. I had to get used to the way any text key is activated, but it was not difficult to learn to make it work well. Also, it uses predictive text software, so many times when you type in a word or even a name from your contacts list, it fetches what it thinks you want. I found that most of the time it was smart enough to know the word or name I was actually trying to type. Tags: Apple, iPhone View Comments Trending 1 Accessories This portable Wi-Fi router is smaller (and smarter?) than your smartphone 2 Mobile Watch this disgruntled customer drive her SUV through a T-Mobile store 3 Entertainment 9 new movie trailers you need to watch from this past week 4 Entertainment DirecTV Now is seriously broken 5 Apps & Software 8 paid iPhone apps on sale for free today Picked For You Former Android chief Andy Rubin to release a high-end iPhone competitor this year By Yoni Heisler January 14th at 3:19 PM $40 device doubles the storage of your 32GB iPhone 7 or 7 Plus By Maren Estrada January 14th at 10:30 AM Whatsapp bug allows viewing of encrypted messages By Chris Mills January 13th at 11:01 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home TV News ‘Carpool Karaoke’ on Apple Music Will Bring Together Billy Eichner and Metallica Oriana Schwindt 0 Share This Article Email LinkedIn Pin It Tumblr Print Photo by Buchan/Variety/REX/Shutterstock January 9, 2017 | 11:10AM PT “Carpool Karaoke” started as a bit “Late Late Show” host James Corden translated from Britain’s Comic Relief fundraiser in 2011. In the intervening half-decade, the bit has become a behemoth, leading to an expansion into a half-hour standalone series that will run exclusively on Apple Music. Apple Music’s “Carpool Karaoke” doesn’t have a release date yet, but it will consist of 16 half-hours, executive producers Eric Pankowski, Ben Winston, and Corden revealed Monday morning at the TCA winter press tour. Furthermore, the series won’t have a single host in the drivers’ seat. Instead, the trio conceived of a format that is more of an interview series than longer versions of the “Late Late Show” bit, with a different “host” for every episode. “We’re really excited about the pairings we’re putting together,” Corden said. Those pairings include more traditional musical choices like John Legend with Alicia Keys and Seth MacFarlane with Ariana Grande, but also more outside-the-box choices like Billy Eichner in the passenger seat, surrounded by the band Metallica, or former NFL star and talk show host Michael Strahan with NASCAR driver Jeff Gordon. Related James Corden Shares Emotional Tribute to George Michael (Watch) “What James does is so special and singular, it was silly, as we figured out how to make a full series, to try and replicate that,” Winston said. (Spike TV is days away from debuting its vaguely similarly premised “Caraoke Showdown,” though Corden and company didn’t comment on that series other than a simple, “I haven’t seen it.”) The idea to go outside the usual musical pairings came from the immense demand from non-musical stars clamoring to appear in the car with Corden. “We wouldn’t do Will Smith on [‘Late Late Show’],” Winston said. “So many people have been getting in touch with us, big movie stars, and we’re like, ‘that’s not really for us,’ but here with Apple Music it’s perfect.” The series will be Apple Music’s first. “We thought about places to go with it, but we’d also heard Apple wanted to get into the video business, and because of the show and its celebration of music, we went to them,” Pankowski said. “They grabbed it with both hands right off the jump.” Related James Corden to Host Grammy Awards (EXCLUSIVE) The bit that serves as the kernel of the series isn’t going anywhere; Corden will continue to do Carpool Karaoke on the show. “When you’re putting together a talk show you’re searching for the things that will define your show,” Corden said. “Next thing you know hundreds of millions of people are watching it.” At the same time, Corden is aware that the bit is best used sparingly. “We can only do it so many times,” he said. “We’ve done 300 shows and we’ve done it, what, 23 times?” Apple Music’s snapping up of “Carpool Karaoke” was just the first franchising of Corden’s bits; Corden also has a series in development at TBS based on his “Drop the Mic” segment. “To have two bits on your show that work outside the bubble of your television set is wonderful — to have two work to be their own show is something I feel very proud of,” Corden said. The changing nature of late-night TV has been a big boon to the way these particular producers think. “We’ve got a huge advantage in this day and age called YouTube,” Winston said. “This is really resonating with our viewers. You can make a show for any time of the day. You wake up to 10 million having watched it online.” Filed Under: Apple Music Carpool Karaoke James Corden Late Late Show Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 2016-2017 Oscar Predictions Most Popular 1 Film 5:57PM PT China Box Office: ‘Passengers’ Deposes ‘Rogue One’ After One Week 2 TV 4:33PM PT Donald Trump Again Attacks ‘Saturday Night Live’: ‘Always a Complete Hit Job’ 3 Digital 3:20PM PT How to Watch Steelers-Chiefs NFL Playoff Game Online 4 TV 2:33PM PT Dick Gautier, ‘Get Smart’ Actor, Dies at 85 5 Digital 12:06PM PT How to Watch Cowboys-Packers NFL Playoff Game Online ‘Toni Erdmann’ Named Best Foreign Language Film at Palm Springs Film Festival Oscars: VFX Contenders Put On a Show at Academy’s Annual Bake-Off An Oscars Tradition Dies, But Why Not Announce the Nominees in Primetime? ‘La La Land’ Launches in Imax With New Poster Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More TV News from Variety The Power of Content How to Watch Arrested Development: Acclaimed Series Returning… 'Homeland' EP On Season 6 Debut, How Claire Danes Drama Will End… Nike's Mark Parker Convinced Kobe Bryant to Read a 944-Page Book… Homeland Season 6 Premiere Recap: Losing the War, On Drugs Take a VR tour of the White House with President Obama Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line BGR WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource ad
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple plans 'high-tech manufacturing' of data-center gear in Arizona Kif Leswing Jan. 9, 2017, 2:15 PM 22,084 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple CEO Tim Cook. REUTERS/Toru Hanai Apple is seeking permission to conduct "high-tech manufacturing" and to build data-center server gear in a Mesa, Arizona, facility, according to a notice published Monday by the US federal government. A notification published in the Federal Register on Monday said Apple was looking for approval from the Foreign-Trade Zones Board to produce "finished products" in a special zone that exempts it from customs duty payments. "Apple Inc has repurposed the site as a global data command center that will conduct high-tech manufacturing of finished data center cabinets for other data centers," according to a document filed by Mesa on behalf of Apple in June and made public Monday. The filings come as Apple has come under fire by President-elect Donald Trump for producing the iPhone and other popular products overseas. The Arizona effort would mark a rare instance of a US tech company manufacturing and assembling a finished product domestically, where labor costs are higher. Apple's effort appears limited to equipment for its internal operations, however, rather than for a mass-market consumer product. "The nature of the product is not for end users but for other global data centers what will be supported from the site," according to the July filing. In June, an Apple official wrote to the Foreign-Trade Zones Board asking for the approval, saying the company wanted to meet "an aggressive production go-live timeline of September, 2016." The servers Apple uses in facilities such as its data centers in Oregon and North Carolina are currently built and tested on-site, according to a person with knowledge of Apple's data operations. Apple is now moving to consolidate that work in Mesa, where it plans to build and configure its servers before shipping them to other American data centers, the person said. Apple owns a huge facility in Mesa that was formerly leased to a supplier to build sapphire screen coverings. The facility first applied for and received its special foreign-trade-zone status in March 2014, but the supplier declared bankruptcy before it finished production of the screen coverings. More recently, the facility has been transformed into a "global command center" to store and serve iCloud backups and iTunes. Import and export Apple's Mesa, Arizona, data center is huge. Mesa The document says that the final product will be shipped domestically and exported and that the manufacturing facility will "utilize personnel with extensive education and allow Apple to offer best in class data support." Monday's filing notes that production at the facility could include imported materials and components including "server housing and enclosures" as well as "routers and network switches." Foreign-trade zones are essentially outside US customs territory, which means companies can avoid duties when exporting or importing merchandise. The US government supports the zones to help create jobs through "the encouragement of operations in the United States which, for customs reasons, might otherwise have been carried on abroad." "On its domestic sales, Apple would be able to choose the duty rate during customs entry procedures that applies to finished server assembly cabinets (duty-free) for the foreign-status materials/components noted below and in the existing scope of authority," the notice continues. "The announcement is consistent with what Apple has planned since 2015. They’re a great community partner, and we’re excited to work with them moving forward," a Mesa spokesperson told Business Insider.  International Trade Administration officials did not immediately return a request for comment. Global command center Trump has called several times for Apple to assemble its consumer products in the US. The facility was originally going to be used to manufacture sapphire coverings for iPhones. Mesa Apple's Mesa facility has been called a "global command center" for Apple's cloud operations. Apple relies on outside vendors for its cloud operations but has been building up the capability to run its own servers at scale in-house, which would mean a significant amount of assembly and construction. The enormous facility, originally intended for manufacturing, is bigger than most data centers. It would make sense as a location for Apple to coordinate building hardware for its data centers. Though the facility will be designed to support Apple's American data centers, the company has data-center facilities around the world including in both Ireland and Denmark. Apple has been working on projects to design its own servers, The Information reported in March, mostly to ensure that the hardware is secure. Apple reportedly has found that servers it buys off-the-shelf may have had hardware and software added to them to make them vulnerable to infiltration. Apple has said it is planning to start with 150 "high-paid" positions at its Mesa "command center," and the Arizona government has said Apple plans to have a full-time executive working out of the facility. In October, Apple started hiring services technicians, managers, engineers, and other operations professionals to work at the Arizona facility. Visit Markets Insider for constantly updated market quotes for individual stocks, ETFs, indices, commodities and currencies traded around the world. Go Now! SEE ALSO: PHOTOS: A look inside the massive space that will become Apple's $2 billion 'data command center' More: Apple Data Center Mesa Arizona Donald Trump US Manufacturing Markets Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple plans 'high-tech manufacturing' of data-center gear in Arizona Apple plans 'high-tech manufacturing' of data-center gear in Arizona Apple is seeking permission to conduct... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Tech Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Tech Home Computers Google Video Games Military Tech War Games Slideshows Apple Apple's iPhone celebrates its 10th anniversary By James Rogers Published January 09, 2017 FoxNews.com Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print File photo - Steve Jobs holds the first iPhone in San Francisco, California January 9, 2007. (REUTERS/Kimberly White) It is 10 years to the day since Steve Jobs unveiled the iPhone, an iconic device that has completely transformed the consumer technology landscape. Jobs first revealed the smartphone on stage at the Macworld conference on Jan. 9, 2007. The then-Apple CEO described the iPhone as “three things – a widescreen iPod with touch controls, a revolutionary mobile phone and a breakthrough Internet communications device.” “These are not three separate devices – these are one device and we are calling it iPhone,” Jobs added. “Today, Apple is going to reinvent the phone.” APPLE UNVEILS NEW IPHONES: THE IPHONE 7 AND 7 PLUS Apple has sold more than a billion iPhones since Jobs took to the stage at Macworld in San Francisco. In a blog post Sunday the tech giant noted that the iPhone has inspired other products such as the iPad and Apple Watch, as well as millions of apps. The iPhone has had a massive impact on many aspects of consumer technology, according to Jackdaw Research analyst Jan Dawson. “Smartphones are easily the most ubiquitous consumer technology item out there, and the iPhone really pioneered the modern conception of the smartphone,” he explained, via email. “But smartphones are also at the core of all kinds of other things, from wearables to apps to services like Uber and AirBnb. So much of what we use in our daily lives today has smartphones at the center, and it was the iPhone that kicked off the mainstreaming of the smartphone.” Apple unveiled its latest iPhones – the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, in September, and speculation is mounting about the eagerly-anticipated iPhone 8, which is expected to launch later this year. APPLE'S COMING ATTRACTIONS IN 2017: RADICAL NEW IPHONE, RESIZED IPAD? Rumored iPhone 8 features include an Organic Light-Emitting Diode (OLED) display that could offer greater power efficiency and image quality than Apple’s current Liquid Crystal Display LCD technology. The iPhone 8 may also have an edge-to-edge display and an embedded virtual home button, according to media reports. “iPhone is an essential part of our customers' lives, and today more than ever it is redefining the way we communicate, entertain, work and live,” said Apple CEO Tim Cook, in the company’s blog post. “iPhone set the standard for mobile computing in its first decade and we are just getting started. The best is yet to come.” Apple, however, saw iPhone sales decline in its 2016 fiscal year, the first such fall since the device was introduced in 2007. MACBOOK PRO SAVES MAN'S LIFE IN FT. LAUDERDALE SHOOTING The Cupertino, Calif.-based firm faces stiff competition in the smartphone space. While arch-rival Samsung suffered a setback with its Galaxy Note7 snafu, great things are expected from the South Korean firm’s Galaxy S8, which is expected to make its debut in mid-April. Dawson told FoxNews.com that a major challenge facing the iPhone is that smartphones have reached a saturation point in major mature markets and among wealthier customers in emerging markets. “There are still some people left who will buy a premium smartphone like the iPhone, but in order to grow the iPhone business, it has to win share from Android unless something changes dramatically in the pricing and positioning of the phone,” he explained, via email. “The other challenge is that the iPhone is now so mature as a product that you no longer have the same drive to replace it every two years – a two, three or even four year old iPhone can still function just fine, and so the push to buy a new one every year or two isn’t as strong as in the past.” With so many iPhones already in use around the world and the device reaching an important milestone, Apple clearly needs to make a big splash with iPhone 8. WORST PRODUCT LAUNCHES IN PICTURES “Apple needs to continue innovating and releasing new technologies and features that are unique to new iPhones in order to convince people to upgrade the phones they have,” wrote Dawson. Follow James Rogers on Twitter @jamesjrogers Advertisement Trending in Tech 1 Tech Q&A: What's the best music streaming service? 2 Seven unexpected things Amazon's Alexa can do for you 3 'Gravity Rush 2': Falling, with style 4 Phone hacking company falls victim to hackers 5 'Professional authenticators' will rid its site of fake goods, eBay says See all Trends Scitech Connect Subscribe to the daily Geek Sheet for the top science and technology stories. Thank you! Your subscription has been submitted. Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
Home About us Newspaper Subscription Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook China Uncensored Apple Bows to Chinese Censorship… Again | China Uncensored China Uncensored Apple Bows to Chinese Censorship… Again | China Uncensored By Chris Chappell | January 9, 2017 AT 2:17 PM Last Updated: January 9, 2017 2:17 pm China Uncensored is a weekly satire show produced by NTD Television. The views expressed do not necessarily represent those of Epoch Times. Apple: it’s the world’s most valuable company. Its iPhones are hugely popular in China. But on December 23, Apple made a move in China that tarnished its international image. Last month, government authorities asked Apple to remove the English language and Chinese language New York Times apps from its Chinese iTunes store. — Wochit Headline News Come on! First they remove the headphone jack. And now, freedom of speech. Not for everyone, of course. Just for the one-fifth of the world’s population. But this is a huge tragedy for people in China. How are they going to access important news, like this story about three New Yorkers co-parenting a goldendoodle? Or this one, about how your teenager can help you pick your next multimillion-dollar real estate property? Actually, with all of the rich Chinese trying to park their money in US real estate, that second article might actually be…useful. Anyway, we could sit around making fun of the New York Times all day. And it would be so much fun. But while we’ve criticized the Times in the past for omitting certain sensitive stories from its China coverage—and even getting a few China stories wrong—it is one of the few major US media companies with reporters in China. And they even publish a Chinese version. Without it, Chinese people lose an important perspective on how the Western world views China. The funny thing is, this isn’t even the first time the New York Times has been censored in China.Authorities started blocking the New York Times website back in 2012 after it published an exposé on the family of the Chinese prime minister. But Chinese censors were technologically unable to block citizens from directly accessing New York Times articles through its iPhone app. Eventually, though, the censors figured it out: Just make Apple to do the censoring! An Apple spokesman told the New York Times that it removed their app because it was “in violation of local [Chinese] regulations.” Now you might be a bit surprised that Apple would bend over backwards for the Chinese authorities like this—considering that, last year, Apple fought tooth and nail against US authorities to protect user data. That’s when the FBI wanted the company to create a backdoor so they could get into a suspect’s iPhone. Eventually, Apple won. In the sense that the Justice Department dropped the case. Because the FBI figured out how to unlock the phone themselves after being on hold with Apple Customer Service for 32 days. But, in China, a fight with authorities wouldn’t just mean an expensive legal battle. It would put Apple’s entire, multibillion-dollar future in jeopardy because the Chinese Communist Party doesn’t play fair. For example, Apple is still fighting a ruling that initially banned iPhone 6 sales over a patent-infringement claim by a Chinese company so small, it doesn’t even have a website. So in a country where the legal system is a joke, Apple probably decided it’s easier to give in  than to fight its way out. And the part Apple didn’t tell the public is that it owes the Chinese regime a big favor. You see, Apple and its China manufacturing partner Foxconn took billions of dollars in government subsidies and perks. That’s according to this damning piece published in the New York Times—six days after their app was removed. Which is why you shouldn’t pick a fight with investigative reporters. Anyway, this isn’t even the first time Apple has caved to the Chinese censors. In 2013, Apple removed an app from its Chinese App Store that let users get around the Great Firewall of China. They’ve also in the past removed other media apps from their app store that let Chinese people read uncensored information. The New York Times is just the most high-profile example so far. So what’s Apple’s motivation for kowtowing to the Chinese Communist Party? This is hardly a surprise, but: Money. And it’s more about sales than just the cheap manufacturing. You see, China is the world’s biggest consumer of iPhones. As of a year ago, there were 131 million iPhone users in China, compared to just 110 million in the US. But Apple hopes it still has a ways to go, since that’s still only 17% of the Chinese smartphone market. Yeah, there’s a lot of people in China. So it seems poor Apple has no choice but to do what the Chinese regime tells them, under the excuse of following “local regulations”—and to hope that keeps the door open for future sales in China. But if Apple thinks the Chinese regime intends to let them continue to be the biggest smartphone retailer in China, they’re kidding themselves. Like how eBay went to China in 2004 with big dreams, but left with its tail between its legs after Chinese website Taobao pushed it out of the market. Google had high hopes to be the primary search engine in China, and even agreed to the regime’s censorship requirements initially, only to be pushed out by Chinese search engine Baidu, whose co-founder is a member of the Chinese government’s top advisory body. Microsoft assumed it would keep expanding Windows in China forever, only to see the Chinese government take moves in 2014 to require that Windows 8 be replaced with a Chinese knockoff. And most recently, Uber got taken for a ride when it was suffocated by Chinese government regulation, and was forced to sell its China business to a local competitor. And Apple itself has gotten in trouble in China. In addition to the iPhone 6 delay, Apple’s own iTunes Movies and iBooks stores were shut down by government regulators. And state-run media has targeted the company as well. So Apple already knows that their road in China is going to be dangerous. And Apple’s not exactly bulletproof—unlike those Huawei phones. But they’re still holding on to dreams of a larger market share. The thing is, the Chinese regime almost certainly intends to let homegrown Chinese smartphone makers like Huawei rule in the long-term. Which means that even if Apple tosses its reputation into the garbage today in exchange for a piece of the Chinese market, in the end, they’re going to get Shanghaied. So what do you think? Leave your comments below. Editor’s Picks The Disease of Struggle Why Economists Can’t Get It Right Daoyong Zheng: Finding Grace and Compassion Through an Affinity for Dance Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in China UncensoredIs China Pushing for War with Taiwan? | China UncensoredShould China Be Labeled a Currency Manipulator? | China UncensoredTrump Slaps China Over North Korea | China UncensoredHong Kong Under Communist Rule in Ten Years? | China Uncensored Latest in Programs China Uncensored Is China Pushing for War with Taiwan? | China Uncensored China Uncensored Should China Be Labeled a Currency Manipulator? | China Uncensored China Uncensored Trump Slaps China Over North Korea | China Uncensored China Uncensored Hong Kong Under Communist Rule in Ten Years? | China Uncensored China Uncensored Top 10 Knockoff LEGOs from China | China Uncensored China Uncensored The Biggest China Stories of 2016 | China Uncensored China Uncensored The Fight for Democracy in the OTHER China: Macau | China Uncensored China Uncensored Why Trump Should Meet This Beauty Queen | China Uncensored China Uncensored Is Trump Starting a War with China? | China Uncensored × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Tech January 9, 2017 2:18 pm Updated: January 9, 2017 7:14 pm iPhone at 10: What Apple’s flagship device needs to stay competitive By Nicole Bogart National Online Journalist, Breaking News  Global News WATCH ABOVE: Since the iPhone’s first release in 2007, there have been 15 variations, and to date more than 2.2 million apps. Alan Carter reports on the extraordinary history of the smartphone. What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen When the late Steve Jobs unveiled the iPhone in 2007 he led by saying, “Every once in a while, a revolutionary product comes along that changes everything.” And so it did. Story continues below For Apple, the iPhone’s inception marked a turning point for both its business and the mobile phone industry as we know it. Describing the device as an iPod combined with a phone and an “internet communicator,” Jobs stood on stage explaining how users would be able to access their music, make phone calls, send text messages and surf the web all on one pocket-sized device. READ MORE: Apple turns 40 – Moments that defined Silicon Valley’s golden apple It was, by no means, the first smartphone on the market. Brands including BlackBerry, Nokia and Motorola were already competing to provide the most high-tech internet-connected phone. In fact, competitors dismissed the iPhone as nothing more than a niche product at first. Mike Lazaridis, BlackBerry’s CEO at the time, said Apple’s “design-centric approach” would limit its appeal, especially to business customers. A year later, Apple announced the addition of the App store, a feature other smartphone makers were lacking, increasing its competitiveness. The second iteration of the phone gained 3G connectivity; the third, iPhone 3GS, earned a camera capable of recording video. By the time the redesigned glass and steel bodied iPhone 4 was released, people were willing to line up outside Apple retail stores overnight to get their hands on one. Over the last 10 years, the iPhone has become Apple’s flagship device, representing its most purchased product and making up a large portion of its revenue. READ MORE: Is Apple guilty of using ‘planned obsolescence’ to force iPhone users into upgrading? To date, Apple has sold over $650 billion worth of iPhones and has sold over one billion units. According to CNBC, over half of those iPhones were sold in the past three years. However, in 2016 Apple recorded its first-ever decline in iPhone sales and its first revenue drop in over 15 years. Analysts were quick to point out a highly competitive smartphone market, driven by increasing sales of Android devices, and Apple’s high price point might be to blame for the iPhone’s lacklustre results. But many have also pointed the finger at Apple CEO Tim Cook’s teams for failing to come up with more innovative and ahead-of-the-curve features for the device. “It doesn’t look like there is anything that would drive significant growth for Apple from here as they’ve been behaving,” Forrester analyst Frank Gillett told Reuters in April. “If they came out with a breakthrough product or price, then you might see a change, particularly if it’s different than the other smartphone makers in this market.” READ MORE: What an iPhone with no headphone jack means for consumers In September, Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, both of which feature waterproof bodies and ditch the traditional headphone jack in favour of Bluetooth connectivity. While the physical changes to the phone may have seemed big to some fans, many pointed out Android products already had the same capabilities. In other words, some are worried Apple is falling behind. “The technology edge Apple had in 2007 has vanished and that’s why sales aren’t continuing to grow,” said Srinivasan Keshav, professor of computer science at the University of Waterloo. “The smartphone market has become quite mature. Companies that weren’t even present 10 years ago are now significant players.” So, what does Apple need  to do over the next 10 years to stay competitive in the smartphone market? While smartphone technology will change drastically over the next decade, Neil Bearse, marketing expert at Queen’s School of Business, said Apple should focus on developing its artificial intelligence (AI) capabilities over the next few years. Artificial intelligence and virtual assistant devices, like Amazon Alexa, were the biggest trend at this month’s Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas. Facebook, Google, Amazon and Apple are all said to be developing more internet-connected smart devices, aimed at tackling everyday tasks for consumers. READ MORE: Google plans to compete with Amazon Echo with new ‘Home’ device “The iPhone [is] great at being a remote control for life,” said Bearse. “Now it’s about how you take that remote control and use it as something to automate your world, rather than control it yourself.” However, Bearse pointed out that Apple could sell itself short in this department thanks to its investment in user privacy. Apple’s dedication to data privacy became national news in early 2016 during Apple’s very public fight against the FBI, which filed a court order asking the company to hack an iPhone  that belonged to one of the San Bernardino, Calif., shooters. Apple opposed the court order in a public letter citing concerns for user privacy. READ MORE: What Apple’s opposition to phone hacking says about its dedication to privacy Apple has also strayed from running extensive advertising programs on its software like Google, which makes the Android operating system, so it doesn’t collect as much user data by default. As Bearse pointed out, this means Apple’s AI technology may be limited compared to Google or Amazon. “How quickly a machine can learn is based on the information that it has access to,” he said. “The iPhone currently uses information that it can find on the phone, keeping everything private locally on their device.” WATCH: This is the tenth anniversary of a very important day in tech history. It was on this day in 2007 that Steve Jobs and Apple unveiled a new mobile phone. As Mike Armstrong reports, the iPhone changed the industry.  Though some might suggest Apple break up its hardware and software development to foster more innovation, Bearse said he highly doubts a company that prides itself on the total package would attempt such a move. “Their entire company and this rise to dominance has been this almost religion of software and hardware and user experience – right down to the packing – has been such a stitched together part of their brand,” he said. © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error Android vs Apple Apple iPhone iPhone 10 year anniversary iPhone 7 iPhone 8 iPhone Innovations iPhone New Features iPhone Rumours New iPhone features smartphones Editor's Picks Canada Fake news: A real-life Cruella de Vil didn't skin dozens of Texas cats Canada Why Justin Trudeau’s trip to the Aga Khan’s island matters Consumer No, you do not have to pay a 'settlement fee' if you get an illegal download notice Health Trump's support for anti-vaxxers could lead to deadly outbreaks, disease expert warns Canada Why is Canada's top diplomat, Chrystia Freeland, banned from Russia? Lifestyle How much does it cost to raise a kid in Canada? Politics Russian intel report: Where the information came from, what it says and lingering questions FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now No injuries after fire breaks out in Mexican resort popular among Canadians 306855 Twitter has discussed the idea of banning Donald Trump: report 70468 Why you should search for meaning instead of happiness this year 43737 Alec Baldwin returns as SNL 'rebroadcasts' Donald Trump's press conference 25257 NASA plans mission to a metal-rich asteroid worth quadrillions 23757 Sponsored content Popular Videos Tina Fey appears in Felicity Jones’ ‘SNL’ monologue as Princess Leia WATCH NOW Obama makes final weekly address as sitting president WATCH NOW Sobbing woman confronts Justin Trudeau over the cost of her hydro bill WATCH NOW President Barack Obama surprises Vice President Joe Biden with Presidential Medal of Freedom WATCH NOW Severe paralysis partially reversed in scientific breakthrough WATCH NOW Popular Now No injuries after fire breaks out in Mexican resort popular among Canadians 306855 Twitter has discussed the idea of banning Donald Trump: report 70468 Why you should search for meaning instead of happiness this year 43737 Alec Baldwin returns as SNL 'rebroadcasts' Donald Trump's press conference 25257 NASA plans mission to a metal-rich asteroid worth quadrillions 23757 Sponsored content Popular Videos Tina Fey appears in Felicity Jones’ ‘SNL’ monologue as Princess Leia WATCH NOW Obama makes final weekly address as sitting president WATCH NOW Sobbing woman confronts Justin Trudeau over the cost of her hydro bill WATCH NOW President Barack Obama surprises Vice President Joe Biden with Presidential Medal of Freedom WATCH NOW Severe paralysis partially reversed in scientific breakthrough WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Wallpapers of the week: geometry pack The top stories of the week on iDB Daily Deals: Beats Solo3 headphones $220, Sony PS4 $220, and more Let’s Talk iOS 169: 10-year iPhone anniversary special   skip to main content skip to main menu     New betas of iOS 10.2.1, macOS Sierra 10.12.3, watchOS 3.1.3 and tvOS 10.1.1 now available By Christian Zibreg, Jan 9, 2017 Tweet 12 Comments Apple today released new OS betas to its registered developers. iOS 10.2.1 beta 3 (build 14D23), macOS Sierra 10.12.3 beta 3 (build 16D25a), watchOS 3.1.3 beta 2 (build 14S959) and tvOS 10.1.1 beta 2 (build 14U711) are now available for testing to the members of Apple Developer Program. The latest builds can be installed over-the-air via the Software Update mechanism on devices that have an appropriate configuration profile installed on them. The new builds have arrived nearly three weeks after a second beta of iOS 10.2.1 and macOS Sierra 10.12.3 released to registered developers. The initial betas were released on December 14, followed by beta 2 a week later. OS betas can also be installed via Apple’s Developer Center. We’ll update the post with any changes in the latest betas and highlight new outward-facing user features if and when they are discovered. Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Apple releases beta 4 of iOS 10.2, watchOS 3.1.1 & macOS Sierra 10.12.2 to developers Nike+ Run Club gains new features ahead of tomorrow’s launch of Apple Watch Nike+ Apple seeds fourth beta of iOS 10, watchOS 3, tvOS 10 and macOS Sierra to developers Apple seeds first beta of iOS 10.2.1, macOS Sierra 10.12.3 and tvOS 10.1.1 to developers Related Topics Apple Watch, Apple Watch Series 1, Apple Watch Series 2, iOS, iOS 10, iOS 10.2, iOS 10.2.1, iOS 10.2.1 beta 3, iPad, iPhone, iPod Touch, tvOS, tvOS 10, tvOS 10.1, tvOS 10.1.1, tvOS 10.1.1 beta 3, watchOS, watchOS 3, watchOS 3.1, watchOS 3.1.3, watchOS 3.1.3 beta 3 Mr_Coldharbour Still no public beta 2? ravinigga 1.99 GB? ChloeWade It’s probably bc he didn’t already have 10.2.1 installed it’s like 60 MB for me ChloeWade Vote trump 2020 burge Take your political views elsewhere as this is not a political blog about the US. It’s a worldwide blog site that’s Apple inspired. that means it’s not just Americans on here. Rondog Christian, your info keeps us on our toes, I don’t really care about apple updates as I’m not moving from ios 10.1.1, no freaking way, I’m waiting for a possible jailbreak, so until we actually have one I won’t butch an inch, great info though. jgr627 What are you 13? jgr627 Waiting for a jailbrake Rondog P.S. Apple is just jerking us around. prodromos 10.12.3 Beta (16D25a) super FAST Lui How much emoji has the new release? 😀 MMA Rules Whatever happened to 10.3 and dark mode to be released on January???   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Wallpapers of the week: geometry pack Jailbreak tweaks of the week: OnceMore, Photicon, & more… The top stories of the week on iDB Photicon replaces your Photos app icon with a preview of your most recent picture AdaptiveColorAlerts colorizes all your alert messages to match anything behind them   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: OnceMore, Photicon, & more… Photicon replaces your Photos app icon with a preview of your most recent picture AdaptiveColorAlerts colorizes all your alert messages to match anything behind them Why to avoid third-party Cydia Substrate “patches” for the iOS 10 beta jailbreak OnceMore lets you repeat iPhone timers right from the Lock screen iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Follow Geek Tech Movies Games Television Comics Culture Deals Someone Is Trying to Sell That Stolen Three-Screen Razer Laptop Microsoft Puts Improved Windows 10 Privacy Settings Front And Center Monkeys Mourn the Death of Their Robo-baby 5 upcoming Android phones that are worth waiting for More Check Out Viz's Latest Sailor Moon R Movie Trailer Yes, La La Land Really Is That Good MovieBob Reviews: LIVE BY NIGHT Warner Bros.' 'Green Lantern Corps' To Feature John Stewart, Hal Jordan More Hands-On With the Nintendo Switch The Switch’s Paltry Launch Lineup Doesn’t Justify a Day-One ... King Is Bringing Us More Bubble Witch with a Third Game Out Now Goodbye, Nintendo’s Dual Screens More Two Regulars Will Return to American Horror Story's Mysterious Seventh Seas IDW Will Bring the Story of 'The Devil' to the Small Screen The Coen Brothers Are Finally Ready to Tackle TV Taboo Is Building Towards Something, but It’s Hard to Say What More Thanks be to Grodd: The Flash’s Best Villain Buy This Comic! Rocket Raccoon #2 We Swear Curse Words is Other Worldy Commissioner Gordon, a Cornerstone of Batman’s Life More Japanese Teacher Threatens to Write Students' Names in His 'Death Note' I Shot Machine Guns, Just Like in the Video Games! Here’s Why It Hurts So Much to Step on a Lego Bumblebees Are Now Considered an Endangered Species in the US More Tech Theater Mode Could be Apple’s Most Courageous iPhone Feature Yet By Jordan Minor 01.09.2017 :: 10:00AM EST @JordanWMinor Stay on target Apple, Carl Zeiss Partnering For Smart Glasses Google Translate is Amazing Now, and That Should Terrify You I said it when I wrote about the awful decision to remove the headphone jack, and I’ll say it again now: I like my iPhone a lot. However, it’s becoming increasingly apparent that since there are no more obvious improvements left to be made to the device beyond better specs, Apple is making its phones worse in the attempt to make them different. The latest terrible-sounding iPhone feature? A mode designed specifically for use in movie theaters. Some recently discovered 2014 Apple patents have been causing quite a controversy among film fans. The documents propose the idea of having users press a popcorn-shaped button to put their iPhone in “Theater Mode.” This would dim the screen, turn off sounds, disable certain wireless communication, and even let theater owners know who is being a respectful audience member in exchange for some reward. This sounds like a good compromise between people rudely using their phones in theaters and those who want a completely phone-free movie-watching experience. But for true movie fans, myself included, this isn’t a conflict to compromise on. Even a phone with a dim screen is still a distraction in a dark movie theater. It’s worse than 3D! Plus, the point of a movie is to watch the movie and fully immerse yourself in the art, not split your attention between watching and texting. You know who else is disappointed in Apple for potentially encouraging using phones in theaters? Tim League, the owner of the Alamo Drafthouse premium theater chain, who tweeted some not-so-nice things about Apple in response to this hypothetical feature. That’s not surprising. As I learned when I visited the Drafthouse’s recent New York expansion, the theater takes its no-talking policy very seriously. The PSAs they make with celebrities may be funny, but the message is no joke. Talk or use your phone, and you’ll get kicked. The only “Theater Mode” is turning your phone off. This is only the latest battle in the war between phones and movie theaters. Last year AMC floated the idea of ruining certain screenings by making them phone-friendly for millennials or whatever. Fortunately, the company walked back the pitch after everyone told them how stupid it was. Hopefully, the same thing happens to this iPhone Theater Mode. But whatever Apple does, please don’t use your phone in a movie theater. Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Pinterest Reddit Apple iphone movies patents Speak Your Mind More in Tech 01.13.2017 :: 12:45PM EST :: Lee Mathews Tech Someone Is Trying to Sell That Stolen Three-Screen Razer Laptop Tech 01.12.2017 :: 1:30PM EST :: Lee Mathews Tech Microsoft Puts Improved Windows 10 Privacy Settings Front And Center Tech 01.12.2017 :: 12:45PM EST :: Daniel Starkey Tech Monkeys Mourn the Death of Their Robo-baby Tech 01.12.2017 :: 10:45AM EST :: Jordan Minor Tech 5 upcoming Android phones that are worth waiting for Tech 01.11.2017 :: 9:00AM EST :: Daniel Starkey Tech Apple, Carl Zeiss Partnering For Smart Glasses Tech More subscribe to our newsletter: Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Hands-On With the Nintendo Switch Games 01.14.2017 :: 9:16AM EST Check Out Viz's Latest Sailor Moon R Movie Trailer Movies 01.13.2017 :: 6:00PM EST The Switch's Paltry Launch Lineup Doesn't Justify a Day-One Purchase Games 01.13.2017 :: 5:15PM EST Japanese Teacher Threatens to Write Students' Names in His 'Death Note' Culture More © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Contact Archives Glossary Advertise PCMag.com Extreme Tech Computer Shopper IGN Toolbox Accessibility Statement unused
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Entertainment Like Follow Follow James Corden won't be host of 'Carpool Karaoke' spin-off, but tons of other celebrities will be 403 Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Ben Winston, James Corden and Eric Pankowski attend "Carpool Karaoke (series for Apple Music)" panel at Television Critics Association Image: Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP By Saba Hamedy2017-01-09 19:14:34 UTC James Corden won't be the only host at the wheel of CBS and Apple's Carpool Karaoke spin-off. The series, which will be Apple Music's first official show, will feature 16 different hosts (one per episode) paired with musical guests.  The guests announced at CBS' Television Critics Association presentation Monday include John Legend and Alicia Keys; Billy Eichner and Metallica; Ariana Grande and Seth MacFarlane; Blake Shelton and Chelsea Handler and Will Smith and Corden. Overall, the show is "fundamentally different" than Corden's late night segments, executive producer Ben Winston said. The biggest distinction is that the spinoff will function as more of an "interview series," and each episode will be 30 minutes in length. SEE ALSO: James Corden remembers George Michael's Carpool Karaoke in moving speech Celebrities will also be interacting with each other more, outside just the car setting. For example, in the sizzle reel shown at TCA, Shelton accompanies Handler to a cryotherapy session. "[The format] sets it apart from what James and Ben do on The Late Late Show," executive producer Eric R. Pankowski said. "It’s been a really fun experience. As we’ve gotten more and more momentum with various bookings, it's been fun to pair different people together and take advantage of all different relationships that are out there." In the last year, Corden's segment has given him an upper hand in the digital space, with each video racking up millions of views. Recent guests have included First Lady Michelle Obama, Lady Gaga, Britney Spears and a handful of other stars. The segment featuring Adele was the No. 1 most viewed YouTube video in 2016.  Still, they don't do it every episode. Corden said in the roughly 300 episodes of the late night show, about 23 have featured carpool karaoke segments.  The spinoff will allow for expansion of the property. "The truth is we can only do it so many times on our show," Corden said. "You physically can’t shoot them enough to do them all the time." As far as copycat shows, the EPs didn't feel the need to comment.  "I haven't seen it, so I don't know," Corden said when asked about whether Spike's new show Caraoke Showdown is similar to Carpool Karaoke.  The Corden spin-off show underscores Apple's efforts to position itself against rival streaming services. Already, the tech giant has been behind releases such as Taylor Swift’s 1989 World Tour, a docu-series with Vice and exclusive video interviews with superstars such as Adele. In March of last year, the company announced it is teaming up with executive producer Ben Silverman (known for The Office), musician Will.i.am and Howard Owens’ Propagate for a show about the Apple app economy and culture.  "For us, it’s been incredibly exciting to be on this platform and work with a company like Apple," Pankowski said. "They get music, the celebration of it and the creative process." Topics: alicia keys, Apple Music, Ariana Grande, billy eichner, Blake Shelton, Carpool Karaoke, CBS, chelsea handler, Entertainment, james corden, john-legend, metallica, seth macfarlane, Television Critics Association, Television, Will Smith About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
The all new CBS News App for Android® for iPad® for iPhone® Fully redesigned. Featuring CBSN, 24/7 live news. Get the App ╳ CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com Sign in with         CBSNews.com - Breaking News Video US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Photos More Blogs Battleground The WH Web Shows 60 Overtime Face to Face Resources Mobile Radio Local In Depth CBS News Store By Scott Stein and Shara Tibken CNET January 9, 2017, 2:03 PM Apple's iPhone turns 10: Where does it go from here? In this June 7, 2010 file photo, Apple CEO Steve Jobs holds the new iPhone 4 during the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco. AP Photo/Paul Sakuma, File Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Happy birthday, iPhone. You’re 10 years old! What do you want to be when you grow up? When Steve Jobs unveiled the first iPhone 10 years ago today, he touted Apple’s ability to combine three products -- “a revolutionary mobile phone, a widescreen iPod with touch controls, and a breakthrough internet communications device with desktop-class email, web browsing, searching and maps -- into one small and lightweight handheld device.” Those characteristics are still in today’s iPhones, but they’re so much more. Think over 2 million apps more, changing everything from the way we commute to the way we communicate with family and friends. At the same time, it has spawned hundreds of copycats and created new industries that couldn’t exist without phones. The iPhone is the most successful consumer device ever created. The original iPhone (left) compared to the current iPhone, the 7 Plus. Sarah Tew/CNET So where does it go from here? For Apple, the next 10 years will be about refining and simplifying its hugely popular phone. Whether the iPhone remains a rectangular slab of glass for the next decade is anyone’s guess (or, rather, up to chief designer Jony Ive). Importantly, what will become an even bigger focus will be everything else that surrounds the iPhone, like virtual reality and smart home. “iPhone is an essential part of our customers’ lives, and today more than ever it is redefining the way we communicate, entertain, work and live,” Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a statement posted in Apple’s online newsroom. “iPhone set the standard for mobile computing in its first decade and we are just getting started. The best is yet to come.” Here are some of CNET’s predictions: Simplicity iPhones used to celebrate just doing a few things well. Now, iOS and the iPhone are endlessly complex. Settings and hidden Easter eggs lurk everywhere. Managing cloud storage and photos, or navigating notifications and privacy will send you down rabbit holes. Apple could aim for simplicity once again, paring down the experience to something more essential. It might find a way of pushing only a few things to your attention while keeping the rest in the background. It needs to reinvent its design, even the software, to be less cluttered. And then there are all the phones. There used to be one iPhone... now there are models in different sizes, colors and processors. One rumor has Apple offering multiple display types next year. The reality of the phone market is Apple will have to continue to meet different budgets and lifestyles. There’s no going back to that single original iPhone. Connecting to everything The iPhone’s already a hub for our fitness trackers, the Apple Watch and a growing world of smart home appliances and connected gadgets. The latest version of iOS included smart home shortcuts built into the Control Panel, like a home-based remote control. Imagine more of that spreading across more devices and services. It’ll be able to talk to other gadgets more easily. Bluetooth 5 promises greater range and higher speeds to connect to other peripherals. In a home, that could make a huge difference. A wild card could be Wi-Gig, an extremely high-bandwidth, short-range variation of Wi-Fi that could be a path to how future iPhones could mirror instantly to larger screens or accessories. Play Video CBSN The iPhone 8 could have wireless charging The next generation of iPhones may be designed with wireless charging, so that you never have to plug your phone into an outlet again. CNET edito... Deeper AI Amazon Echo opened the door. Talking to your gadget is now awesome, not annoying. Siri, however -- which lives on nearly all Apple devices -- is still problematic. It’s not as responsive as Amazon’s Alexa or as intuitive as Google Assistant. It should do more and understand context better. A more ambient, helpful iPhone is a necessary next step. Consider Assistant and how it lives on Google’s Pixel phone, ready to help. iOS 9 takes a few steps there, but expect Apple to continue knitting together apps and services with AI and machine learning. The interesting twist is the company’s emphasis on doing its computations on-device, instead of in the cloud. That’s a completely different approach than Google and Amazon, one rooted in privacy. Apple’s latest Photos app smartly organizes photo libraries by faces and places and automatically knits together memory-reel trailers around themes. Better Siri and smarter AI aren’t just what the iPhone needs; it’s what Apple needs across the board. Totally port-free We’re all sad about losing the headphone jack. What about losing the rest? MacBooks and iPhones have shaved down their inputs to just a few options in 2016. Next, perhaps, comes Lightning. Charging, for iPhones, still happens via the Lightning cable. Contactless charging -- the type that has been available for Android phones for years, and is used by the Apple Watch, hasn’t arrived yet. But when it does, perhaps in the iPhone 8, that Lightning cable will be a lot less necessary. We already can transfer files locally via AirDrop or stream via AirPlay. It would be shocking if Apple followed up a headphone jack-free iPhone 7 with a completely closed-off iPhone 8, but someday there will be an iPhone that flirts with going full wireless. All-screen The iPhone still has bezels, areas of the front of the phone where the screen doesn’t extend. For instance, consider the area around the Home Button. Samsung’s recent phones have gone nearly edge-to-edge, and even wrapped the display around the sides. A bezel-free all-screen iPhone would fill up more screen space in a smaller size for an easier grip. Reports of Touch ID being integrated into the display would mean you’ll just touch a part of the screen to log in or pay. Play Video CBS Evening News Apple on the rise after releasing newest iPhone The iPhone 7 went on sale Friday after selling out all of their inventory in presale orders. Apple expects to sell 226 million phones in the next... The cloud, the cloud Apple’s relationship with cloud services feels overcomplicated. Google and Amazon offer lots of free storage and syncing options. With iCloud, paying for the right storage tier can get pricey. Relying on the cloud has become an answer for accessing files (there’s an iCloud Drive folder, now) and photos. But how do photos and videos get managed properly? Despite a growing number of alternative cloud-storage options, it’s hard to keep things organized properly. Cloud services are what’s bringing Mac OS and iOS closer together, sharing iMessage, file storage, photos, Notes and Pages files. Cloud services like those from Google co-exist, sometimes beautifully, sometimes awkwardly. Phones are, more than ever, just small terminals to a huge connected system. The iPhone’s going to be increasingly dependent on the cloud. AR and VR Samsung has already turned its flagship phones into mobile virtual reality accessories via Gear VR. Google has the Daydream headset and its Cardboard initiative. Apple, however, has stayed quiet on VR. Instead of thinking about a pair of phone-goggle accessories, consider the possibilities of a more advanced camera. Google Tango -- an augmented reality initiative under the same umbrella as Daydream’s VR -- uses depth-sensing 3D cameras to scan a room and help project imaginary things into it... or, track movement so that a VR headset could feel like it’s really mapping motion. Cook has stated his interest in augmented reality, which probably indicates that more advanced camera features could be where things go next. Much like the iPhone 7 Plus can sense depth with its dual cameras, imagine more advanced cameras that can enable augmented reality like Google Tango. Then imagine that these cameras could do power tracking for a VR headset, like the Occipital Bridge. Maybe that’s way too much in the weeds for Apple, a company that seems to prefer sleek minimalism. But it’s a short jump for the iPhone to adopt AR or VR. The original iPhone came with 4GB of storage. James Martin/CNET Moving past the phone itself The biggest change in the iPhone of 2027 is that it may not be a phone at at, at least not in the sense of the device we know today. What could be more vital about mobile computing over the next decade is what’s around the phone. Apple already envisions the iPhone as the remote control for our lives; over the next 10 years, that remote will extend to things like VR and smart homes and cities. And much like the iPod got obliterated, the iPhone may go the same way. Phones may work like Chromecasts, where devices pick up and stream based on what another tells it. Or the Apple Watch can serve as the key to tying connected devices together. Apple is already exploring cross-device communication; if your phone rings, so does your Mac or iPad. “There’s at least one vision of the future where the phone as a discrete device goes away and turns into other interfaces like wearables,” Jackdaw Research analyst Jan Dawson said. Input, output and the brains of a product will be “less tied to a specific device over the years.” This article originally appeared on CNET.com.  © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc.. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in SciTech 25 years of breathtaking Hubble Telescope images Since it was launched in 1990, the Hubble Space Telescope has sent us breathtaking images back from the deepest corners of space 11 species threatened by climate change As the world warms, many plants and animals are struggling to adapt Popular From 60 Minutes Obama and the 2008 general election A president and a journalist: 17 interviews When 60 Minutes first met Barack Obama Obama and the Democratic 2008 primaries An Obama family flashback on 60 Minutes Play Video Inauguration preparation Play Video Trump's final weekend Play Video Kerry exit interview Play Video Gupta exit interview Play Video Emotional reunion Previous Next 31 Photos Smithsonian's "First Ladies" collection 26 Photos Michelle Obama's best outfits 45 Photos Dance photographer Martha Swope 1928-2017 6 Photos Notable deaths in 2017 37 Photos North American International Auto Show 2017 Previous Next Most Discussed Trump blasts civil rights icon John Lewis on Twitter Trump fires back at Meryl Streep over her comments at Golden Globes Trump's press conference - live updates Jeff Sessions under spotlight at AG confirmation hearing -- live blog Jared Kushner will be named White House senior adviser New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
Videos Photos Lists Live Artists Podcasts Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Chart Beat Trump Inauguration Billboard Subscribe Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Grammys 2017 News Music Festivals Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Style Country Dance Latin Rock K-Pop Business Pret-a-Reporter Hot 100 Billboard 200 Charts Year-End 2016 Greatest of All Time Artist 100 Spotify + Web Trending 140 Emerging Artists R&B/Hip-Hop Pop Dance/Electronic Country Rock Latin Breaking and Entering Christian/Gospel Holiday Sports International Additional Genres Videos Search Tastemaking DJ Zane Lowe Looks Back on Beats 1's First 18 Months, Shares What He Wants to Accomplish 1/9/2017 by Jem Aswad FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Christopher Patey Zane Lowe photographed Nov. 8, 2016, in the Beats 1 studio in Culver City. The Beats 1 boss on running a worldwide radio station, his South by Southwest keynote and learning to stay out of artists' way. It's a warm november ­morning at the Apple Music campus in Culver City, and Zane Lowe's show at Beats 1 Radio is in full swing. Lowe and his team -- all clad in black, all ­standing with their torsos bobbing to the beat in unison like synchronized ­dunking birds -- joke with one another as they huddle over Apple computers in the high-ceilinged, almost clinically clean studio. Screens overhead display two Twitter feeds, a thumbnail image of the song playing and, in foot-high numbers, the time. A young band, British quartet Spring King -- ­coincidentally, the first act ever to be played on Beats 1 -- is ­ushered in for an interview, which is a bit stiff until Lowe's affability and musical knowledge take hold and they're chatting away about the ­previous day's binge at Amoeba Records. For 43-year-old Lowe -- a New Zealand native, married father of two and ­former tastemaker-in-chief for the BBC's Radio 1 -- this is an average day at the office. He is charged with programming the self-proclaimed global radio station, running its staff (which numbers "in the tens") and ­figuring out how and where its free service fits in the 20 million-subscriber-strong Apple Music universe, not to mention ­hosting his two-hour show each weekday (and delivering a keynote address at South by Southwest in March). Since its launch on June 30, 2015, the station has had plenty of success: buzzed-about interviews with Drake and The Weeknd and specialty shows by ­celebrity DJs ranging from Elton John and Pharrell Williams to Slipknot's Corey Taylor (along with Lowe's ­fellow anchors Julie Adenuga in London and Ebro Darden in New York). But the ­streaming world is viciously competitive, and despite Apple's billions, Lowe is the first to admit that ­creating a radio station for a global ­audience is a daunting task. Beats 1 is 18 months old. How are things going? The short answer is, it's going great: We survived the first year, and now we want to thrive and build. One thing that hasn't really gone away is the hectic pace, but that's just a reflection of the environment -- stuff is coming at you all the time. It's quite ADD, Beats 1. What have you tried to do that you haven't really cracked yet? Heaps. I don't think Beats 1 has been able to explain that we are free [of charge], and that's tricky because we want people to subscribe to Apple Music. And when we started, in many ways we were still trying to function as a traditional radio station, but now we try to integrate with Apple Music -- like, you hear The Weeknd talking about his new album, so you go to Apple Music and listen to it and then get into his other albums. It's a far more ­comprehensive experience than just saying, "The new album is out." I think the first year showed we're good at that, and at investing in new ­talent, like Christine and the Queens and Anderson Paak and, more recently, ­artists like Skott and Jorja Smith. For all the crusading for new artists, there's tons of Drake and Rihanna on the playlist every day. Why? It's what's moving, and we want to reflect the times in a really sharp way. We all know that Drake has won 2016, not just in the records he has put out but the way he has put them out, using [his Beats 1 radio show] OVO Sound to premiere songs, dropping the mixtape with Future. Chance the Rapper is a completely independent artist headlining stadiums; Kanye West put out an album that kept changing. These are exciting times. With all of your roles at Apple Music, how do you focus on your show? That has taken some practice, and ­sometimes it's still not entirely ­possible. I've politely requested that unless ­something really needs my attention, the two hours I'm on the air need to be focused on the show -- because how can I ask everyone else to do that when I'm ­preoccupied? The reason I'm here is because I love making radio shows and screaming about records, not because I've got a track record of running a business. For new artists like Christine & The Queens, what makes them not ­necessarily worthy, but ­exciting enough to champion in such a big way? OK, since you used the word "worthy," I'm going to match you with a word that's almost as offensive in its way: ­"authenticity." There is something coming from that artist that feels like it could only come from them, right? It's an originality, but not in the sense that they're making a sound that has never been heard before; it's more in terms of that message, that song, that feeling, that performance. Does it fill a gap in my life that I didn't know existed? I didn't know I wanted to hear a French singer tell an honest story about her experiences in London being raised by drag queens, and now I want more of that. Do you know what your South by Southwest keynote is going to be about? No. I'm absolutely terrified. Obviously I do lots of talking on the air, but I never really saw myself as someone who goes up and talks in front of a group of people. But I have experienced a lot of changes over the years, so I think it's going to look at what it means to be a music fan today. With access to artists and music being so instant and easy, it's so different from when I was a little kid in New Zealand going to the record store, and the artists felt a million miles away. If it's morning in Los Angeles, as a global radio station, who do you visualize as your audience? It's really hard to get your head around it, to be honest. I imagine people in the car, kids in class with one earbud in, people in New Zealand and Australia who can't get to sleep. But rather than making sure that every pin in the map is taken care of, I'm trusting that we know who they are: music fans, like us. Do you ever have to tell guest DJs things like, "Elton, you need to ­enunciate more clearly"? (Laughs.) Sometimes artists want ­feedback, but it's rare, because they have their own vision. When we first started, Run the Jewels did one and I tried to make changes to it. They came back and said, "We really appreciate your opinion, but can we change this one thing back?" "Yeah, OK." "And then there's this other thing..." "Sure" -- and over the course of seven or eight minutes they pretty much took it all the way back to the way it was, in the nicest and most diplomatic way possible. Then the show came out and it was ­trending ­worldwide and I had to call [Run the Jewels'] El-P and eat a freshly made shit sandwich and say, "Look, you taught me a really valuable f--ing lesson: Stay out of the artist's way!" This article originally appeared in the Jan. 14 issue of Billboard. FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Comments Magazine Customer Service Subscribe Buy this issue Billboard biz The online extension of Billboard Magazine, billboard.biz is the essential online destination for the music business. Learn More Sharing Billboard Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Instagram Tumblr Pinterest Spotify Newsletter Explore Billboard Shop News Archive Photos Archive Videos Archive Magazine Archive Charts Archive Information Jobs Chart Licensing Billboard Events Contact Us Sitemap FAQ Feedback Lyrics Billboard Backstage Sonicbids © 2017 Billboard. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads Advertising Billboard.com is a member of Billboard Music, a division of Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2016] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] How to Fix Bad MacBook Pro Battery Life Josh Smith12/07/2016 Bad MacBook Pro battery life is a problem with the 2016 MacBook Pro 13-inch and 15-inch models and with older MacBook Pro models as well. This is how to diagnose MacBook Pro battery problems and how to fix them on your own when possible. Advertisement Apple promises long battery life of 10 hours on the new MacBook Pro and similar battery life times on the older models. There are currently some issues with estimating the battery life remaining for the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar that will likely be fixed in a new macOS Sierra 10.12.2. This fix will only help you see a better representation of battery life, but we are holding out hope that it will also specifically fix bad MacBook Pro battery life on the 2016 MacBook Pro models. How to fix bad MacBook Pro battery life. This will show you how to check your MacBook Pro battery life capacity and health to see if you have a battery problem or if you need to change your habits to get better battery life. How to Check Your MacBook Pro Battery Life When you hover your pointer over the battery on the MacBook Pro status bar you will see some information about your MacBook Pro battery, including the estimated time remaining. This isn’t all you need to look at when checking your MacBook Pro battery life. Hold the Alt/Option key and then click on the battery icon in the upper right corner will show more information. You can see the battery condition. If it is normal than there isn’t a problem with your battery itself, but if you see Replace Soon, Replace Now or Service Battery then you need to see Apple or a third party repair service for most models. Advertisement See detailed MacBook Pro battery stats. If you see an issue with that report, you may want to use CoconutBattery to look at more detailed information about how much of your actual battery is available to use at each charge. Over time the capacity will drop, meaning a 100% charge will last longer. Reset PRAM and NVRAM Although not a guaranteed fix you can try resetting the PRAM and NVRAM settings on your MacBook Pro to essentially tell the system to start over with many options and settings, any one of which could be the cause of bad MacBook Pro battery life. This will not delete your data, but you may need to set up speaker volume, screen resolution and some other settings. Shut down your Mac Turn on your MacBook Pro Press and hold the Command, Option, P, R keys at the same time right after the startup sound. Hold until the computer reboots and you hear the startup sound again. On the 2016 MacBook Pro you need to hold the keys right after you turn your 2016 MacBook Pro on and keep holding them for at least 20 seconds. After performing this step our 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar lists the estimated battery life at over 10 hours, which is the highest we’ve seen. We will continue to test to see if it actually fixes the bad MacBook Pro battery life or only the estimate. Advertisement Lower MacBook Pro Screen Brightness Lower the screen brightness for better MacBook Pro battery life. The best thing to do when you need to get better MacBook Pro battery life is to lower the screen brightness. Simply turning the screen dimmer will make it easier to get good MacBook Pro battery life after you’ve taken the steps above. You can use the Touch Bar to lower the screen brightness or the on keyboard buttons to change the screen brightness. Experiment to find the best mix of usability and power efficiency for your eyes and your work environment. Check for Apps Using More Power You can now see what apps are using the most power by clicking on the battery icon in the upper right corner of your MacBook Pro. This will show you apps that use more power so that you can turn them off if you need more battery life or look for an updated, more battery friendly version. Find apps using too much power to see if you can get better MacBook Pro battery life by changing apps. Some apps that need more performance and require the dedicated graphics card on the 15-inch MacBook Pro will simply use your battery life faster and there is nothing you can do except close them when you are done. For others like Chrome, it’s a smart idea to switch to Safari while you are on battery power. Disable Un-Needed Items When you need better MacBook Pro battery life you should consider disabling services and unplugging accessories. WiFi and Bluetooth use power that you can save when you don’t need them. Obviously there are many times when you cannot do without an Internet connection, but if longer battery life is more important you can turn them off at the menu bar or in preferences. Unplug flash drives, SD cards and other connected accessories that may be drawing power from your MacBook Pro to extend battery life. Best 2016 MacBook Pro Cases and Covers Slickwraps 2016 MacBook Pro Skins   1 / 8 After using a Slickwraps skin on my 12-inch MacBook, I ordered one for my 2016 MacBook Pro 15-inch. There are over a dozen styles and many more color and character combinations. The Slickwraps skins are easy to apply and you can reposition them as needed. I've been using a carbon fiber MacBook skin and now I am trying the Alcantara series, which adds a splash of color and a grippy texture. You can buy this for the 13-inch and the 15-inch MacBook Pro. In addition to the base color options and a variety of textures and looks, you can also opt for Justin Maller designs that include heroes, villains, Star Wars characters, Helmets and others. These are available on a black background and on a natural looking wood background. Here's a list of the options.  Carbon Fiber MacBook Pro Skin Metal Series MacBook Pro Skin Wood Series MacBook Pro Skin Color MacBook Pro Skin Leather MacBook Pro Skin Glitz MacBook Pro Skin Stone Series MacBook Pro Skin Hemp MacBook Pro Skin Justin Maller MacBook Pro Skin Alcantara MacBook Pro Skin Natural Series MacBook Pro Skin Prices vary with the design and materials used, retailing for $50 to $60 each. This week you can save 50% without any code for Cyber Week, and during the year you can save 20% when you sign up for the email newsletter. These are easy to apply without leaving air bubbles behind, and you can remove them without leaving residue on your MacBook Pro. Some skins come with bottom and palm rest skins as well. Buy Now at SlickWraps   1 / 8 One Response 01/09/2017 sebastian Reply I just did the reset PRAM and NVRAM thing. This had the opposite effect and now halted by battery time from 6 hours to 3 hours… sooo.. what does that mean? :-S Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website 27 Best iPhone 7 Cases 01/12/2017 Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/11/2017
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « LG & Samsung Set to Announce Future Plants in the U.S. Due to President-Elect Trump's 'Made in America' Pledge | Main | President-Elect Trump and Alibaba Group Chief Jack Ma Discuss Creating One Million new Jobs in the U.S. » January 09, 2017 Nokia's Smartphone comeback was made at CES on the Eve of the iPhone's Tenth Anniversary   In late December Patently Apple posted a report titled "Beyond the Courts, Nokia's Revenge against Apple begins in 2017 with all-new Smartphones to Hit Apple on Price." The first Nokia smartphone was initially scheduled to launch at the Mobile World Congress show in Barcelona in late February. Instead, they decided to launch their new 'Nokia 6' right on the eve of the tenth anniversary of the iPhone. I'm sure that Nokia had a hand in the scheduling of that introduction to get under Apple's skin after hitting them with a mountain of patent infringement lawsuits last month.   It was humorous to see that the HMD press release even tried to mimic the Jony Ive styled focus on detailing the design of their new smartphone. "With the arrival of Nokia 6, consumers will see superior craftsmanship and design quality in action. It takes 55 minutes to machine a single Nokia 6 from a solid block of 6000 series aluminum. It then receives two separate anodizing processes, taking over ten hours to complete, with each phone being polished no less than five times. The end result is an aluminum unibody with the highest level of visual and structural quality.   Delivering quality to the core, the Nokia 6 display has a bright hybrid in-cell 5.5" screen with full HD resolution and incredible colour reproduction wrapped in 2.5D Gorilla Glass. The display stack is laminated together with a polarizer layer enabling excellent sunlight readability and slim form. The build is completed with the latest generation Qualcomm Snapdragon™ 430 processor with X6 LTE modem designed for excellent battery life and superior graphics performance.   The Nokia 6 has 4GB RAM and 64GB storage with which to run the latest version of Android Nougat and is packed with entertainment to bring to life the latest that Android has to offer. The dual amplifiers deliver a 6dB louder sound than a regular amp, giving higher voice, deeper bass and unmatched clarity. Dolby Atmos creates powerful, moving audio that seems to flow all around users. The Nokia 6 packs a 16MP phase detection auto focus rear camera for sharp detailed pictures, and an 8MP front camera. The f/2.0 aperture lenses and exclusive camera UI with automatic scene detection make it easy to take great shots every time."   You could read more of their press release here.     Is the new 'Nokia 6' smartphone an attack on Apple? Not at present. It's a phone that will be directly duking it out with Chinese OEM's like Vivo, Oppo, Huawei, Lenovo, Xiaomi and others.    Though let's not kid ourselves here. I'm sure that Nokia wants to eventually take on Apple's hardware and software at some point in time to make them eat their words; the same words that were recently used in one of Apple's latest court filings  as follows:  As Nokia's CEO had announced to employees the previous year, Nokia was standing on "a burning platform." Unable to compete with innovative companies such as Apple—which had developed a revolutionary hardware and software platform—Nokia quickly transformed itself. It changed from a company focused on supplying cell phones and other consumer products to a company bent on exploiting the patents that remain from its years as a successful cell phone supplier." Do you get the feeling that there's a personal war in the air between these two? Yes, of course.   While today's report is just a follow up to our December posting so as to stay on top of HMD's new Nokia smartphones, there's a little more to it. As the old saying goes – "keep your friends close and your enemies closer." So Patently Apple will be  keeping an eye on HMD and Nokia developments over time, reporting on court battles and new smartphones, as this kind of enemy is looking for revenge against Apple, make no mistake about it.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on January 09, 2017 at 11:38 AM | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts The Danger of Samsung Tanking Korea's Economy if their Chief Goes to Jail Weighs Heavily on Special Prosecution A New Patent Troll Lawsuit Claims that Apple's 'Messages' App Infringes their Acquired Patent from Voice Express Jimmy Iovine Confirms that Apple is creating an Entire Pop Cultural Experience for Apple Music Apple Releases Four TV Ads for AirPods Covering Notes, Siri, Pairing and Strolling A Next-Gen Smartphone Designed by Ex-Apple and Google Engineers will Launch Later this Year An Apple Pencil Patent describes a 3D Antenna and Magnet for Attaching to External Objects Apple Rumored to be Advancing the Anniversary iPhone's Water Resistance Feature to a Higher Level Samsung & Foxconn Jointly Invest in Israeli firm Core Photonics Possibly Delaying a Dual Lens Camera for Galaxy S8 It's a Long Shot, but TSMC wouldn't rule out Opening a U.S. Plant to Support U.S. Customers like Apple and Qualcomm Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. 5 High Points And 5 Low Points In The iPhone Decade Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Sections Return to Top High Points The Lows 5 High Points And 5 Low Points In The iPhone Decade January 9, 2017 12:46 pm EST By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk you say it's your birthday iphone apple siri bendgate tim cook steve jobs Ten years ago today, Apple introduced a product that was designed to serve as not only a music player, but a phone that could go on the internet — the iPhone. In the decade since, the company has surfed some huge news waves, sometimes riding high, and other times, totally wiping out. We thought it would be a good time to reflect on where the iPhone has been in its short life, the highs the company experienced as well as the lows. From the first time anyone camped outside for an iPhone and the first iPhone selfie, to the “Death Grip” antenna debacle and “Bendgate,” Apple has certainly taken consumers to unexpected places. High Points Section Permalink Bookmark Section Share on Facebook Share on Twitter 1. The First iPhone “Every once in a while a revolutionary product comes along that changes everything,” Apple co-founder Steve Jobs told the audience at the iPhone’s introduction in San Francisco on Jan. 9, 2007. It wasn’t just a widescreen iPod with touch controls, or a “revolutionary” mobile phone, or a “breakthrough internet communications device,” no, “this is one device,” Jobs said to cheers from those assembled. Of course, Jobs would brag about the company’s new product, but listening to the audience cheering, applauding, and oohing and aahing over the iPhone’s features, you know people believed the iPhone would be a game changer. Indeed, Consumer Reports wrote at the time that for Apple to enter the smartphone market, “it would have to be with a technology that is both transformative and disruptive. The new Apple iPhone, set to ship this coming June, is poised to be that rule breaker.” Meanwhile, we at Consumerist wondered if the iPhone would be the next Zune. It was not, so congratulations, Apple. 2. iPhone 3G Sells A Million Units In One Weekend dantaylorThe second iPhone Apple introduced, the iPhone 3G, was half as expensive as its predecessor — at only $199 for an 8GB device, instead of $599 with a phone contract. That worked magic for Apple’s sales numbers, with the company reporting it sold a million units in its first weekend on sale. By comparison, it took 74 days for the first iPhone to hit that figure, Consumer Reports notes in a great post about the iPhone’s history. The 3G was introduced with a pretty noteworthy feature as well: the App Store. We wouldn’t be able to play SugarFreekChocolateSodaBingBang without it. 3. The iPhone Becomes A Selfie Machine via YouTubeAh, the iPhone: the device that made people feel okay about flooding social media with photos of themselves, taken by themselves. In June 2010, Apple debuted the iPhone 4, which was the first product to to have a front-facing camera for FaceTime, Apple’s video chat service (that turned out to be very popular in the porn industry). Yes, you could take a photo of yourself with a regular camera before this, but now you could take a photo of yourself and see yourself while you were doing it. And yet, there are still people taking photos of themselves in the mirror on dating sites to this day. Why, people? Why? 4. The World Meets Siri In Oct. 2011, Apple heralded the arrival of the iPhone 4S, which came loaded with a new virtual assistant named Siri, who got her voice from a woman named Susan Bennett. Finally, we could talk to technology and have it talk back, Apple announced at the event. iPhone users could ask Siri about the weather, the six wives of King Henry VIII, or where the closest liquor store could be found, as well as existential questions like, “Why am I here?” Siri still doesn’t have a great answer for that one: “Good question,” she said today. 5. The “World Phone” The iPhone 4S was the last model before the iPhone –– and the world –– began switching to LTE, and all phones were theoretically capable of using both the GSM (AT&T, T-Mobile, most international carriers) and CDMA (Verizon, Sprint, a few international carriers) bands. That meant Verizon and Sprint’s phones came with a slot for a GSM SIM card, which would allow users access to a wider variety of international carriers. Though we’re counting this as a good thing — since you could take your phone anywhere in the world and use it — it was also a bit annoying because the phones could only be unlocked for international use, and not so you could switch to another carrier and bring your phone with you. The LowsImage courtesy of 713 Avenue Section Permalink Bookmark Section Share on Facebook Share on Twitter 1. The “Death Grip” Design Flaw It hasn’t been all selfies and funny Siri questions, however. Apple found itself on Consumer Reports’ bad side in 2010 with the iPhone 4, when our sister publication said it wouldn’t recommend the device until the company fixed a design flaw known as the “Death Grip”: owners were reporting that when they held their phone up to their head to make a phone call, as one does, the phones would suddenly drop their network connections. Consumer Reports backed this claim up with tests that found the drop in signal strength when holding the phone had “a significant effect on both call success and quality.” At first, Apple’s advice to fix the problem was to slap some tape on that sucker: “Cover the antenna gap with a piece of duct tape or another thick, non-conductive material.” Eventually, however, CEO Steve Jobs offered a full refund for the phones, as well as a free case. 2. Everyone Hates Apple Maps With the introduction of the iPhone 5 in 2012, Apple replaced the default Google Maps app that had come loaded on previous phones with its own Maps service. Almost immediately, CEO Tim Cook found himself having to apologize to customers angry about the bug-ridden app. Some of the complaints included geographical errors and missing information, as well as a lack of features many customers love in Google Maps like public transit directions. “We are extremely sorry for the frustration this has caused our customers and we are doing everything we can to make Maps better,” Cook said in a letter to customers, going on to point out some other, perhaps better, options, like “Bing, MapQuest and Waze, or use Google or Nokia maps by going to their websites and creating an icon on your home screen to their web app,” Cook wrote. By the end of the year, however, Google Maps were once again allowed back into the App Store. 3. Disappointment Comes In Candy Colors The fall of 2013 marked the first time Apple decided to sell a “cheap” version of its phone, the 5c, which for some reason unbeknownst to everyone, came in a variety of candy colors instead of the usual metallic hues. The company called them “beautifully, unapologetically plastic” shelled things, but consumers apparently didn’t have much of a sweet tooth, as retailers were working hard to unload the 5c: only a few months after its release, retailers started chopping prices for the iPhone 5c in an attempt to rid the world of its candy-colored stain. 4. iPhone 6 Comes With U2 Album Whether You Want It Or Not In Sept. 2014, Apple unveiled the iPhone 6, and a group of middle-aged Irish guys with a little band called U2 decided it would be a good idea to force-place their new album onto those devices without asking if those people wanted it, and without initially giving those iPhone users a way to remove the songs. After a bit of reflection, U2 realzed that maybe this wasn’t the brightest publicity move. Lead man Bono apologized, saying he was “sorry about that,” and that the band “might have got carried away with it ourselves.” 5. Bendgate UnboxTherapyThe iPhone 6 Plus had only been on sale for a few days when a guy posted a video showing how easily he could bend the device with his bare hands. Thus, Bendgate was born, with some owners complaining that the devices were bending while in their pockets. Consumer Reports weighed in with its own investigation, and found that “both the iPhone 6 Plus and the smaller iPhone 6 proved more rigid than YouTube videos suggested,” though they were “less rugged than the iPhone 5 and phones from Samsung and LG” used for comparison. Eventually, Apple promised to replace bent devices once a Genius had conducted a “Visual Mechanical Inspection” to judge whether the phone was bent or not. Want more stories from Consumerist? We’re a non-profit! You can get more stories like this in our twice weekly ad-free newsletter! Click here to sign up. January 9, 2017 By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk you say it's your birthday iphone apple siri bendgate tim cook steve jobs Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related Bendgate 2.0? Video Shows Galaxy S6 Edge Will Bend; Samsung Says It’s Misleading the use of force Consumer Reports Test Shows It Takes A Lot To Bend New iPhones shocker Apple Confirms World’s Worst Kept Secret: iPhone 7 Starts At $649; Pre-Orders Start Sept. 9 Damaged Property Report: Apple To Accept Newer iPhone Trade-Ins With Cracked Screens, Other Dings not gonna do it Apple Engineers Might Resist Court Order To Weaken iPhone Encryption Previous Why Pet Owners Should Care About Banfield & VCA Animal Hospitals Coming Under Same Corporate Umbrella Next Feds, New York Accuse Maker Of Prevagen Dietary Supplement Of False Advertising Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Feds, New York Accuse Maker Of Prevagen Dietary Supplement Of False Advertising Return to Top Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Menu Deadline TV ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Apple Music Series Will Have 16 Differen… Home Film TV Awardsline Box Office Business INTL Video Jobs Got A Tip? Breaking News 'Homeland': EP On S6, U.S. Return And How Show Will End Top Stories ‘SNL’ Taunts, Trump Responds & More TCA: Masterpiece, ‘The Vietnam War’, ‘Solar… Film Mel Gibson Signs With CAA by by Anthony D'Alessandro Box Office ‘Hidden Figures’ Looks To Stay No. 1 In Wide MLK Field by by Anthony D'Alessandro TV ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Apple Music Series Will Have 16 Different Hosts Including Chelsea Handler & Seth MacFarlane – TCA by Anthony D'Alessandro January 9, 2017 10:09am 3 TV Breaking News Music TCA Apple Music Carpool Karaoke CBS Associated Press Addressing the elephant in the room at CBS’ Carpool Karaoke panel at TCA today, EP Ben Winston said, “We’re going to have 16 different hosts.” And from a sizzle reel, we see that Chelsea Handler, Seth MacFarlane, John Legend, Billy Eichner are among those set for the new series streaming on Apple Music, the portal’s first. Related Late-Night TV 2016: Donald Trump Vs. Carpool Karaoke & North Korea But what does this mean for the famed bit on The Late Late Show? Says host James Corden: “I’m still going to see my kid on the weekends. This just became a wonderful platform to see these people in a such an intimate environment. I don’t feel it’s mine.” In regards to doing the Apple Music series sans Corden, EP Eric R. Pankowski said: “It was a pretty quick decision. What James does is so special and singular. It was silly to make a full TV series, to try to replicate that or duplicate that. We fell in love with doing 16 specials. Each one was its own event.” Adds Winston, who’s also an EP on The Late Late Show: “On our show, it’s James with a massive-selling recording artist,” while the new Apple series essentially follows two pairings; an interview series over a half-hour (and, as footage shows, the pairs actually get out of the car). Winston said they were getting requests from movie stars to do Carpool Karaoke on The Late Late Show, but that never sounded quite right, hence the idea for this Apple Music series. In terms of pairings, Corden will drive Will Smith around, while MacFarlane drives Ariana Grande and Alicia Keys will be in the passenger seat next to Legend. “There’s something about the intimacy of a car,” said Winston, who expounded that there’s something kinetic that happens between two people where they connect, more than they would in a studio. Corden’s jumping-off point for Carpool Karaoke originated with late Wham! singer George Michael. Corden asked Michael to do the segment in England for a Comic Relief bit. Corden said today that he was asked to participate in a recent documentary celebrating Michael. Subscribe to Deadline Breaking News Alerts and keep your inbox happy 3 3 Comments Cancel reply Comments On Deadline Hollywood are monitored. So don't go off topic, don't impersonate anyone, and don't get your facts wrong. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. When the Fat Man Sings • on Jan 9, 2017 10:24 am Make it Stop!!! Reply Jodie • on Jan 9, 2017 10:45 am I hear ya…it was a good idea at first but they’ve run it into the ground. Reply Anonymous • on Jan 9, 2017 10:55 am This is the worst. Reply What's Hot on Deadline 1 Jennifer Holliday Describes Vicious Backlash To Now-Canceled Plans For Inaugural Performance 2 Alec Baldwin & 'SNL' Take Full Advantage Of Trump "Golden Opportunity" 3 'Girl Meets World': Why Disney Channel Canceled the Series & Will Netflix Save It? 4 Stephen Colbert Names Celebs Who Will Perform At Donald Trump Inauguration 5 Mel Gibson Signs With CAA 6 'Hidden Figures' Calculates $25M+ Weekend, But Why Are So Many Movies Bombing Over MLK? - Sunday AM Update 7 Donald Trump Joins Spokesman In Calling 'SNL' Unfunny: "Complete Hit Job," PEOTUS Tweets - UPDATE 8 Felicity Jones Gets 'SNL' Warning From Princess Tina: Trump's Watching 9 'Rogue One' Rises To $980M Global; 'Passengers' Takes Over Offshore No. 1 - International Box Office 10 ‘Sherlock’ Creators & Cast On Season 4 Finale's Thrills & Heart; Is This Really ‘The Final Problem’ For The Baker Street Boys? Latest TV News ‘Homeland’ EP On Season 6 Debut, How Claire Danes Drama Will End & U.S. Return 'Sherlock' Creators & Cast On Season 4 Finale’s Thrills & Heart; Is This Really 'The Final Problem' For The Baker… ‘The Young Pope’ & ‘Homeland’ Season 6 Review: Both Snare Spirit Of Our Times Donald Trump Joins Spokesman In Calling ‘SNL’ Unfunny: “Complete Hit Job,” PEOTUS Tweets… PBS Masterpiece Partners with BBC & Lookout Point On Newspaper Biz Drama ‘Press’ — TCA PBS CEO Paula Kerger: Too Early To Tell What Impact Donald Trump Will Have On Public Television – TCA More Marketplace Featured Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut SEE MORE JOBS China Box Office: 'Passengers' Deposes 'Rogue One' After One Week Homeland Season 6 Premiere Recap: Losing the War, On Drugs How to Watch Arrested Development: Acclaimed Series Returning… 'Mariah's World' Recap: Bryan Tanaka Gets Jealous When Mariah's… Take a VR tour of the White House with President Obama About Us Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Google+ The Power of Content Variety india.com Hollywoodlife SPY TV Line BGR WWD Footwear News Copyright © 2017 Penske Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved. HOLLYWOOD™ & Design © 2017 Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. The Hollywood Sign is a trademark and intellectual property of Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP ad
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: Intel Core i7-7700K And Z270 Chipset Review: Kaby Lake Hits The Desktop AMD To Attack Performance Desktop Market With RYZEN, More Zen Architecture Details Revealed Here's Why Intel Kaby Lake And AMD Zen Will Only Be Optimized On Windows 10 Processors Recent additions: Intel Core i7-7700K And Z270 Chipset Review: Kaby Lake Hits The Desktop AMD To Attack Performance Desktop Market With RYZEN, More Zen Architecture Details Revealed Here's Why Intel Kaby Lake And AMD Zen Will Only Be Optimized On Windows 10 Graphics/Sound Recent additions: AMD Vega GPU Architecture Details Revealed AMD Unveils FreeSync 2 Technology With HDR And LFC Support Quadro P6000 And P5000 Review: NVIDIA's Most Powerful Pascal Graphics Cards Motherboards Recent additions: AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4 Motherboards For Ryzen Processors, All Chips Ulocked Gigabyte Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review: Affordable, High-Tech, Great Performance Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested Storage Recent additions: Intel SSD DC P3520 Series NVMe PCIe Enterprise Solid State Drive Review Samsung SSD 960 EVO NVMe M.2 Review: Ultra Fast, Affordable Storage WD My Passport Wireless Pro Review: Portable Storage For Mobile Devices Misc Recent additions: Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review The Best Of CES 2017 Streacom BC1 Open Benchtable Review: Open-Source Open-Air PC Building Done Right SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: The Best Of CES 2017 Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound Cybertron CLX Ra System Review: A Luxury Dual GTX 1080 Killer Gaming Rig Desktops Recent additions: Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound Lenovo IdeaCentre Y900 RE Gaming Desktop And IdeaPad Y900 Gaming Notebook Preview Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action Intel Compute Stick Core m3 Review: Skylake On A Thumbstick Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: Intel SSD DC P3520 Series NVMe PCIe Enterprise Solid State Drive Review Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review Micron's Massive Capacity 8TB 5100 Series Enterprise Solid State Drive Can Save Datacenters Big Bucks Workstation Recent additions: Quadro P6000 And P5000 Review: NVIDIA's Most Powerful Pascal Graphics Cards AMD Radeon Pro WX Series Workstation Graphics Review: Polaris Goes Pro [WX 7100 Update] AMD To Attack Performance Desktop Market With RYZEN, More Zen Architecture Details Revealed Data Center/SMB Recent additions: Intel SSD DC P3520 Series NVMe PCIe Enterprise Solid State Drive Review Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review Micron's Massive Capacity 8TB 5100 Series Enterprise Solid State Drive Can Save Datacenters Big Bucks Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft Patents Big Brother AI To Monitor Everything You Do In Windows And Feed It To Bing For Search Results Here's Why Intel Kaby Lake And AMD Zen Will Only Be Optimized On Windows 10 A Quick Guide To Customizing Your Windows Desktop Experience MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: The Best Of CES 2017 Hands-On With The Dell Inspiron 15 Gaming Notebook at CES 2017 Hands On With Dell's XPS 13 2-in-1 Convertible At CES 2017 Notebooks Recent additions: Hands-On With The Dell Inspiron 15 Gaming Notebook at CES 2017 Hands On With Dell's XPS 13 2-in-1 Convertible At CES 2017 Lenovo IdeaCentre Y900 RE Gaming Desktop And IdeaPad Y900 Gaming Notebook Preview Smartphones Recent additions: Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Review: The First Tango Augmented Reality Smartphone ASUS ZenFone 3 Deluxe Review: Unlocked Android With 6GB RAM And 64GB Storage Hot Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Tablets, Smartphones, Laptops, and Systems Tablets Recent additions: Lenovo Yoga Book Review: A 2-In-1 With A Trick Hot Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Tablets, Smartphones, Laptops, and Systems HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide Gadgets Recent additions: HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation Samsung Gear Fit2 Review: More Than Just A Fitness Wearable LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Titanfall 2 Review And PC Benchmarks Quick Take: Fantastic Mech Fun Exploring NVIDIA's GeForce Experience 3.0, A Beginner's Guide Gears of War 4 Review And Benchmark Performance Quick Take Entertainment Recent additions: Experiencing NVIDIA's SHIELD With Plex Media Server Streaming Prowess YouTube Gains In-App Messenger For Mobile Chatting And Video Sharing Valve Inks Game-Changing Deal With Lionsgate Entertainment Adding Over 100 Movie Titles To Steam Platform Gaming Recent additions: Hands-On With The Dell Inspiron 15 Gaming Notebook at CES 2017 Lenovo IdeaCentre Y900 RE Gaming Desktop And IdeaPad Y900 Gaming Notebook Preview Cybertron CLX Ra System Review: A Luxury Dual GTX 1080 Killer Gaming Rig Social Recent additions: YouTube Gains In-App Messenger For Mobile Chatting And Video Sharing Microsoft Reportedly Abandoned $8 Billion Slack Bid To Double Down On Skype Genius Tweets? Apple Hangs Out @AppleSupport Sign On Twitter VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: AMD RYZEN RYZEN Vega Dell XPS 27 Kaby Lake GeForce GTX 1080 Ti home News by Brittany Goetting — Sunday, January 08, 2017 Research Firm Predicts Apple Will Out Ship Microsoft Windows Devices In 2017 What does 2017 look like for corporations such as Apple and Microsoft? According to the research firm Gartner, Inc., Apple devices will outsell its Redmond, Washington-based rival for the first time in the twenty-first century. Gartner has also predicted that the gap will continue to widen between the Apple and Microsoft’s number of shipments over the next three years. This past year, 260 million Windows-powered devices were sold, or roughly 11.2% of the market. Apple only shipped 248 million devices, a 10% decrease from the previous year. Apple’s results from this past fiscal quarter are not in, but the previous quarter was a bit of a disappointment. iPhone sales decreased from 48 million to 45.5 million, iPad sales fell from 9.9 to 9.3 million, and Mac sales decreased 5.7 million to 4.9 million. This was the first time in 15 years that Apple has posted a decline in annual sales.  Why then does Gartner, Inc. believe that Apple will ship 268 million devices in 2017 (running iOS and macOS), and continue to increase their sales by 3% over the next two years? PC sales have greatly decreased over the past few years. In 2016, 268 million PC’s were sold. This was a 7% reduction from the previous year and a continuation of a multi-year trend. Microsoft relies almost entirely upon PC's for its device sales. It has attempted to penetrate the smartphone market, however, Microsoft in recent years has been unable to crack the 5% mark (and currently sits with sub 1% global market share). If PC shipments continue to diminish, so does the current bulk of Microsoft’s device profits. Apple, on the other hand, currently dominates the global smartphone market with respect to profits.  It is important to note that these predictions are for Windows-based devices only. Microsoft has recently started to focus more on their cloud-based products, so Satya Nadella is unlikely to be begging in the streets any time soon. This report also does not take into account competition from Android-powered devices. Tags:  Apple, Microsoft, Windows, nasdaqaapl, nasdaq-msft Via:  Computer World Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 27K CONVERSATIONS AMD Claims Zen Architecture Powering...28 HotHardware And Lenovo HOT Holiday...26 Apple Calls Out Consumer Reports For...16 Latest Windows 10 Cumulative Update...15 2018 Toyota Camry Goes From Subdued To...13 Kia Stinger GT Takes On Germany’s Best...12 NVIDIA's GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Reportedly...12 FEATURED Intel SSD DC P3520 Series NVMe PCIe... Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200... The Best Of CES 2017 Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop... AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4... AMD Vega GPU Architecture Details... Hands On With Dell's XPS 13 2-in-1... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...761k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...617k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...566k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...546k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...502k Know Your Type: Five Mechanical Gaming...438k GeForce GTX 980 Ti Round-Up With MSI,...387k THREADS HotHardware and Lenovo HOT Holiday...46 How feasible is this?21 HotHardware And Lenovo HOT Holiday...5 Lenovo y510p3 I wonder how advanced the technology...3 Your favorite thing about social media...2 Any holistic organic writers here?2 Your Next Graphics Card GF GTX 1080 Radeon RX 480 GF GTX 1070 GF GTX 1060 Other AMD Other NVIDIA More Results MORE HOT HEADLINES US Secret Service Orders... SpaceX Falcon 9 Delivers Iridium... Amazon Seeks FCC Permission For... Enraged Florida T-Mobile Customer... Former Android Chief Andy Rubin... Nintendo Chief Says Switch Won’t... WhatsApp Denies Allegations That It... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2017 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
{{ currentBoardShortName }} Markets Indices FX Energy Metals {{data.symbol | reutersRICLabelFormat:group.RICS}}   {{data.netChng | number: 4 }} {{data.netChng | number: 2 }} {{data | displayCurrencySymbol}} {{data.price | number: 4 }} {{data.price | number: 2 }} {{data.symbol | reutersRICLabelFormat:group.RICS}}   {{data.netChng | number: 4 }} {{data.netChng | number: 2 }} {{data | displayCurrencySymbol}} {{data.price | number: 4 }} {{data.price | number: 2 }} Markets As of: {{timeStamp.date}} {{timeStamp.time}} Markets {{ currentBoardShortName }} Markets Indices FX Energy Metals {{data.symbol | reutersRICLabelFormat:group.RICS}}   {{data.netChng | number: 4 }} {{data.netChng | number: 2 }} {{data | displayCurrencySymbol}} {{data.price | number: 4 }} {{data.price | number: 2 }} {{data.symbol | reutersRICLabelFormat:group.RICS}}   {{data.netChng | number: 4 }} {{data.netChng | number: 2 }} {{data | displayCurrencySymbol}} {{data.price | number: 4 }} {{data.price | number: 2 }} Are you looking for a stock? Try one of these {{result.description}} {{result.ric}} More Results BNN Are you looking for a stock? Try one of these {{result.description}} {{result.ric}} More Results Markets Video Shows TV Market Call Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Company News Commodities Technology Economics ETFs C-Suite Interviews Market Call Market Call Tonight Schedule Markets Video Shows TV Market Call Scoreboard BNN News Investing News Video REITs Preferred Shares The Week Ahead: IMF's World Economic Outlook Update, BoC rate decision Daniel Straus' Top Picks: January 13, 2017 U.S. stocks recover on upbeat bank earnings TSX rises, led by banks as U.S. earnings season starts James Telfser's Top Picks: January 12, 2017 Mohsin Bashir's Top Picks: January 12, 2017 Returns for TSX will be front-end loaded in 2017: Strategist Brian Madden's Top Picks: January 11, 2017 McCreath: A weak U.S. dollar is the last thing financial markets need Christine Poole's Top Picks: January 11, 2017 Morgan Stanley partners with Addepar to see more of wealthiest clients' assets Top Canadian stocks no matter what Trump does or doesn’t do John DeGoey's Top Picks: January 10, 2017 Bruce Tatters' Top Picks: January 10, 2017 Financial stocks to consider buying on the next pullback Reality of President Trump to hit markets Warren Buffett’s investing style won’t work in the Trump era, warns portfolio manager Daniel Lloyd's Top Picks: January 9, 2017 Josef Schachter's Top Picks: January 9, 2017 Party like it's 19,999: Why BlackRock is optimistic about the market rally Personal Finance News Video Best and worst times to book a vacation that won't break the bank Personal Investor: Four RRSP myths to look out for this season Pattie Lovett-Reid: Willing to tell a white lie for a mortgage? You're not alone Personal Investor: How to position your portfolio for a President Trump Becoming CEO of your life: Financial experts on the newly-single taking control Personal Investor: Is it time to take profits? Five questions to ask yourself Pattie Lovett-Reid: Landing your dream job in a tough market Ways to dig yourself out of holiday debt Traditional approach to work-life balance isn’t ‘realistic’, warns U of T researcher Personal Investor: Get your life on track with a net worth plan Top-paid chief executives will earn more in a day than average Canadian in 2017: Report Pattie Lovett-Reid: Building your wealth in 2017, one month at a time Personal Investor: Millennials climb the TFSA ladder in 2017 Pattie Lovett-Reid: 5 tax resolutions for 2017 Personal Investor: Tax cons lead list of scams in 2016 Debt repayment a top priority for Canadians in 2017, CIBC poll finds Ontario's cap-and-trade plan raises cost of gasoline and home heating on Jan. 1 Tax changes facing Canadians in 2017 BNN's top business reads of 2016 Real Estate News Video Home Prices REITs House Money Real estate 'bad sector to make a quick buck': Royal LePage CEO Ontario housing prices lead 0.2% national climb in November Trump hotel in Toronto being shopped, bids start at $298 million Toronto set to lead in $1M-plus home sales for third year: Sotheby's ‘There are serious consequences’: Suspected Canadian mortgage fraud spikes 52% Calgary's housing market to stabilize in 2017: Real Estate Board Macquarie cuts mortgage lenders, cites housing risk Canadian housing starts pick up in December: CMHC Canada building permits value declines 0.1% in November B.C. raises homeowner grant as property values, taxes spike Toronto home sales set record in 2016 as purchases surge 11.8% Vancouver housing market ends 2016 with a whimper as sales plunge 39.4% Why housing pessimism is hurting the Canadian dollar New mortgage rules good for banks, costly for borrowers: RateSpy Bubble fears, runaway prices and intervention: The year housing boiled over Toronto Mayor John Tory rejects 'politically sexy' housing market intervention A look at key Canadian housing measures unveiled in 2016 ‘It’s definitely pre-election politics’: Royal LePage CEO slams B.C. housing policy Company News News Video 'A Hail Mary Pass': Bay Street cautious as ex-Canadian Tire CEO takes top job at Sobeys TD Bank to settle over possible violations of Iran, Cuba sanctions rules: U.S. Treasury Wells Fargo reports fifth straight profit decline amid accounts scandal recovery JPMorgan profit up 24% on post-Trump surge in trading CP Rail train carrying coal derails near Ashcroft, B.C. Renault the latest under emissions scrutiny as French prosecutors seek answers Bank of America earns US$4.7B in Q4, beating expectations Fiat Chrysler shares up as investors downplay EPA charges Gildan's purchase of American Apparel approved by bankruptcy court Saputo and Agropur lay off 346 dairy workers in Atlantic Canada Postmedia posts first-quarter profit, boosted by debt restructuring deal Shomi shutdown hits Shaw’s earnings as profit tumbles 59% Delta Air Lines net profit drops 37% following pilot pay raise agreement U.S bank earnings preview McDonald's Canada testing all-day breakfast in some provinces Magna to create 400 jobs with new paint shop in Slovenia Carmakers urge Feds to offset carbon-cutting costs McCreath: Aritzia insiders sell 20.1 million shares in offering Pharmaceutical companies 'getting away with murder': Trump Corus shares fall as quarterly profit misses, TV revenues drop Commodities News Show Guests Oil Energy Gold Mining Notley: Trans Mountain not a precedent for Trump’s Keystone talks B.C. Premier Clark gives Trump ammo to approve Keystone XL Mining legends: High U.S. dollar hurts gold, but Trump will push bullion higher Canadian drillers add the most oil rigs in two years: Baker Hughes Oil ends week 3% lower on OPEC, Chinese economy concerns U.S. dairy groups ask Trump to focus on 'protectionist' Canadian dairy policies B.C. approves Trans Mountain pipeline expansion AltaGas confirms merger talks with Washington Gas parent Goldcorp selling Guatemalan property to Bluestone Resources Parkland Fuel CEO: Why I love buying gas stations Enbridge could face legal battle over 64-year-old Line 5 pipeline 'We shouldn't be fooled by good-looking Liberals': Fonda says Trudeau is betraying climate change MEG Energy announces $400M project to boost oil sands production NEB to require emergency response plans on pipeline applications Environmental groups call for relaunch of Energy East review as NEB appoints new panel Silver Wheaton CEO: I don't do bidding wars Gitxsan First Nation expected to launch LNG challenge in B.C. Goldcorp to buy $35M stake in Auryn Resources Technology News Video The Disruptors Nintendo Switch console's $399 Canadian price tag disappoints Amazon apologizes for selling Indian flag doormats on Canadian site Shomi shutdown hits Shaw’s earnings as profit tumbles 59% Amazon agrees to pay $1.1M to Competition Bureau over 'list price' discrepancies Shaw to partner with Comcast on voice-controlled TV product Instagram bringing advertising into Stories feature Online alcohol sales in Ontario rose over the holidays: LCBO Facebook launches 'Journalism Project' amid fake news concerns Canadians paying less than Americans for iPhones, other devices even cheaper: Study Yahoo to change its name to Altaba, trim board once Verizon deal goes through Italy looking at Google proposal to close tax dispute, source says Predicting a Canadian tech IPO revival Uber's new rider data: A useful tool for cities, or just a PR move? As Apple's iPhone turns 10, here's a look back at how the device has evolved CES 2017 wraps: Everything you need to know, from pet Fitbits to car-sized drones ​Canada's competition watchdog closes two-year Apple probe 21% of Canadians have experienced wireless 'bill shock': CRTC poll Samsung says Q4 operating profit likely up 50% from last year BlackBerry signs partnership with Giuliani consulting firm Economics News Video 3 things to expect from the Bank of Canada next week 'Be vigilant': Top economist warns Morneau to brace for uncertainty from Trump Trump trade barriers could slam Canadian economy: National Bank A look at Trump's business ties as President-elect hands control to sons Loonie strengthens to four-week high following Trump press conference Freeland to face down Trump's trade talk as Foreign Affairs Minister Infrastructure spending lags budget expectations: PBO Biggest risk to Canada in 2017 is potential U.S. trade policy, says economist CIBC’s Tal 'very concerned' about Trump’s impact on manufacturing ​Alberta seeks public input into 2017-18 budget; says no new major spending Fear of a "hard" Brexit pulls pound lower More Canadian businesses optimistic about U.S. growth in wake of Trump presidency: BoC Boston Fed President Eric Rosengren calls for faster, gradual interest rate increases 'Rock-em-sock-em jobs report’: Canada unexpectedly adds 53,700 jobs in December Trump targeting Ontario could cost ‘hundreds of thousands’ of U.S. auto jobs: Sousa Canada sets record for insurable damage in 2016, largely due to Alberta Wildfires U.S. department store challenges fail to rattle some investors Canada posts first trade surplus since Sept. 2014 as exports surge Trump will have trouble stripping bank regulations: Busch U.S. job growth slows, but wage rebound points to future uptick ETFs News Video Berman's Call John DeGoey's Top Picks: January 10, 2017 ETF report - Dangers of commodity ETFs ETF Report: Why 2016 was a good year for ETF investors U.S. Exchanges in fierce battle for ETFs Liquid ETFs a safe choice now, says trader ETF Report: Panda Picks update Terry Shaunessy's Top Picks: December 16, 2016 What the Yahoo security breach means for cybersecurity stocks ETF Report: The preferred share approach ETF Report: Strategy in a rising rate environment Brooke Thackray's Top Picks: December 13, 2016 Fixed income ETFS to play in a rising rate environment Tyler Mordy's Top Picks: December 8, 2016 ETF Report: Small-caps outperform ETF Report: Investing in share buybacks Larry Berman: What are maximum diversification index ETFs and why do you need them? ETF Report: Trump pushes gold lower ETF Report: A look at IBUY, the online retail ETF John De Goey's Top Picks: November 24, 2016 ETF Report: 4 ways to play U.S. regional banks C-Suite Interviews News Video Postmedia CEO calls for federal support, willing to open his books Cogeco CEO: Broadband market saturated, still some room to grow Parkland Fuel CEO: Why I love buying gas stations Goldcorp CEO: Why I'm selling Mexico mine to Leagold Mining Bridging the lack of Canadian women in tech Just Energy CEO on plans to grow its footprint and innovation Total Energy CEO on how he's stalking Savanna New Flyer well positioned for Trump's anti-trade rhetoric: CEO Osisko Gold Royalties posts 25% increase in gold equivalent ounces Silver Wheaton CEO: I don't do bidding wars Trump, trade and tweets: Canadian executives weigh in Thalmic Labs makes Forbes' 30 Under 30 We're a few years off from major housing trouble: Davis Rea's O'Connell Xerox CEO: We're prepping for biggest product launch ever NewLeaf cancels flight plans because WestJet 'copied' it, undercut airfares: CEO Jim Young IGM Financial CEO 'very positive' about dividend, hails $468M China Asset Management investment Have a startup and want success? Accept your mistakes: Ikkuma CEO Agnico Eagle CEO: Sure, gold fell after Trump win — we'll see if it lasts Arizona Mining CEO addresses manganese concerns Vermilion bounces back Market Call Video Guests Picks Market Call Tonight Market Call Tonight Video Guests Picks Market Call Schedule Markets Video Shows TV Market Call More Markets Video Shows TV Market Call Technology News Video The Disruptors Article News Video The Disruptors More News Video The Disruptors Latest Videos {{ currentStream.Name }} Related Video Up Next Now Showing {{ video.Name }} Continuous Play: ON OFF The information you requested is not available at this time, please check back again soon. Most Popular {{item.title | formatTitle}} Technology Jan 9 As Apple's iPhone turns 10, here's a look back at how the device has evolved Laura Woodward, BNN.ca Staff VIDEO SIGN OUT The world saw the first iPhone 10 years ago today. Steve Jobs, the late Apple CEO and co-founder, unveiled it in 2007 at San Francisco’s MacWorld conference. In a keynote presentation, Jobs described the iPhone as a combination of an iPod, a phone and an Internet communicator. Ten years later,  Apple has sold more than one billion iPhones worldwide -- a milestone the company's current CEO Tim Cook revealed in July 2016. The company continues to rely on iPhone sales for its revenue. The iPhone is responsible for nearly two-thirds of Apple’s total sales. Here’s a look of the iPhone’s progress over the years: 2007: The first iPhone The original iPhone shocked the world with its lack of buttons. The iPhone was the first phone with a completely touch-sensitive screen. With 3.5 inches of display space, the iPhone was the first of its kind to integrate music, a camera and the internet in a phone. The 4GB model sold for $499 and the 8GB model sold $599. 2008-2009: iPhone 3G and iPhone 3Gs The iPhone 3G launched in 2008 as the first model to have a GPS built into the device. Apple axed the 4GB storage option and only sold larger storage space of 8GB,16GB and 32GB. The iPhone 3Gs was unveiled a year later, in 2009. This was the first time a new colour option of silver was available, and was the first iPhone to have video recording. 2010-2011: iPhone 4 and iPhone 4s Jobs described the iPhone 4 as the most beautiful product Apple has ever released. Apple changed its iPhone design to a glass front and back with a flat, square interior. The iPhone 4 was most iconic for its front-facing camera, which came with the FaceTime app. The iPhone 4s was launched on Oct. 4, 2011 and on Oct. 5, 2011, Steve Jobs died. This was the first time an iPhone was introduced by Apple CEO Tim Cook. Apple’s voice-assistant, Siri, was introduced through the iPhone 4s and came with the largest storage space of 64GB. 2012: iPhone 5 The iPhone 5 had a big change, literally. The iPhone size increased, from 3.5 inches to 4 inches, creating room for another row of apps. Despite the size increase, the iPhone 5 was thinner and lighter. While the phone got bigger, the charging portal got smaller. The iPhone 5 was the first phone to use the lightning connector, Apple’s latest charger. 2013: iPhone 5s and iPhone 5c Touch ID, the ability to use a fingerprint to access information and unlock an iPhone, began with the iPhone 5s. Apple redesigned the iconic home button for the first time and the colour gold was added to the spectrum of iPhone colours. The iPhone 5c line had even more colour options of blue, green, yellow, pink and white. The iPhone 5c was designed as Apple’s ‘affordable phone’ to compete with Android. 2014: iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus To compete with Samsung, Apple continues to make the iPhone bigger. The iPhone 6 display is 4.7 inches and the iPhone 6 Plus screen is 5.5 inches—the largest iPhone yet. Both phones have an all-aluminum design and the power button has moved from the top, to the side. 2015: iPhone 6s and 6s Plus In September, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus launch. The latest iPhone feature is 3D Touch, making the touch screen pressure-sensitive. The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus come in the new colour of rose gold.   March 2016: iPhone SE The iPhone SE is the first time Apple makes their phone smaller in size. The iPhone SE is 4 inches, looking a lot like the iPhone 5. The phone may look like the iPhone 5, but has many features of the iPhone 6s. Apple designed the SE as the cheaper and smaller alternative to the iPhone 6. September 2016: iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Apple’s major move was axing the headphone jack to make wave for wireless Bluetooth headphones. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus is the first series of Apple phones to not have a headphone jack and be officially water and dust resistant. As well, a jet black and matte colour variant were added to the Apple colour spectrum. iPhone unit sales milestones (unveiled Jan 9 2007): Sept '07: 1 million Mar '11: 100 million Mar '14: 500 million July '16: 1 billion pic.twitter.com/jSBF6K7JMH — Jon Erlichman (@JonErlichman) January 9, 2017 Things that didn't exist when iPhone was unveiled on this day in 2007: Uber Apple Maps Snapchat Instagram Facebook Messenger Angry Birds pic.twitter.com/VpgofNa46r — Jon Erlichman (@JonErlichman) January 9, 2017 Apple's best days are still ahead: GVA Research On the 10-year anniversary of the Apple iPhone, GVA Research principal David Garrity joins BNN to discuss the company through the years and why Apple's best days still lie ahead of it. Market Call Top Picks 5:33 Stan Wong's Top Picks: January 13, 2016 4:59 James Telfser's Top Picks: January 12, 2017 4:23 Mohsin Bashir's Top Picks: January 12, 2017 BNN Live Video Stream Subscribe to BNN Newsletters Mobile BNN Personalities Weekly Schedule Channel Guide Contact Us Media Kit Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Web site FAQ © 2017 All Rights Reserved
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference Inc. BrandView NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN Inc. Arabia SITEMAP PRIVACY PRESS QUERIES AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. INNOVATE This One Simple Shift In Perspective Will Free You From The Past Breaking free of the past is one of the hardest things to do, but this change in perspective is the key to unlocking the opportunity of the future. By Thomas Koulopoulos Tom Koulopoulos is the author of 10 books and founder of the Delphi Group, a 25-year-old Boston-based think tank and a past Inc. 500 company that focuses on innovation and the future of business. @tkspeaks Founder, Delphi Group@tkspeaks WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement The Patterns That Hold Us Hostage We build so much of our view of what's possible around the past. While we all want to believe we have an open mind to the possibilities and opportunities of the future, our behaviors are slaves to the past. That's why real breakthroughs are so rare. It's the reason you can drive down any street and identify the decade when each house was built. You can do the same with nearly any photo--polyester leisure suits; must be 1975. The patterns of the past define us, our lives, the way we work, our behaviors, and ultimately our expectations. In short, we like known patterns and we are drawn to them! That's why we cling for dear life to the past, long after it's outlived its usefulness. "if there is one thing that I've learned, that's essential to moving forward, it is to see opportunities to grow rather than problems to be solved." But patterns are also our nemesis. They narrow our field of view and limit our options; they establish boundaries of what's possible and rational. In short, patterns stifle our ability to innovate--our companies and ourselves. What's truly amazing is how quickly we develop rigid assumptions of what the right way to approach a problem is based on the way we've always gone about solving it, and how soon we abandon the creativity needed to view the opportunity as opposed to the problem. And if there is one thing that I've learned, that's essential to moving forward, it is to see opportunities to grow rather than problems to be solved. Better Isn't Good Enough For example, When Apple first introduced the iPod it was considered ridiculous to use a hard drive as opposed to flash (solid state) memory. Hard drives where considered larger more prone to malfunctions and more expensive than flash memory. In addition storage capacities were measured in terms of hours and megabytes. If your MP3 player could hold few CDs worth of music you were doing pretty good. After all, the MP3 player wasn't going to replace you entire CD collection! Every MP3 players was trying to solve the problems of the past. Apple stepped in and saw the opportunity of the future. Jobs didn't ask "What can Apple do to make MP3s better?" That would have been solving the problem of the past and that wasn't good enough. He asked "Why not?" or, more specifically; Why not store more than a few hours of music? Why not use the MP3 player for all of your music? Why not use hard drives which had so much more capacity? Why not build a new business model for the music industry that served the consumer? You can imagine that every one of these was questions was greeted with stares of indignant disbelief followed by the answer, "Because that's not what people are buying. In other words, that's just the way it is!" Here's a hint, whenever you hear "that's just the way it is and always has been!" think opportunity. Nothing is more likely to create pent up opportunity than a well worn pattern which has outlived its usefulness. That's why Tony Fadell, who had shopped the idea of an iPod like device to nearly every MP3 player company was turned down over and over until Jobs brought him on board to architect Apples iPod in 2001. Whether it's the radio, the telephone, the light bulb, the iPod, or even our own behaviors, we are absolutely oblivious to the impact that innovation can have and the extent to which we can change the way we look at and experience the world. That's why when familiar patterns are disrupted, it seems that the disruption always comes from the most unlikely candidates for change. Remember, Apple was the consumate outsider when it came to the music industry. It's as though only a virgin set of eyes, untainted by the knowledge of the past, are the only ones foolish enough to see the opportunity that the future can bring. While we are surrounded by these kinds of unlikely successes, we never cease to be amazed by them. Amazon redefines the way books are bought and sold; Google redefines the way we learn; Apple redefines the way we experience music, Uber upturns the taxicab industry. In each case an outsider that stood no rational chance against the incumbents, overtakes them by light years. Like an amnesiac with no long-term memory, we awe at the phenomenon, no matter how many times we experience it. The Key To Breaking Free So, the question is, "How do you break free of the patterns of the past?" The answer is amazingly simple. You start with a fundamental change in perspective; turn problems into opportunities. This applies to nearly every challenge, personal and professional. Once you label something as a problem you become reactive rather than proactive. That means you start to limit your ability to be creative because you are responding within the confines of the existing problem. Apple didn't try to make MP3 players better, they decided to exploit an opportunity MP3 players couldn't touch. Which is exactly why every MP3 player company had to label Apple's approach absurdly expensive, impractical, and unsustainable. Oh, and because they did that they painted themselves into a corner (called the past) and were stuck addressing the problem and never transitioned to the new opportunity. Cab companies, are you listening? Of course not! Yes, we all want to believe that we can see the opportunities of the future; the key is not to believe it but to behave it. Like this column? Sign up to subscribe to email alerts and you'll never miss a post. The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com. Published on: Jan 9, 2017 Advertisement
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile/Gallery Mobile Apple releases iOS 10.2.1 beta 3 to developers By Brandon Russell | January 9, 2017 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Apple on Monday released the third beta for iOS 10.2.1, which developers can begin testing on the iPhone, iPad, and iPad touch. There doesn’t appear to be too much to the new release—it may just be to fix bugs and enhance the software—but we’ll keep our eyes out for big new features. This is Apple’s first major beta rollout of the year, with the company also releasing updates for watchOS and tvOS. Apple released the previous two betas for iOS 10.2.1 in December, the most recent of which was issued just before the holiday break. The most recent version of iOS, iOS 10.2, included new wallpapers, a TV app, new emoji, and new effects in iMessage. We’ll be sure to let you know if we find anything of significance in the latest beta release. Mobile|Software iOS 10.2.1 beta 1 out now! Apple only released iOS 10.2 earlier this week, but it’s already moving ahead with new beta software. The company launched iOS 10.2.1 beta 1 on Wednesday. We don’t yet know what’s included in this release, it’ll probably take some digging… Read More Software iOS 10.2.1 beta 2 is out! Apple just released the second beta of iOS 10.2.1. The release comes just six days after Apple’s first iOS 10.2.1 beta, and shortly after the bigger iOS 10.2 release that’s now available for everyone. It’s certainly not going to be… Read More Topics #Apple #iOS 10.2.1 Brandon Russell Follow Brandon Russell enjoys writing about technology and entertainment. When he’s not watching Back to the Future, you can find him on a hike or watching soccer.… Read More Recent Posts Twitter will stream PBS’ Inauguration coverage on Jan. 20 Google Play Music highlights bands to watch in 2017 JRPGs on the Nintendo Switch – What do we have to look forward to? Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2017 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Seeds Second Beta of tvOS 10.1.1 to Developers Monday January 9, 2017 10:00 AM PST by Juli Clover Apple today seeded the second beta of an upcoming tvOS 10.1.1 update to developers for testing purposes, almost four weeks after seeding the first tvOS 10.1.1 beta and nearly a month after releasing tvOS 10.1, the first major update to the tvOS 10 operating system. Designed for the fourth-generation Apple TV, tvOS 10.1.1 beta can be obtained by connecting the Apple TV to a computer with a USB-C to USB-A cable, downloading and installing the software from a registered developer account via iTunes or Apple Configurator. Once a beta profile has been installed on the device through iTunes, new beta updates will be available over the air. We don't yet know what features or changes are included in tvOS 10.1.1, but as a minor update, it's likely to focus on bug fixes and other performance enhancements. No immediately visible changes or bug fixes were found in the first beta. tvOS 10.1.1 follows tvOS 10.1, a significant update that introduced the new "TV" app, which serves as an Apple-designed television guide and TV watching hub. Related Roundups: Apple TV, tvOS 10 Buyer's Guide: Apple TV (Don't Buy) 3 comments Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories Apple Shares New 'Pairing,' 'Siri' and 'Notes' AirPods Ads 1 day ago on Front Page Apple today shared three ads highlighting the newly-released AirPods on its YouTube channel. Two of the ads are focused on AirPod features, like Siri and instant pairing, and star dancer Lil Buck... 158 comments Next iPhone Said to Have Even Better IP68-Rated Water Resistance 2 days ago on Front Page Apple's next-generation iPhone will feature IP68-rated water resistance, which would be an improvement over the IP67-certified iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, according to The Korea Herald.... 291 comments Apple vs. Samsung Lawsuit Over iPhone Design Officially Reopened 3 days ago on Front Page The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit on Thursday reopened a longstanding patent lawsuit related to Samsung copying the design of the iPhone nearly six years ago, following an order of... 200 comments Tesla-Bound Chris Lattner May Have 'Felt Constrained' by Apple's Culture of Secrecy [Update: Denied] 3 days ago on Front Page Earlier this week, Swift creator and LLVM co-author Chris Lattner announced he will be leaving Apple later this month—he is headed to Tesla to lead its autopilot engineering team as Vice President of... 97 comments Consumer Reports Reverses Course, Recommends MacBook Pro Following New Testing After Apple Bug Fix 3 days ago on Front Page Consumer Reports is out with an updated report on the 2016 MacBook Pro, and following retesting, the magazine is now recommending Apple's latest notebooks. In the new test, conducted running... 451 comments Court Rules Apple Can be Sued for Monopolizing iPhone App Market 3 days ago on Front Page A U.S. Appeals Court today ruled that App Store customers can move forward with a lawsuit claiming Apple created an illegal app monopoly because it did not allow users to purchase iPhone apps outside... 734 comments Apple Seeds Fourth Beta of iOS 10.2.1 to Developers and Public Beta Testers 3 days ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the fourth beta of an upcoming iOS 10.2.1 update to developers and public beta testers, a few days after seeding the third iOS 10.2.1 beta and a month after releasing iOS 10.2, the... 45 comments A 10.5-Inch iPad Pro Could Match the 12.9-Inch Model's Resolution and the iPad Mini's Pixel Density 3 days ago on Front Page Apple is rumored to be working on a new iPad Pro that adopts an edge-to-edge display, and while it's said to be somewhere around 10 inches, there are a lot of mixed rumors about the specific size... 174 comments • Apple's Lisa Jackson Joins Federal Committee Advising on Vehicle Automation (42) • Apple Plans to Launch Original TV Shows Comparable to 'Westworld' and 'Stranger Things' By End of 2017 (213) • Apple Set to Earn $1 Trillion in Revenue From iOS Ecosystem By Middle of 2017 (79) • Worldwide Mac Sales Remain Steady in 4Q 2016 Amid Continuing PC Market Decline (200) • Tony Fadell Shares New Details on Prototype iPhone Software With Virtual iPod Clickwheel (57) • AirPods Have Captured One Quarter of Wireless Headphone Spending Since Launching (174) • iPhone Captured 31% of Smartphone Sales in the U.S. Ahead of Holiday Season (127)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade The Binding of Issac, The Nintendo Switch, and More! - The TouchArcade Show #290 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth' 'Sonny' Review - An Accessible Social-Style RPG Without IAP 'Card City Nights 2' Under Development, Adds Online Multiplayer 'Rome: Total War' iPad Developer Feral Interactive is Teasing Two Mysterious iOS Games AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming MWC 2017 GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: CES 2017 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / Opinions / iPhone at 10: Reliving our original iPhone review through 2017 goggles iPhone at 10: Reliving our original iPhone review through 2017 goggles by James Laird 09 January 2017 0 shares Read Comments The iPhone turns 10: On the iPhone's 10th anniversary (or is that birthday?), we take a look back at our review of the original 2007 iPhone and relive the first iPhone through 2017 goggles. A quick glance back at 2007 reveals that it was a pretty momentous year. British troops withdrew from Iraq. Gordon Brown finally wrestled the keys to Number 10 from Tony Blair. And a little known senator from Illinois called Barack Obama threw his hat in the ring for the Democratic presidental nomination over in the US. Oh, and let's not forget the 450kg squid that was snared by intrepid Kiwi fisherman off Antarctica... Technology had its watershed moment, too, when one Steven Paul Jobs took to the stage at the the Macworld conference (Macworld!) and introduced a device that would change the humble mobile phone forever. Yes, January 9, 2007 was the day the world first met the iPhone. There have been no less than 11 iPhones since that launch, while the handset heirarchy has shifted from names like BlackBerry, Nokia, and Palm to Google, Samsung, and OnePlus. With all this in mind, let's take a light-hearted look back at our original iPhone review – the humbly titled, 'Apple iPhone review' – penned by TrustedReviews' co-founder and first editor, Riyad Emeran. The original iPhone – a 2017 retrospective With its 3.5-inch screen, the first iPhone was a veritable phablet by 2007 standards – and a glorified beer mat these days. But it wasn't just the size of the screen that made our jaws drop – it was that the original iPhone was, well, all screen. With the 'CrackBerry' plague having infected moody teenagers and pyramid scheming business folk alike, QWERTY was the height of cool in 2007, making the keyboard-free iPhone revolutionary – or just batshit crazy. Related: Best smartphone Here's how Riyad experienced the radical design change back when most of the current TrustedReviews team were busy polishing off their A-levels and university degrees. "I far prefer having a hardware QWERTY keyboard, than a virtual keyboard. However, Apple has managed to totally convert me to the concept of a virtual keyboard. The soft-keyboard embedded in the iPhone is so good, that I can actually type faster on it than I can on my Vario III. "This is a phone that you can seriously use for taking notes in real time – it takes a bit of getting used to, but once you're [sic] fingers are used to the spacing, you'll be cracking out sentences at an impressive rate." But if your phone isn't dominated by physical keys, what the hell do you do with all that screen space? Well, if it's 2007 and you've got a whopping 3.5-inch display with a dazzling 480 x 320 pixel resolution to feast your peepers on, why not catch up on the final season of The O.C.? "Video playback is superb, and even though I don't generally recommend watching video on a mobile device, the screen on the iPhone is so good, that it really is a viable option. I'm not sure that I'd want to watch an entire movie, but the odd TV show and music video works very well." Provided you're on Wi-Fi, that is, 'cause the first iPhone didn't pack any cutting edge wireless telecoms technology – 3G was notably absent. Related: iPhone 7 review Fear not, though, because this was 2007 Great Britian, and a creepy paedophile clown in greasy, secret sauce-smeared armour was riding to the rescue: "McDonalds is offering free Wi-Fi at its restaurants now, so even without an O2 contract, you should be able to find free Wi-Fi without too much trouble – there are a lot of McDonalds branches out there after all." All that screen space also meant the advent of more fully-featured mobile applications and a better mobile web surfing experience, too, not least on Safari – which, back in 2007, was apparantly considered a good browser. "Another absolute triumph for the iPhone is the mobile Safari web browser...In my opinion, mobile Safari is the single best mobile application ever! I know that's a strong statement, but I am 100 per cent sure of its validity, and once you start using mobile Safari, you'll probably agree with me." And don't forget about all the other useful apps at your disposal – after all, this was 2007 and the iOS ecosystem was riding higher than Nickelback in the charts. "There are some other cool bits and pieces, like the weather forecast, which you can set to multiple locations, you can check your Stock investments and of course view all your photos on that superb screen." The first iPhone didn't excel across the board, however – and just like in the present day, it's headphone jacks that we need to talk about. "The lack of stereo Bluetooth support brings me nicely onto another annoyance, the headphone socket. Although the iPhone uses a standard 3.5mm headphone socket, Apple has recessed it deep into the casing, making it almost impossible to use third party headphones. "For example, my Shure E500PTHs would not fit into the iPhone and I ended up having to butcher an extension cable with a knife to get it to fit...But even taking a knife to my own property was preferable to using the bundled Apple headset that comes in the box." You can't miss the irony here. A decade on and iPhone users are still butchering their pricey handsets because of headphone jack issues, although the problem has changed slightly in its nature... iPhone at 10: What the first iPhone taught us All in all, the original iPhone was something of a mixed bag, which is often the case with the Cupertino-based company's wares, especially when they enter a new product segment. If looking back on Apple's first smartphone through a 2017 filter teaches us anything, it's that the firm's overall strategy remains the same a decade (and an iconic CEO) on. Adhering religiously to that naeusating "fail fast" Silicon Valley mantra, Apple will often debut an imperfect product for the sake of the principle behind it, and refine its mass market appeal thereafter. That was certainly the case with the iPhone in 2007, as by 2010's iPhone 4, Apple was in a position (in terms of brand awareness, the overall usability of its hardware, and the depth of its ecosystem) to turn the smartphone world on its head. The same holds true if you look at the Apple Watch vs the Apple Watch 2 (bad vs quite good); the thoroughly underwhelming, headphone jack-less iPhone 7 (which precedes what's thought to be another radical redesign with the iPhone 8); and the early USB-C-adopting 2015 MacBook – a feat of design wizardy rendered virtually unusable by the fact USB-C wouldn't really start to roll out for another year. So while products have evolved and personnel moved (or passed) on, the Apple we know in 2017 is, at its core at least (chortle), the same Apple that brought us the first iPhone in 2007; the evangelical zeal with which it introduces us to a new product and tells us why it's so "revolutionary" ultimately belying a quiet smugness that sometimes verges on arrogance. Apple knows what we want, yes – any company with half-decent data mining does these days – but more often than not, it gives us what it thinks we should want instead. As an approach, it's counter-intuitive, beguiling, and extremely frustrating; and yet every so often, it gives us something that lives up to all the hyperbole and is genuinely game-changing. Something like the original iPhone in 2007. WATCH: iPhone 8 – Everything we know How do you remember the first iPhone? Share your most cherished memories in the comments below. 0 shares Read Comments PretBurg January 10, 2017, 7:28 am "you're fingers". Literally unreadable. Silent Shark January 10, 2017, 9:49 am I'd remove the 'p' word from the reference to a certain company's mascot. Could make the legal team of a very large multinational a bit annoyed if they read that... Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. To CNNMoney business culture gadgets future startups To CNNMoney The iPhone turns 10: Insiders look back by Seth Fiegerman   @sfiegerman January 9, 2017: 10:24 AM ET Happy 10th birthday, iPhone "We're going to make some history together today." With those words on January 9, 2007 -- 10 years ago on Monday -- Steve Jobs kicked off his presentation to unveil "three revolutionary products." These included a touch iPod, a better cellphone and a "breakthrough Internet communications device." Today we know it simply as the iPhone. During the presentation, a group of Apple (AAPL, Tech30) employees who helped build the original iPhone sat in the audience bracing themselves for disaster. "The memory that I have from that day is doing shots of scotch that we had lined up because the demo was so tenuous," Andy Grignon, a former Apple employee who was part of the original iPhone team, told CNNMoney. "It wasn't a sure thing." After Jobs successfully demoed each feature, the lead designer took a victory shot of scotch. Scrolling through album covers? Shot. Pinch and zoom? Shot. Making a phone call? Shot, shot, shot. "It was this mix of absolute terror and elation," Grignon said. The presentation went off without a hitch and introduced the world to a product that would indeed make history. A decade later, Apple has sold more than one billion iPhones. The device redefined the smartphone market, gave rise to countless wealthy app developers and propelled Apple to become the world's most valuable company. Related: This was Apple's prototype for the iPhone In the 2016 fiscal year ending on September 30, Apple's iPhone sales totaled more than $135 billion, or more than half of its total revenue. The App Store alone, originally created for the iPhone, generated more than $20 billion for developers for the 2016 calendar year. "iPhone set the standard for mobile computing in its first decade and we are just getting started. The best is yet to come," Tim Cook, Apple's CEO, said in a statement marking the anniversary. But that incredible success wasn't obvious to everyone at the time. Ten years ago the #iPhone was born! One former @Apple insider thought "it wasn't a sure thing." https://t.co/GD12c77bDS @sfiegerman $AAPL pic.twitter.com/76oLNjymyM— CNNTech (@cnntech) January 9, 2017 The baseline model of the original iPhone had just 4GB of space, a hefty $499 price tag, a single wireless carrier option and no App Store, despite the objections of Apple employees who wanted to offer one. "In that particular room, those who were pro Apple believed it had another hit," said Tim Bajarin, a longtime Apple analyst with Creative Strategies, who attended the original launch event. "But there were a lot of other skeptics." Chief among them: Microsoft's then CEO Steve Ballmer, who quite literally laughed off the iPhone when asked about his first impressions of it. "That is the most expensive phone in the world and it doesn't appeal to business customers because it doesn't have a keyboard, which makes it not a very good email machine," Ballmer said in one interview. The skeptics were ultimately proven wrong, but a new wave of skepticism abounds about the continued dominance of the iPhone and Apple nowadays. Some early developers who built apps that made the iPhone indispensable to customers are increasingly disheartened as the App Store becomes more crowded and less conducive to building businesses. "The structure of the store hasn't changed much," said Loren Brichter, a former Apple employee who worked on the original iPhone before building popular apps like Tweetie and Letterpress. "It's hard to create an app now that is both genuinely interesting and economically sustainable, so I'm focusing my efforts elsewhere." Related: Apple under Tim Cook: More socially responsible, less visionary Apple's iPhone sales declined for the first time last year amid concerns about global smartphone market saturation and a sense that the latest iPhone is a dead ringer for the previous two models. That decline pushed Apple's overall sales below its goal for the 2016 year. Cook and other Apple executives saw their bonuses cut as a result, according to a company filing last week. Apple is widely rumored to be planning a major overhaul of the iPhone for the tenth anniversary edition, likely to be unveiled at its usual launch event in September. That may be enough to reignite interest in the iPhone this year, but a decade after Jobs unveiled those "three revolutionary products," many are hungering for Apple to unveil another breakthrough device. "[The iPhone] put them in the limelight as being one of the most innovative companies, but it puts a level of expectation on Apple that's almost impossible to meet in that people want them to do it again," said Bajarin. "To have another hit like the iPhone would be asking way too much." CNNMoney (New York) First published January 9, 2017: 10:24 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending These 8 men are richer than 3.6 billion people combined Trump renews attacks on 'SNL,' right on cue Lexus unveils 885 horsepower yacht Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring your balance to an 18-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 Jaw-dropping cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. AdChoices.
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     NEWS & INFORMATION FOR TECHNOLOGY PURCHASERS. UPDATED 8 MINUTES AGO. Home Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Big Data CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content You are here: Home / Apple/Mac / Cook's Pay Slumps After Down Year ISACA's half-year, half-price offer Apple CEO Tim Cook's Pay Slumps Along with iPhone Sales By Michael Liedtke PUBLISHED: JANUARY 09 2017 Apple penalized CEO Tim Cook for the iPhone maker's first sales slump in 15 years with a 15 percent pay cut. Cook [seen here] still did extremely well, with a compensation package valued at $8.7 million for Apple's fiscal year that ended Sept. 24, according to a regulatory filing made Friday. But the amount was down from nearly $10.3 million in the prior year. The Cupertino, California, company cited a downturn in Apple's revenue and operating profit as the main reason it cut the pay of Cook and its other top executives. Apple's revenue dropped 8 percent to $216 billion, while its operating profit declined 16 percent to $60 billion. That was mainly because it sold fewer iPhones for the first time since the device came out in 2007. It also marked the first time that Apple's annual revenue decreased since 2001, which was just before the company's late co-founder and CEO Steve Jobs unveiled the iPod. That digital music player set the stage for the iPhone and iPad. The iPhone triggered a revolution in mobile computing and became Apple's biggest moneymaker, even as a wide range of device makers released competing products primarily running on Google's free Android software. Most of the world's smartphones are powered by Android, but the iPhone remains a popular high-priced status symbol. Even so, consumers are holding on to their existing iPhones for longer periods instead of upgrading to a newer model every year or two. That has raised investor concerns that Apple has become too dependent on the iPhone, a nagging worry that has been aggravated by the company's inability to introduce another breakthrough product since Jobs' death in 2011. Cook, Jobs' anointed successor, had hoped Apple would have another huge hit with a smartwatch unveiled in 2014, but that device has only had moderate success. Apple's regulatory filing revealed that the company was bracing for a sales drop last year, although not quite as steep as what occurred. The compensation committee for Apple's board of directors had established a revenue goal of $224 billion for last year, which would have been a 4 percent decline from the previous year. The company expected sales to rebound during the holiday shopping season on hopes that consumers would be snapping up its latest iPhones, the 7 and 7 Plus. Apple will release its quarterly results that include the holidays later this month. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge. All rights reserved. Read more on: Apple, iPhone, Tim Cook, Earnings, Smartphones, iOS Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. What's Next for Artificial Intelligence? 2. Hackers Release Malware Tools 3. Connected Cars Bring Security Risks 4. Review: Samsung Gear S3 Classic 5. Concierge Tech Comes to Cruise Line MAY INTEREST YOU ISACA® is dedicated to keeping you informed and helping advance your career. We provide access to key information resources, globally recognized certifications, expert peer network, timely industry research, and premier conferences and events. Sample a six month membership for half the cost today! MORE IN APPLE/MAC 1. iPhone 8: Rumor of the Week 2. Apple Phone Sales Beat Samsung's 3. Tesla Hires Apple's Swift Creator 4. Apple To Make Servers in Arizona 5. Apple: Phone Can Change the World Next Article > Apple Proved a Phone Can Change the World in Just 10 Years By Michael Liedtke PUBLISHED: JANUARY 10 2017 Few people realized it at the time, but the world shifted fundamentally a decade ago when Steve Jobs pulled the first iPhone from Apple's bag of technological tricks. "Every once in a while, a revolutionary product comes along that changes everything," Jobs declared as he paced across a San Francisco stage. It obviously wasn't an empty boast. We all know now that Jobs' "magical product" has reshaped culture, shaken up industries, put computers in billions of pockets and made it possible to do just about anything with a few taps on a screen. Besides its then 3.5-inch touch screen, the first iPhone featured a browser for on-the-go web surfing and built-in apps to check email and get directions. Going Mobile Apple has sold more than 1 billion iPhones since its debut, spawning millions of mobile applications and prodding other technology companies to make similar smartphones that have become like phantom limbs for many of us. We use iPhones and their copycats to instantly share video and pictures with friends and family from almost anywhere. We use them to figure out where we are going. We use them to find the best deals while shopping in stores and to pay for stuff at the checkout stand. We use the phones to a hail ride, to tune instruments, to monitor our health and help find our next jobs. Phones have gotten so smart that they even talk back to us via helpful digital concierges such as the iPhone's Siri and the recently introduced Assistant on Google's Pixel phone. "IPhone is an essential part of our customers' lives, and today more than ever it is redefining the way we communicate, entertain, work and live," Apple's current CEO, Tim Cook, boasted in a retrospective that the Cupertino, California, company posted on its website. Roadkill in Its Wake The iPhone's revolutionary touch screen doomed the BlackBerry, another once-popular internet-connected phone. Mobile phones and their tablet cousins triggered a downturn in personal computer sales that is still unfolding. An estimated 219 million desktop and laptop computers shipped worldwide last year, down from 264 million in 2007, according to the research firm Gartner Inc. Meanwhile, nearly 1.9 billion mobile phones shipped last year, up from 1.15 billion in 2007. All told, Gartner estimates about 5 billion mobile phones are currently in use around the world compared to 1.3 billion PCs. The eroding popularity of PCs spurred shake-ups at powerful tech companies such as Microsoft, Intel, Hewlett-Packard and Dell, none of which adapted nimbly to the mobile world unleashed by the iPhone. Then-Microsoft's CEO Steve Ballmer scoffed at Apple's glass-and-metal gadget, telling USA Today in April 2007 that "there's no chance that the iPhone is going to get any significant market share. No chance." Microsoft wound up squandering the $7.6 billion that it spent to buy phone maker Nokia in a futile attempt to catch up to the iPhone. Ballmer stepped down as CEO three years ago and was replaced by Satya Nadella, who introduced versions of Microsoft's popular Office programs that worked on Apple's iPad -- a tablet based on the iPhone. A Huge Hit ... and then a Stall The iPhone's success helped make Jobs a revered figure for many, and one whose October 2011 death was mourned around the world. The device has established Apple as the world's most profitable company with earnings of $45.7 billion on sales of $216 billion during its latest fiscal year. (Prior to the iPhone's release, Apple posted an annual profit of $2 billion on sales of $19.3 billion.) Its stock-market value is hovering around $635 billion, thanks to a split-adjusted stock price that's risen by nearly a factor of 10 since the iPhone's debut. Lately, though, the iPhone appears to be losing some steam. People are keeping older models for longer before upgrading or switching over to competing phones that run on Google's Android software. Apple suffered its first-ever decline in iPhone sales in its last fiscal year, causing the company to miss its revenue projections and hitting Cook with a 15 percent pay cut . Most smartphones now run on Android, partly because Google gives away the software. That has helped iPhone rivals woo price conscious consumers, especially outside the U.S., with phones that are much cheaper than the iPhone, whose latest models now cost more than $649 to $849. In his statement, though, Cook promised the iPhone is "just getting started. The best is yet to come." © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge. All rights reserved. Read more on: Apple, iPhone, Steve Jobs, Tim Cook, BlackBerry, Smartphones, iOS, Mobile Phones POPULAR IN APPLE/MAC Cook Talks Trump and Coming Macs Apple App Store Sets Sales Record iPhone 8: Rumor of the Week Apple Phone Sales Beat Samsung's Apple To Make Servers in Arizona Tesla Hires Apple's Swift Creator Apple: Phone Can Change the World THE BIG PICTURE Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web NEWSFACTOR.COM Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Big Data CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
GoSearch Replay: KTLA 5 News at 6 KTLA 5 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us KTLA Menu News Morning News Podcasts Contests Traffic Events About Weather 58° 58° Low 49° High 63° Mon 45° 66° Tue 47° 67° Wed 53° 64° See complete forecast The iPhone Turns 10: Apple Insiders Look Back on Journey of Intense Stress, Incredible Success Posted 10:18 AM, January 9, 2017, by CNN Wire, Updated at 10:41AM, January 9, 2017 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email “We’re going to make some history together today.” Apple CEO Steve Jobs demonstrates the iPhone 4 as he delivers the opening keynote address at the 2010 Apple World Wide Developers conference June 7, 2010, in San Francisco. (Credit: Justin Sullivan / Getty Images) With those words on Jan. 9, 2007 — 10 years ago on Monday — Steve Jobs kicked off his presentation to unveil “three revolutionary products.” These included a touch iPod, a better cellphone and a “breakthrough Internet communications device.” Today we know it simply as the iPhone. During the presentation, a group of Apple employees who helped build the original iPhone sat in the audience bracing themselves for disaster. “The memory that I have from that day is doing shots of scotch that we had lined up because the demo was so tenuous,” Andy Grignon, a former Apple employee who was part of the original iPhone team, told CNNMoney. “It wasn’t a sure thing.” After Jobs successfully demoed each feature, the lead designer took a victory shot of scotch. Scrolling through album covers? Shot. Pinch and zoom? Shot. Making a phone call? Shot, shot, shot. “It was this mix of absolute terror and elation,” Grignon said. The presentation went off without a hitch and introduced the world to a product that would indeed make history. A decade later, Apple has sold more than one billion iPhones. The device redefined the smartphone market, gave rise to countless wealthy app developers and propelled Apple to become the world’s most valuable company. In the 2016 fiscal year ending on Sept. 30, Apple’s iPhone sales totaled more than $135 billion, or more than half of its total revenue. The App Store alone, originally created for the iPhone, generated more than $20 billion for developers for the 2016 calendar year. “iPhone set the standard for mobile computing in its first decade and we are just getting started. The best is yet to come,” Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO, said in a statement marking the anniversary. But that incredible success wasn’t obvious to everyone at the time. The baseline model of the original iPhone had just 4GB of space, a hefty $499 price tag, a single wireless carrier option and no App Store, despite the objections of Apple employees who wanted to offer one. “In that particular room, those who were pro Apple believed it had another hit,” said Tim Bajarin, a longtime Apple analyst with Creative Strategies, who attended the original launch event. “But there were a lot of other skeptics.” Chief among them: Microsoft’s then CEO Steve Ballmer, who quite literally laughed off the iPhone when asked about his first impressions of it. “That is the most expensive phone in the world and it doesn’t appeal to business customers because it doesn’t have a keyboard, which makes it not a very good email machine,” Ballmer said in one interview. The skeptics were ultimately proven wrong, but a new wave of skepticism abounds about the continued dominance of the iPhone and Apple nowadays. Some early developers who built apps that made the iPhone indispensable to customers are increasingly disheartened as the App Store becomes more crowded and less conducive to building businesses. “The structure of the store hasn’t changed much,” said Loren Brichter, a former Apple employee who worked on the original iPhone before building popular apps like Tweetie and Letterpress. “It’s hard to create an app now that is both genuinely interesting and economically sustainable, so I’m focusing my efforts elsewhere.” Apple’s iPhone sales declined for the first time last year amid concerns about global smartphone market saturation and a sense that the latest iPhone is a dead ringer for the previous two models. That decline pushed Apple’s overall sales below its goal for the 2016 year. Cook and other Apple executives saw their bonuses cut as a result, according to a company filing last week. Apple is widely rumored to be planning a major overhaul of the iPhone for the tenth-anniversary edition, likely to be unveiled at its usual launch event in September. That may be enough to reignite interest in the iPhone this year, but a decade after Jobs unveiled those “three revolutionary products,” many are hungering for Apple to unveil another breakthrough device. “[The iPhone] put them in the limelight as being one of the most innovative companies, but it puts a level of expectation on Apple that’s almost impossible to meet in that people want them to do it again,” said Bajarin. “To have another hit like the iPhone would be asking way too much.” 37.322998 -122.032182 Filed in: Nation/World Topics: apple, iPhone, steve jobs Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email KTLA 5 News on Instagram Popular Uber Driver Killed, Passenger Critically Injured in 2 Car Hit-And-Run-Crash in South Los Angeles; Driver Identified Georgia Girl, 12, Live-Streams Suicide on Social Media; Police Say They Can’t Stop Video’s Spread Virginia Man Pays Taxes With 300,000 Pennies to ‘Inconvenience’ DMV Autopsy Results Show New Mexico Girl Was Raped and Strangled on Her 10th Birthday, Had STD at Time of Her Death Latest News At Least 26 Inmates Killed in Brazilian Prison Riot Trump Renews Attacks on ‘Saturday Night Live’ After Alec Baldwin Mocks President-Elect’s Press Conference Residents in Riverside County Community Outraged After Family Dog Fatally Shot Riverside Police Seek Men Who Allegedly Tried to Kidnap Woman Technology Nintendo’s Iconic Mario Comes to iPhone for First Time Ever Technology Apple Watch Series 2 Review: A Worthy iPhone Companion Nation/World Apple Delays AirPods Launch 1 Day Before MacBook Event Nation/World Super Mario Run Debuts on Apple Devices Thursday Nation/World Technology Apple Offers Free Battery Replacement for iPhone 6S Shutdown Problem Nation/World Trump Meets With Top Execs From Silicon Valley, Tells Them ‘We’ll Be There for You’ Nation/World Parents Sue Apple, Point to FaceTime in Death of 5-Year-Old Daughter Killed in Texas Car Crash Nation/World Gold-Plated Trump iPhones Now Available to the Super Rich Technology DIRECTV NOW Ditches the Satellite, Lets You Stream Live TV Channels Instead Technology Best Wireless Earbuds for Your Smartphone Nation/World UK Man Has Injected Snake Venom for 30 Years in Attempt to Build Immunity Nation/World Politics Senate Minority Leader Blasts Trump for Hiring ‘Champion of Racial Division’ Steve Bannon Technology Budget Friendly Mi Box Appeals to Cord Cutters Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App KTLA 5 News on Social Media Watch CW Shows Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 5800 Sunset Blvd. Los Angeles, CA, 90028 • Copyright © 2017, KTLA • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Tech Buzz Computing Applications Data Management Hardware Chips Personal Computers Servers Operating Systems Internet Internet of Things Online Entertainment Search Tech Social Networking Web Apps IT Developers IT Leadership Network Management Mobile Tech Mobile Apps Smartphones Tablets Wearable Tech Wireless Networking Reviews Security Cybersecurity Hacking Malware Privacy Technology Audio/Video Emerging Tech Virtual Reality Gaming Home Tech How-To Photography Science Health Space Tech Buzz Tech Law Transportation Tech Blog  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map January 15, 2017 08:08:23 PM PST TechNewsWorld > Tech Buzz | Next Article in Tech Buzz OPINION CES 2017's Magic Print Email By Rob Enderle Jan 9, 2017 10:02 AM PT You dont need an army of developers to create segmented & personalized email campaigns. Klaviyo's advanced features  like automation, AB testing, auto reminders, abandoned cart flows, analytics & more - are designed to drive results. Sign up Free. CES was a fascinating show this year. One of the things that made it so fascinating was that everyone and their brother had cars demonstrating one form of technology or another. It kind of makes me wonder what we'll see at the next car show -- PCs, drones, tablets and smartphones? That wasn't the only surprise at the show, though. Nvidia, long thought of as living in Intel's shadow, broke out, taking over the prime keynote spot in a big way and demonstrating that it has all but cornered the market for car brains. I'll close with my product of the week, the most important product at CES. Dell Embarrasses Apple Apple for decades has rubbed Dell's face in the fact that it builds a better creative set of products. When Apple launched the iPhone, it embarrassed all of CES by pulling virtually all attention away from the show. Well, this year, Dell got even. Dell formally launched two products, the XPS 27 and the Dell Canvas 27, which together make the iMac look like last decade's solution. Which it kind of is if you think about it. Dell got there by bringing in a bunch of artists to help define the products. Animators, musicians and engineers worked together to create their dream tool, basically a touchscreen all-in-one with studio monitor speakers, incredible performance, and a touchscreen work surface that can transform into any digital interface the job requires. This interface can represent everything from digital musical instruments to an animator's canvas and digital ink. It can be pretty much anything the user or an application developer could imagine. The CEO of Avid, along with an animator and a number of musicians, raved about the product at CES, and it made the latest iMac look pitiful in head-to-head comparisons. Now that's revenge served cold. Nvidia Steps Into the Lead Nvidia is now the fastest-growing company in the fortune 500, according to the head of CES, who opened for Nvidia CEO, Jen-Hsun Huang. I don't think many understand how amazing this is. Nvidia has long been viewed as a small player when compared to Intel. Like all of the PC companies, Nvidia bet heavy on mobile and lost badly. After its Tegra mobile platform seemed to crash and burn, many thought Nvidia was done. Then it pivoted like I've never seen a company pivot before. It doubled down on graphics, pushed hard on gaming, and made huge bets on deep learning and artificial intelligence -- and you know what? Those bets paid off -- oh man, did they ever pay off -- and now Nvidia pretty much has the market cornered for self-driving cars, and it supplies a critical part of the deep learning solutions of every major IT vendor. You have to admit that is pretty impressive. Corning's Glass Car One of the most impressive marketing efforts I've ever seen is Corning's "A Day Made Of Glass." It is visionary, and it not only makes you believe in a future with tons of touchscreens and smart windows, but also makes you want to live in that future. Well, Corning pulled out all the stops at CES and commissioned a car with displays all across the dash, in the steering wheel, in the doors, and even replacing the license plate. It is actually a pretty decent car -- racy, electric, and apparently very fast. Sadly, I didn't get to drive it. The Gorilla Glass Windshield is one of the most interesting parts. It not only resists nicks and scratches, as you'd expect, but it is substantially lighter, far clearer, faster to defrost, and works better with heads-up displays. Even the roof is glass -- smart glass, in this case -- that can be electronically shaded. The display license plate makes sense, given that it would be digitally connected to the car, arguably more secure, and could be used to broadcast a signal in the event of a stolen car or driver in distress. Panasonic's Robot Family It never really occurred to me that a true home robot solution would require a family of robots, each with different skills to complete tasks around the house. A small robot to greet you at the door and patrol the home protecting it from bandits could be supplemented by larger robots that could clean and maintain the home. That approach would be far better than trying to build a single robot to do everything, which is often the science fiction solution. The idea of a family of robots, each specialized to do a series of tasks, just makes more sense -- and you have to admit that living with a robot family just seems kind of cool. Given that one of the robots likely would be your autonomous car, the biggest robot could be impressively large. I should add that Panasonic showcased its idea of an autonomous car, and it was more like a rolling sitting room, with tables and chairs. If you don't have to drive, there are likely a lot of other things you'd want to do during that time. AMD's Ryzen and the Power of the Desktop CES marked the coming-out party for AMD's latest processor, now named "Ryzen." The company showcased some of the coolest PCs I've ever seen at its cocktail party, and I honestly had lust in my heart for a large number of them. Most of the PCs on display were water cooled, with water blocks for the major components. Some even had coolant that looked like blood. I thought I'd entered techno geek heaven, and it was hard not to drool every time I turned around. AMD is another company that is firing on all cylinders. Expect to see some amazing hardware when these PCs hit the market in a few months. Wrapping Up I'm writing this after midnight on my last day at the show. I'm beat, but I'm also kind of excited about the future. These products all promise a future when our homes will do much of the work, when we won't care much about traffic because we are being entertained or sleeping and not driving, and when company turnarounds actually work. CES promises that this future not only will be amazing, but also will arrive far sooner than most expect -- and I think that is very cool. The product that most stood out for me at CES is Norton Core, a router and security solution from Symantec. You see, with all of this connected and ever-smarter stuff, we really, really need to be secure -- and our home networks are anything but. What makes the Norton Core router special is that it secures not only against outside attacks, but also against inside attacks, and it is part of an overall solution in the home. It's an overall solution because it is packaged with a subscription that contains 20 licenses for security software for your PCs, smartphones and tablets. Because it uses Qualcomm's latest technology, it's not only a strong security solution, but also is likely one of the highest-performing routers. It will be upgradable to support a mesh network, allowing you to cover even the biggest home with WiFi. It is even pretty cool to look at, bringing back the geodesic dome and placing a halo light at the bottom for effect, so you can feel good about putting it in the open. With all of this connected stuff, we desperately need a better home security solution. With Symantec's Norton Core, we get one -- and thus it is my product of the week. Rob Enderle is a TechNewsWorld columnist and the principal analyst for the Enderle Group, a consultancy that focuses on personal technology products and trends. You can connect with him on Google+. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by Rob Enderle Reader Comments Be the first to comment! Related Stories Nvidia Lays Out Bold Strategy at CES Jan 6, 2017 Google, FCA Test-Drive New Open Source Infotainment System Jan 5, 2017 News Alerts Dell Activate Alert | Search Archives Artificial intelligence Activate Alert | Search Archives Robotics Activate Alert | Search Archives Panasonic Activate Alert | Search Archives Create Your Own News Alerts More in Tech Buzz Gadget Ogling: Floating Speakers, Neckbrace Audio, and Charming Caffeine Fixes Looking Ahead to CES: This Will Be a Big One 2016: The Year That Was Gadget Ogling: Heightened Hearing, Toasty Toes, and Glass Speakers Samsung May Unleash a Beast Waymo Offers Glimpse of Autonomous Chrysler Minivans Free Newsletters from ECT News Network Don't Miss a Story. Get the Latest Headlines Delivered to Your Inbox. Tech News Flash Daily - View Sample E-Commerce Minute Daily - View Sample ECT News Network Weekly Newsletter - View Sample Editor's Pick - View Sample View All More by Rob Enderle How AI Could End Stupid Thanksgiving Arguments One of the Best New VR Things: Buying a Car Why Trump May Be the Better Technology President Election 2016: Either Way, More Drama Apple vs. Microsoft: Remixing the Magic Why Large Companies Can't Innovate Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts If I had a self-driving car, I would most likely use my travel time to... Work Nap Read Watch movies or TV Play video games Connect with friends Nervously watch the road Vote to See Results E-Commerce Times Amazon Growth Spurt to Create 100K New Jobs Apple May Show Up Fashionably Late at the Original TV Party The Crystallization of Salesforce's IoT Strategy Instagram Stories to Feature Video Ads Yahoo Makes Plans Amid Doubts Over Verizon Deal Atlassian Scoops Up Trello for $425 Million Medium Slashes Staff, Aims to Fix 'Broken' Model Apple's Great App Store Sales May Not Signify Much CRM Buyer Top CRM Blogs of 2016: Countdown, Part 1 Oracle's Cloud Strategy: A Fine Balance Eagle Creek CRM Director Sandeep Kadam: What Today's Customers Want New CEO to Guide FinancialForce's Ambitious Growth Plans Customer Service Takes a Turn Engagio CEO Jon Miller: How to Land a Whale Radius CEO Darian Shirazi: Solve for Data Decay Sales, Marketing Poised for AI Revolution LinuxInsider Devs Alerted to Long-Delayed Android Wear 2.0 Reboot Min Browser Muffles the Web's Noise Google, FCA Test-Drive New Open Source Infotainment System Absolute Linux Caters to the Slackware Crowd Docker Delivers Containerd to Open Source Community CrateDB Launches Machine Data Innovations Torvalds Releases Hefty Linux Kernel Update New Smartwatch OS Debuts on GitHub SPONSOR SHOWCASE Marketers - Fill Your Sales Funnel Instantly Access millions of IT and business decision makers. Our full-service global marketing program delivers sales-ready leads. Learn more. ECT News Network on Twitter Tweets about "TechNewsWorld" TechNewsWorld Headlines TechNewsWorld Nintendo Banks on Switch Hit New Facebook Project Aims to Strengthen Journalism Gadget Ogling: The CES Spectacular Edition St. Jude Medical Patches Cardiac Machine's Cybersecurity Flaw Pentagon Battle-Tests Micro Drone Swarm iPhone at 10: The Best Is Yet to Come? Las Vegas Captures Ransomware Crown Nvidia Lays Out Bold Strategy at CES Inside TechNewsWorld Applications Evernote Toes the Privacy Line Microsoft, Qualcomm Tuck Windows 10 Into ARM Devices Microsoft Launches Teams to Foil Office 365 Poachers Computing Android Marshmallow on PC Falls Flat Refracta 8.0 Is a Pint-Sized Powerhouse Gooligan Ransacks More Than 1M Android Accounts Data Management Commerce Dept Signs Up Private Sector IT Partners AvePoint CEO TJ Jiang: Innovation Through Collaboration Social Media Analytics, Meet Big Brother Emerging Tech Crowd Forms on Alexa Bandwagon Bitcoin Rides the Uncertainty Wave Waymo Offers Glimpse of Autonomous Chrysler Minivans Exclusives Aptean SVP Matt Keenan: CRM Needs to Be Intuitive Demandbase's CEO Chris Golec: Finding the Companies That Should Be Buying From You Marketo VP Mike Telem: ABM Lets You Dust Off Old Marketing Techniques Hardware Snapdragon-Powered AR Smartglasses Are the Real Deal Lenovo Surprises With Home Tech Play Looking Ahead to CES: This Will Be a Big One Internet of Things Norton Core Router Gives Home Security a New Design Service in the IoT Era How AI Could End Stupid Thanksgiving Arguments IT Leadership Clinton Issues Clarion Call to Boost Tech in the US Google's 'Area 120' Incubator Aims to Keep Innovation In-House A Dramatic 16 Years for 4 Tech Titans Mobile Tech Salesforce Releases Texting Customer Service Chatbot Apple AirPods Finally Good to Go Microsoft Trumpets Stellar Surface Sales Science Gadget Ogling: Heightened Hearing, Toasty Toes, and Glass Speakers Gates Spearheads $1B Clean Tech Effort MIT's Nightmare Machine Churns Out AI-Generated Horror Spotlight Features Traversing the Social Media Minefield China's Business-Unfriendly Cybersecurity Stance Conspiracy Theories in the Information Age, Part 2 Tech Buzz Gadget Ogling: Floating Speakers, Neckbrace Audio, and Charming Caffeine Fixes 2016: The Year That Was Samsung May Unleash a Beast Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2017 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE How to Save Your SHSH2 Blobs Using Tsschecker (Windows) How to Save Your SHSH2 Blobs Using Tsschecker (Mac) Peter Thiel Confirms 'The Age of Apple is Over' Busy Shapes is Apple's Free App of the Week [Download] Twelve South Unveils New RelaxedLeather Shell Case for the iPhone 7 iPhone 8 to Feature IP68 Water Resistance? KORG Gadget for iOS Makes Its Way to Mac Apple Posts Four New 'iPhone 7 + AirPods' Ads [Video] Safari Users Can't Watch Newly Posted YouTube Videos in 4K Download the Pocket Anatomy App for Free [Deal] Apple Posts New Ad for the Apple Watch Series 2 [Video] Consumer Reports Now Recommends New MacBook Pro Following Retest With Updated Version of MacOS [Video] Ecobee Remote Sensors Can Now Be Used as HomeKit Temperature and Occupancy Sensors Opera Releases New 'Neon' Concept Browser for Mac [Download] Google Announces Updated Ride Services Experience for Google Maps [Video] Apple is Now Accepting tvOS Binaries Up to 4GB in Size Foxconn and Sharp Consider Building LCD Plant in the U.S. Snapchat Gets Universal Search Apple Seeds iOS 10.2.1 Beta 4 to Developers [Download] Apple Seeds macOS Sierra 10.12.3 Beta 4 to Developers [Download] Phil Schiller on the Launch of the Original iPhone LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted January 9, 2017 at 5:56pm by iClarified · 4321 views · Translate Apple SVP Phil Schiller sat down for an interview with Backchannel on the 10th anniversary of the iPhone. He told the site that while Apple knew the iPhone would be big, they didn't realize how big. "We knew we were working on something important that was big to Apple, and that the world was changing around these things in the future. But we didn’t know how big it would be, and we didn’t know how many things would come from it." Schiller also reveals that there was great internal debate on whether the iPhone would be an open or closed system. In the end, there just wasn't time to open the original iPhone to external apps. “He [Steve Jobs] said ‘We don’t have to keep debating this because we can’t have [an open system] right now. Maybe we’ll change our mind afterwards, or maybe we won’t, but for now there isn’t one so let’s envision this world where we solve the problem with great built-in apps and a way for developers to make web apps.” Schiller continues to talk about how the iPhone has changed over the last ten years. He hopes that in 50 years people will look back and say, "Wow, they didn’t realize how much was to come — in fact, others missed it because they were busy running around looking for other things. Everyone has their opinions at this point, but it could be that we’re only in the first minutes of the first quarter of the game. I believe this product is so great that it has many years of innovation ahead." Much more in the full report linked below... Read More Follow iClarified Comments Add Comment Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple As the iPhone turns 10, here are what the first reviews looked like in 2007 Yoni Heisler BGR NewsJanuary 9, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share 10 years ago today, Steve Jobs walked on stage and introduced the world to the iPhone. Without exaggeration, the iPhone forever changed the way we interact with technology, and more broadly speaking, how millions of people across the world live their lives. Everything we use our smartphones for today, whether it be browsing the web, watching movies, downloading apps on the cheap, taking eye-popping photographs, none of it would have been possible without the original iPhone. Don't Miss: All the reasons people are ditching Android and switching to iPhones Even though many of the technologies that shaped the original iPhone were not Apple inventions — with multitouch being a prime example — Apple’s iPhone brought said technologies into the mainstream for the very first time. Even the shape of the original iPhone itself — a rectangle with rounded corners — would soon become the blueprint for nearly all other smartphone manufacturers on the planet. And even though the original iPhone lacked a number of important features at launch, such as support 3G, cut and paste, and a compelling camera, it was nonetheless as impactful and significant of a product as we’ve seen over the last three decades. In light of the iPhone’s 10th anniversary, we’ve gone back in time and have scoured the web for some of the first things that people said about the iPhone, not only after Steve Jobs introduced it, but also what some of the first reviews had to say about the device. Interestingly enough, not all of the first impressions and reviews were overwhelmingly positive. Wired – “Not worth the money” Final verdict: There’s no denying the wow factor, but overall the iPhone isn’t worth the money. For $300 I’d give it the thumbs up, but at $600 you’re better off with something else for half the price. Engadget I just need to get it out of the way: Words cannot describe how incredibly wonderful this thing feels to touch and hold. It is an absolute marvel of engineering. Gorgeous in every way. … Amazingly, just about all facets of the phone’s software work as advertised. Switching from the browser back to the Home screen is a snap; hitting the Home button the middle of a YouTube video is also a snap. Have I mentioned yet that this seems to be a device designed and engineered by angels? Because it is. Daring Fireball The high resolution screen is gorgeous. Helvetica has never, ever looked so good on screen. Everything is very fast, very responsive. When you drag something — whether it’s the slider button to unlock the phone, a zoomed-in photograph, or a web page — the drag keeps up with your finger. I haven’t found a single element of the iPhone UI that doesn’t feel super-snappy. The whole thing feels very realistic. … SAFARI: Excellent mobile web browser. Double-tap to zoom in and out just works, at least on the pages I tried. iPhone Safari seems hyper-aggressive about keeping a low memory and resource footprint. For example, there doesn’t seem to be any sort of cache for the back button; going back loads the page again. The Peanut Gallery – “no stylus or keyboard?!” Going back to Jobs’ iPhone unveiling, some comments and fan reactions from a January 2007 Engadget post are hilarious to look back at: Apparently none of you guys realize how bad of an idea a touch-screen is on a phone. I foresee some pretty obvious and pretty major problems here. I’ll be keeping my Samsung A707, thanks. It’s smaller, it’s got a protected screen, and it’s got proper buttons. And it’s got all the same features otherwise. (Oh, but it doesn’t run a bloatware OS that was never designed for a phone.) Color me massively disappointed. And a few more for good measure: Im not impressed with the iPhone. As a PDA user and a Windows Mobile user, this thing has nothing on my phone. It sure is good at what it was designed for, a phone that entertains and talks… other than that, i dont see much potential. How the hell am I suppose to put appointments on the phone with no stylus or keyboard?! I can sync it with my computer, but when Im on the go, I cant do either! No thanks Apple. Make a real PDA please…. Of course, not everyone can see the future when it’s presented to them. Touch screen buttons? BAD idea. This thing will never work. Wow! An update to the ROCKR! Cool. Oops….(akward.) Read More Steve Ballmer And speaking of folks who couldn’t appreciate that the iPhone was the future, here’s an old classic featuring former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer. BlackBerry was shocked, but not worried As detailed in Jacquie McNish’s 2015 book, Losing the Signal: The Untold Story Behind the Extraordinary Rise and Spectacular Fall of BlackBerry Hardcover, BlackBerry executives were so taken with the iPhone that they initially didn’t even believe the device was technologically feasible. Mike Lazaridis, the founder and vice chairman of BlackBerry at the time, was watching the televised report from his treadmill. “How did they do that?” Lazaridis famously wondered while watching Jobs’ iPhone introduction. Lazardis also thought that all of the iPhone’s functionality would ultimately “collapse the network.” After imploring co-CEO Jim Balsillie to watch the iPhone introduction, Balsillie responded, “It’s OK. We’ll be fine.” Nokia welcomed Apple with open arms Nokia marketing chief Johan Eidhagen welcomed Apple’s foray into the smartphone space. “I think it’s good for the industry,” Eidhagen said. “It’s confirming what we’ve been trying to do at Nokia. We’ve been saying for the last eight years this would change from a phone market into something else. It has become an Internet industry and Apple is just confirming that with this phone.” Tim Bajarin Writing for PC Mag, Bajarin was very impressed with the original iPhone. Multi-touch, as Apple has deployed it here, is a revolutionary user interface and, as with using a mouse for the first time, takes some getting used to. I found that it was very responsive, but I have fat fingers, and in some instances that caused my navigation to be less precise and initiated actions that I did not want. But once you get the hang of it, it works flawlessly. This is especially true of the virtual keyboard. I had to get used to the way any text key is activated, but it was not difficult to learn to make it work well. Also, it uses predictive text software, so many times when you type in a word or even a name from your contacts list, it fetches what it thinks you want. I found that most of the time it was smart enough to know the word or name I was actually trying to type. Trending right now: Top Apple insider says brand new iPad with edgeless display will launch this year All the reasons people are ditching Android and switching to iPhones Video imagines a revolutionary new iOS 11 interface on the iPhone 8 See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech 2017 Honda Accord Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update International Business Times Showdown in the South China Sea: China’s artificial islands explained Digital Trends Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Got 50 bucks burning a hole in your pocket? Here’s the best tech to spend it on Digital Trends $40 device doubles the storage of your 32GB iPhone 7 or 7 Plus BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     BUSINESS NEWS FOR TECHNOLOGY DECISION-MAKERS. UPDATED 8 MINUTES AGO. Home Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Contributed Content You are here: Home / Apple/Mac / Cook's Pay Slumps After Down Year Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Apple CEO Tim Cook's Pay Slumps Along with iPhone Sales By Michael Liedtke PUBLISHED: JANUARY 09 2017 Apple penalized CEO Tim Cook for the iPhone maker's first sales slump in 15 years with a 15 percent pay cut. Cook [seen here] still did extremely well, with a compensation package valued at $8.7 million for Apple's fiscal year that ended Sept. 24, according to a regulatory filing made Friday. But the amount was down from nearly $10.3 million in the prior year. The Cupertino, California, company cited a downturn in Apple's revenue and operating profit as the main reason it cut the pay of Cook and its other top executives. Apple's revenue dropped 8 percent to $216 billion, while its operating profit declined 16 percent to $60 billion. That was mainly because it sold fewer iPhones for the first time since the device came out in 2007. It also marked the first time that Apple's annual revenue decreased since 2001, which was just before the company's late co-founder and CEO Steve Jobs unveiled the iPod. That digital music player set the stage for the iPhone and iPad. The iPhone triggered a revolution in mobile computing and became Apple's biggest moneymaker, even as a wide range of device makers released competing products primarily running on Google's free Android software. Most of the world's smartphones are powered by Android, but the iPhone remains a popular high-priced status symbol. Even so, consumers are holding on to their existing iPhones for longer periods instead of upgrading to a newer model every year or two. That has raised investor concerns that Apple has become too dependent on the iPhone, a nagging worry that has been aggravated by the company's inability to introduce another breakthrough product since Jobs' death in 2011. Cook, Jobs' anointed successor, had hoped Apple would have another huge hit with a smartwatch unveiled in 2014, but that device has only had moderate success. Apple's regulatory filing revealed that the company was bracing for a sales drop last year, although not quite as steep as what occurred. The compensation committee for Apple's board of directors had established a revenue goal of $224 billion for last year, which would have been a 4 percent decline from the previous year. The company expected sales to rebound during the holiday shopping season on hopes that consumers would be snapping up its latest iPhones, the 7 and 7 Plus. Apple will release its quarterly results that include the holidays later this month. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge. All rights reserved. Read more on: Apple, iPhone, Tim Cook, Earnings, Smartphones, iOS Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. What's Next for Artificial Intelligence? 2. Retail: More Pay, Greater Confidence 3. iPhone 8: Rumor of the Week 4. Can Faraday Future Build a Car? 5. B2B Content Marketing Success MAY INTEREST YOU Your data is your most valuable asset, so Find out how to disaster-proof it with eVault, providing data backup and recovery for business. MORE IN APPLE/MAC 1. iPhone 8: Rumor of the Week 2. Apple Phone Sales Beat Samsung's 3. Tesla Hires Apple's Swift Creator 4. Apple To Make Servers in Arizona 5. Apple: Phone Can Change the World Next Article > Apple Proved a Phone Can Change the World in Just 10 Years By Michael Liedtke PUBLISHED: JANUARY 10 2017 Few people realized it at the time, but the world shifted fundamentally a decade ago when Steve Jobs pulled the first iPhone from Apple's bag of technological tricks. "Every once in a while, a revolutionary product comes along that changes everything," Jobs declared as he paced across a San Francisco stage. It obviously wasn't an empty boast. We all know now that Jobs' "magical product" has reshaped culture, shaken up industries, put computers in billions of pockets and made it possible to do just about anything with a few taps on a screen. Besides its then 3.5-inch touch screen, the first iPhone featured a browser for on-the-go web surfing and built-in apps to check email and get directions. Going Mobile Apple has sold more than 1 billion iPhones since its debut, spawning millions of mobile applications and prodding other technology companies to make similar smartphones that have become like phantom limbs for many of us. We use iPhones and their copycats to instantly share video and pictures with friends and family from almost anywhere. We use them to figure out where we are going. We use them to find the best deals while shopping in stores and to pay for stuff at the checkout stand. We use the phones to a hail ride, to tune instruments, to monitor our health and help find our next jobs. Phones have gotten so smart that they even talk back to us via helpful digital concierges such as the iPhone's Siri and the recently introduced Assistant on Google's Pixel phone. "IPhone is an essential part of our customers' lives, and today more than ever it is redefining the way we communicate, entertain, work and live," Apple's current CEO, Tim Cook, boasted in a retrospective that the Cupertino, California, company posted on its website. Roadkill in Its Wake The iPhone's revolutionary touch screen doomed the BlackBerry, another once-popular internet-connected phone. Mobile phones and their tablet cousins triggered a downturn in personal computer sales that is still unfolding. An estimated 219 million desktop and laptop computers shipped worldwide last year, down from 264 million in 2007, according to the research firm Gartner Inc. Meanwhile, nearly 1.9 billion mobile phones shipped last year, up from 1.15 billion in 2007. All told, Gartner estimates about 5 billion mobile phones are currently in use around the world compared to 1.3 billion PCs. The eroding popularity of PCs spurred shake-ups at powerful tech companies such as Microsoft, Intel, Hewlett-Packard and Dell, none of which adapted nimbly to the mobile world unleashed by the iPhone. Then-Microsoft's CEO Steve Ballmer scoffed at Apple's glass-and-metal gadget, telling USA Today in April 2007 that "there's no chance that the iPhone is going to get any significant market share. No chance." Microsoft wound up squandering the $7.6 billion that it spent to buy phone maker Nokia in a futile attempt to catch up to the iPhone. Ballmer stepped down as CEO three years ago and was replaced by Satya Nadella, who introduced versions of Microsoft's popular Office programs that worked on Apple's iPad -- a tablet based on the iPhone. A Huge Hit ... and then a Stall The iPhone's success helped make Jobs a revered figure for many, and one whose October 2011 death was mourned around the world. The device has established Apple as the world's most profitable company with earnings of $45.7 billion on sales of $216 billion during its latest fiscal year. (Prior to the iPhone's release, Apple posted an annual profit of $2 billion on sales of $19.3 billion.) Its stock-market value is hovering around $635 billion, thanks to a split-adjusted stock price that's risen by nearly a factor of 10 since the iPhone's debut. Lately, though, the iPhone appears to be losing some steam. People are keeping older models for longer before upgrading or switching over to competing phones that run on Google's Android software. Apple suffered its first-ever decline in iPhone sales in its last fiscal year, causing the company to miss its revenue projections and hitting Cook with a 15 percent pay cut . Most smartphones now run on Android, partly because Google gives away the software. That has helped iPhone rivals woo price conscious consumers, especially outside the U.S., with phones that are much cheaper than the iPhone, whose latest models now cost more than $649 to $849. In his statement, though, Cook promised the iPhone is "just getting started. The best is yet to come." © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge. All rights reserved. Read more on: Apple, iPhone, Steve Jobs, Tim Cook, BlackBerry, Smartphones, iOS, Mobile Phones POPULAR IN APPLE/MAC Cook Talks Trump and Coming Macs Apple App Store Sets Sales Record iPhone 8: Rumor of the Week Apple Phone Sales Beat Samsung's Apple To Make Servers in Arizona Tesla Hires Apple's Swift Creator Apple: Phone Can Change the World THE BIG PICTURE Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Small Business Innovation E-Commerce NEWSFACTOR BUSINESS REPORT Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 6875 77 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Culture-defining iPhone turns 10 Steve Jobs proudly offered one of the first iPhones backstage, beaming as he asked for feedback on Apple's groundbreaking smartphone. Post to Facebook Culture-defining iPhone turns 10 Steve Jobs proudly offered one of the first iPhones backstage, beaming as he asked for feedback on Apple's groundbreaking smartphone.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2iaUjQj {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 7 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Culture-defining iPhone turns 10 Jon Swartz , USA TODAY Published 11:47 a.m. ET Jan. 9, 2017 | Updated 2:58 p.m. ET Jan. 10, 2017 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Apple's iPhone turns 10 in 2017--a look back at the most ground-breaking tech device of our generation, suggests USA TODAY's Jefferson Graham on #TalkingTech. Steve Jobs at the iPhone launch in January 2007. (Photo: David Paul Morris, Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO — Steve Jobs proudly offered one of the first iPhones backstage, beaming as he asked for feedback on Apple's groundbreaking smartphone. It was a decade ago today, at the Moscone Center here, and Apple's iconic co-founder had a hunch it was about to change computing as we know it. In a sit-down interview with USA TODAY, Jobs made a convincing case, demonstrating how iPhone users could make calls while viewing content on the Web and exchanging e-mail — all at the same time. "This is a revolutionary product that has the chance to really impact people's lives," Jobs told me, comparing the iPhone to the original Macintosh and iPod. "This is the ultimate digital device." USATODAY Jobs unveils long-awaited iPhone - USATODAY.com Jobs' words proved prophetic. Analyst Tim Bajarin, who was in the audience that Tuesday morning, was instantly convinced Apple would create a new category in mobile computing. "We had mini computers, desktop computers and now with the iPhone, pocket computers," he recalls. I felt it could be Apple's biggest hit ever." In the decade since its inception — it was announced in Jan. 9 but did not ship until June 2007 — iPhone redefined the burgeoning smartphone market, kick-started Apple into years of hyper-growth and became the flagship product of the company known for bringing Macintosh to the world. Roughly two-thirds of Apple's revenue comes from iPhone. Along the way, Apple ushered in the App Store and sold more than 1 billion iPhones, propelling it to a current market value of $628.7 billion. “iPhone set the standard for mobile computing in its first decade and we are just getting started," Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a statement. "The best is yet to come.” The rise of iPhone meant the demise of BlackBerry, at one time the leading mobile device, and a reordering of smartphone designs. Samsung was among several vendors to closely hew the iPhone's distinctive design, leading to a years-long legal dispute that ended in the U.S. Supreme Court. (Samsung won.) “The iPhone completely changed the way businesses connect with their customers. We’ve only scratched the surface in terms of mobile engagement and personalization,” says Localytics CEO Raj Aggarwal, who worked alongside Jobs on the launch of the iPhone. The FBI also had a keen interest in the phone, and its contents, when it pressed Apple to unlock the iPhone of one of the San Bernardino, Calif., terrorists. Apple declined, sparking a national debate on the security vs. privacy of consumers. (Apple won.) "The engineering is in the background, so the front end is really easy to use, with just a swipe or a poke of the finger," says Peter Krapp, professor of film & media studies at the University of California, Irvine. “That’s the success of the iPhone and why it’s has been so colonizing over the last decade.” Not every product is unflappable, however. Apple CEO Tim Cook at the iPhone 7 introduction last year.  (Photo: Jon Swartz, for USA TODAY) As the worldwide smartphone market saturated and copycat competition from cheaper models intensified in Asia, iPhone sales slackened the past few quarters, depressing Apple's overall revenue. Analysts accustomed to blow-out iPhone sales began to scale back their estimates. Even iPhone, which wowed consumers and corporations with technology such as an all-touch interface; Siri; Touch ID, its fingerprint identity sensor; and dual-lens Portrait photo mode, has been criticized for incremental innovation updates of late. Indeed, the death of Jobs in October 2011 underscored such sentiment. His passing, for some, symbolized the end of a brilliant decade-long stretch in which Jobs introduced iPod, iPhone and iPad. But, like Apple and Jobs, iPhone may be in store for a comeback. Things could change dramatically in September when Apple is expected to unveil the 10th-anniversary iPhone, which could feature a radical redesign and augmented- and virtual-reality features, says Crawford Del Prete, an analyst at market researcher IDC. "AR and VR would certainly differentiate the iPhone platform to get people excited and jumpstart sales," Del Prete says. It just might be the kind of evolutionary consumer-electronic blockbuster it was in the beginning. Just as Jobs predicted 10 years ago today. Follow USA TODAY San Francisco Bureau Chief Jon Swartz @jswartz on Twitter. USA TODAY The 10 biggest moments in the history of iPhone 6875 CONNECTTWEET 77 LINKEDIN 7 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2iaUjQj NEVER MISS OUT Tech Be the earliest adopter. Know what’s in, what’s out, and what’s awesome before anyone else does, Monday-Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Tech NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 116 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest The 10 biggest moments in the history of iPhone Apple co-founder Steve Jobs unveiled the smartphone on Jan. 9, 2007. Post to Facebook The 10 biggest moments in the history of iPhone Apple co-founder Steve Jobs unveiled the smartphone on Jan. 9, 2007.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2ib2xro {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs The 10 biggest moments in the history of iPhone Brett Molina , USA TODAY Published 12:31 p.m. ET Jan. 9, 2017 | Updated 2:18 p.m. ET Jan. 9, 2017 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Apple's iPhone turns 10 in 2017--a look back at the most ground-breaking tech device of our generation, suggests USA TODAY's Jefferson Graham on #TalkingTech. A group of iPhones released through the product's 10-year history. (Photo: Apple) On Jan. 9, 2007, Apple introduced the world to the iPhone. With its all-touch interface and sleek design, the iPhone took a very different approach to the smartphone, which had been defined by front-runners like BlackBerry. Ten years later, the iPhone is perhaps the most important device launched this century. It made smartphones a must-own device, and helped to transform how we live. Practically everything we do is through a smartphone, and the iPhone is a big reason for this shift. So how did we get here? Here's a look at the 10 most important moments in the iPhone's history. 1. Steve Jobs unveils the iPhone During a keynote at the MacWorld expo in 2007, the co-founder and CEO at the time says the concept was inspired by computers, with bitmap screens that could display any user interface and a pointer like the mouse. That's why the iPhone ditched keyboards. As for the pointer, Jobs opted for the pointing device "we're all born with": our fingers. This is also the moment we learned Jobs really hated using a stylus. A 4GB model (yes, a smartphone with 4 GB of storage really existed) sold for $499, and the 8 GB model sold for $599 when they launched in the U.S. in June 2007. Roughly two months after launch, Apple had sold 1 million iPhones. 2. Apple launches App Store The launch of the iPhone 3G also marked the debut of the App Store, where users could download third-party applications, either free or paid. Apps like Shazam and Pandora were among the early hits. Remember games like Tap Tap Revenge? It got its start on the App Store, too. Downloads topped 10 million during the App Store's opening weekend. Last year, Apple revenue App Store downloads topped 130 billion. It's the reason why many of us can't let go of our smartphones. 3. The birth of Android With the touchscreen and app store, smartphone makers like BlackBerry and Palm struggled to compete with Apple. Then Google decided to create its own smartphone operating system, called Android. It launched in September 2008 with the T-Mobile G1 before other smartphone makers including HTC, Motorola and most notably Samsung jumped on board. Android is now Apple's chief rival when it comes to choosing a smartphone operating system. Android and iOS represent a 98% share of the worldwide smartphone market, according to IDC. 4. Antennagate When the iPhone 4 launched in 2010, several consumers reported issues where the signal would quickly drop when you covered part of the steel band encasing the device. Apple confirmed "Antennagate" was a real thing, urging consumers to avoid gripping the lower left corner of the phone to avoid drops in reception. Apple would offer free cases and full refunds to customers who no longer wanted the phone because of the reception problems. Steve Jobs called the problems with the antenna overblown. "Maybe everybody thought we were perfect and that it would be fun to jump on this," Jobs said during a 2010 press briefing. "We're not perfect, but we figure it out pretty fast." 5. Verizon jumps on board Remember when the iPhone was only available on AT&T? After more than 3 years after launch, the iPhone would finally make its debut on Verizon's network, with the iPhone 4. Later than year, the iPhone would launch on Sprint's network, followed by T-Mobile in 2013. 6. Siri makes her debut Before Alexa and Google Assistant, Apple brought its digital voice assistant to life through the iPhone 4S in 2011. Siri could answer basic questions, and integrated with third-party apps like Google Maps. There was also that fun moment where you could ask Siri where to hide a body. Ask Siri now? "Very funny," it responds. 7. The September events Like the start of the NFL season or fall TV, everyone knows it's September when you hear the first details of Apple's special iPhone event. They started this in 2013 with the unveiling of the iPhone 5 and 5C. It works masterfully: host an event followed by the launch of the new phone two weeks later. 8. The rise of Samsung Galaxy Apple already had a clear rival in Google when it comes to smartphone software. But it wasn't until Samsung rolled out its Galaxy line that the tech giant found a real competitor in hardware. The electronics giant offered several features, including larger screens, giving consumers a tough decision on choosing a smartphone. We can also thank Samsung in part for the next big moment on this list. 9. Touchscreen goes big As competitors started to expand the sizes of their smartphone touchscreens, Apple followed suit with the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. Originally at 4 inches, the iPhone touchscreen grew to 4.7 inches on the iPhone 6 and 5.5 inches on the iPhone 6 Plus. 10. Apple vs the FBI The iPhone became center of a battle over privacy and security when the Federal Bureau of Investigation urged Apple to unlock a smartphone owned by one of the gunmen in a terrorist attack in San Bernardino, Calif. Apple refused, claiming it would create a back door impacting any one with an iPhone. The FBI eventually found a way to bypass the locked iPhone, but has yet to reveal how it broke in. USA TODAY FBI blacks out most details on hack of terrorist's iPhone Follow Brett Molina on Twitter: @brettmolina23. Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Rumors for Apple's iPhone 8 include a larger, edge-to-edge organic LED screen, wireless charging, and augmented reality technology. Video provided by TheStreet Newslook 116 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2ib2xro NEVER MISS OUT Tech Be the earliest adopter. Know what’s in, what’s out, and what’s awesome before anyone else does, Monday-Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Tech NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 8 TV app AirPods MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro You are here: Home > Apple celebrates ten years of the iPhone, Tim Cook says ‘the best is yet to come’ Apple celebrates ten years of the iPhone, Tim Cook says ‘the best is yet to come’ January 9, 2017 Peter Cao Leave a comment This year marks the ten year anniversary of the iPhone and Apple is beginning its celebrations starting today. A decade ago today, Steve Jobs unveiled the revolutionary iPhone to the world and today Apple is looking back at how revolutionary the device actually was. In the press release, Apple began by quoting Jobs’ iconic phrase when launching the iPhone, “a widescreen iPod with touch controls, a revolutionary mobile phone and a breakthrough internet communications device.” The company then moves on to say that it has sold over one billion units and that the iPhone has created new product categories such as the Apple Watch. Apple also touts that it now has millions of apps on the App Store that are essential to people’s daily lives. However, Apple CEO Tim Cook says that while the iPhone was and still is revolutionary, “the best has yet to come” for the iPhone. “iPhone is an essential part of our customers’ lives, and today more than ever it is redefining the way we communicate, entertain, work and live,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “iPhone set the standard for mobile computing in its first decade and we are just getting started. The best is yet to come.” Phill Schiller adds on by saying that the iPhone is the “gold standard” for smartphones and that every other smartphone is compared against it. “It is amazing that from the very first iPhone through to today’s newest iPhone 7 Plus, it has remained the gold standard by which all other smartphones are judged. For many of us, iPhone has become the most essential device in our lives and we love it,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “iPhone is how we make voice and FaceTime calls, how we shoot and share Live Photos and 4K videos, how we listen to streaming music, how we use social media, how we play games, how we get directions and find new places, how we pay for things, how we surf the web, do email, manage our contacts and calendars, how we listen to podcasts, watch TV, movies and sports, and how we manage our fitness and health. iPhone has become all of these things and more. And I believe we are just getting started.” The iPhone has definitely changed the world but it’s not over yet. The tenth anniversary iPhone is set to launch later this year, and here’s everything we know. Tags: iPhone, Phil Schiller, Steve Jobs, Tim Cook About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← KGI: Three new iPad models coming in next quarter, will help declining tablet sales Apple’s ‘golden path’ for the iPhone keynote, Wi-Fi and cellular tricks that prevented the 2007 iPhone keynote from failing → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Review: An AirPods review from an audiophile's perspective4 Apple features wallpapers for iPhone, iPad, and Mac to celebrate Chinese New Year1 Survey says the iPhone is the most popular gift on 2016 Christmas holiday wish lists1 Hands-on: First impression with AirPods1 Apple to exclusively use Samsung AMOLED panels for its 5.8-inch iPhone next year1 Report: Apple's AirPods and Beats wireless headphones make up 40% of recent Bluetooth headphone sales1 Foxconn begins automating its production lines, plans to automate entire factories1 KGI: 2017 iPhone will likely have glass front and back, stainless steel on premium models2 Apple Pay adds an additional 17 banks and credit unions in the U.S.1 Apple publishes first research paper focused on AI and advanced image recognition1 PhoneDog OEMs: Quit omitting the dang headphone jack The most iconic smartphones of the past decade Xiaomi Air 13 Laptop Review Moto holding MWC event on February 26 Samsung Galaxy S8 expected to include 3.5mm headphone jack Andy Rubin said to be prepping new high-end smartphone that supports hardware add-ons Sprint will give you $200 when you switch carriers and sign up for an unlimited plan Android And Me Motorola hosting MWC event on February Samsung Galaxy S8 may have a headphone Andy Rubin working on an AI-focused, Sprint offering $200 to switch carriers Top 10 Android app updates this week: ZTE will launch an Android Wear watch HTC cutting down on new smartphones TmoNews Florida woman drives SUV into T-Mobile HTC U Ultra is a new Android phablet T-Mobile rolls out LTE upgrades in Washington, ZTE Axon 7 Mini receiving update with Upcoming T-Mobile Tuesday will include Next week’s T-Mobile Tuesday includes T-Mobile CEO John Legere makes his predictions PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
hypebot digital music and the music business Home D.I.Y. Music Tech Social Media Music Biz More News MusicThinkTank Never Miss A Beat! Stay Connected With Hypebot.com « Is CES The New SXSW? | Main | James McMurtry On State of Texas, State Of The Music Business Plus The Digital Tip Jar [INTERVIEW] » Artist vs. Songs: Building An Identity In The Streaming Era As 2016 drew to a close, much of the industry animosity targeted at streaming seems to have been replaced with a largely favorable outlook. Here Nick Susi examines the state streaming today and what its long-term impact might be. ___________________________ Guest Post by Nick Susi, creative strategist in music & media on Rethink Music Entering 2017, a popular topic of conversation has been focused on streaming’s impact on the music industry. It wasn’t long ago that the industry and media coverage of streaming had a widely negative connotation wrapped around it. 2014 ended in Taylor Swift’s stand against Spotify’s royalty payments. 2015 ended in David Lowery’s $150 million class action lawsuit against Spotify. Here we are only a year or so later and the conversation surrounding streaming has shifted to a largely positive outlook. Streaming has now driven a favorable increase in global recorded revenues, with Spotify and Apple combined driving $7 billion with over 60 million subscribers. Although attitudes toward streaming have been increasingly positive, the era of streaming is still largely nascent. The long-term impact is entirely unknown. How Engaged Are Streamers Anyway? There are a number of factors that make it difficult to estimate per-stream rates. Varied rates by country, paid subscriber rates vs unpaid subscriber rates, and so on. There are reports that have been released in 2016 providing esti mates, with Spotify’s worldwide average being roughly $0.006-0.0084 (~$6,000-8,400 per million streams) and Apple Music’s being roughly $0.005643 (~$5,643 per million streams). I have been asking myself though, what is the actual long-term value to the artist for garnering these millions of streams on an individual song? What is the likelihood of replicating the streaming success of one artist’s song into their next release? I began tracking and monitoring a few releases over the course of 2016 through Spotify’s Fan Insights. I started to notice that in many cases, the number of streams that an artist was receiving in a given month, that that number was nearly the same number of streams that the artist was receiving within playlists in the same month. Meaning, the user experience of listening to that artist was almost always within a streaming platform’s major playlist, where that artist was only 1 of 20 to 100+ other artists. This user interaction with the artist is a passive impression, wherein the user has chosen to engage with a playlist’s purpose and context, like New Music Friday or Release Radar for discovery, or Cardio for the gym, more so than the direct intent to engage with a particular artist. And that the conversion rate of a user taking a further step towards a meaningful engagement with that artist, such as venturing outside that playlist to see who the artist is and listening to the rest of their catalogue, was incredibly low. This is all to say that when the user’s primary interaction with a given artist is only within a playlist, even if that user has chosen to save or add that artist to their own playlist, there is no identity building for that artist. Who they are, what they look like, what their story is, and so on. Will Bloomfield, manager of One Direction, recently supported this notion stating, “Our greatest challenge is breaking artists [...] You’re not even in the artist’s eco-systems anymore. You’re in ‘Fresh Hits’ or ‘Spotify Dance’ for example or whatever other playlist you’re listening to. We have to think about how we convert a song in a playlist into the next arena or stadium act.” If the streaming ecosystem is showing trends in user behavior towards the discovery of songs within the purpose and context of a playlist, over strengthening the identity of individual artists, what might the long-term impact be? Is there a disparity growing between the success of an artist versus the success of a song? And how can artists and streaming services better work together to build stronger identity into the streaming ecosystem, interface and user experience? Well, What Do The Kids Want? I began to take a more granular look at this trend, conducting a few one-on-one interviews with middle school to high school age students. I asked them about their weekly listening habits. How they discover music, what their relationship is with streaming, and so on. Trends began to emerge in their responses. The sheer amount of music they consumed on a day-to-day basis was impressive. The limitless, always-on access that streaming gave them to listen to any music at any time made them excited to discover songs that they may not have listened to otherwise. Indie, jazz, soul, hip-hop, electronic – they listened to virtually every style and genre of music. They were discovery-obsessed, looking at music as a talking point among their friends, almost as if it were a competition to see who would be the first and the fastest to come upon a new song before the rest of their peers. More often than not, the music served as a background soundtrack for a specific mood or moment while another activity took place, like working or reading or playing video games. And the vast majority of this listening occurred within playlists filled with single songs, versus listening to entire albums. I thought, surely though, there must be at least one artist that each of these students actively seek out and consider themselves that artist’s “super fan.” I asked each of them, despite largely listening to single songs in playlists, who is their favorite artist that resonates with them and why? The most common responses were Chance The Rapper and Kendrick Lamar. Interestingly, much of their feedback had less to do with the artists’ actual music, or even their celebrity. Instead, they were drawn what these artists stood for in relation to politics, race, independence in the music industry at large, and how those viewpoints aligned with their own belief systems and aspirations. But the most interesting and peculiar answer came from a student who named not a single artist. Instead, he rattled off a few very specific sub-genres and subcultures of music that he was obsessed with at the moment. He cited a collective of minimal electronic artists he recently found on Soundcloud, as well as a community of basement noise punk bands from close to his hometown in New Jersey that were starting to receive considerable critical acclaim. While this particular response was an extreme example within a relatively small sample size of students, all of the students’ feedback did point strongly towards the same trends. Their behavior favored the importance of the purpose and context of listening, with an added layer of cultural and communal significance and how the collection of songs, more so than any one specific artist, were a reflection of the listener’s own life story, choices, interests, aspirations and ideologies. If the streaming ecosystem and user experience is largely playlist-based for often passive listening, is it offering artists, especially at an emerging to mid level, the necessary tools to build identity in this way that is resonating with the user beyond what the music sounds like? How Powerful Is Curation? Coming up on their sixth anniversary, Soulection has been leveraging this notion of cultivating a community and culture through curation. Functioning as a hybrid between a record label, creative collective, events promoter and radio show, they have been fostering a very specific sub-culture and community in Los Angeles. The name Soulection has come to stand for something palpable. They sit at the convergence of underground west coast off-kilter hip hop and electronic beats, cut from a similar cloth of Stones Throw Records. This movement is not necessarily something they have started from scratch on their own. Rather, they tapped into a community that already existed and through the medium of music, empowered the culture and its voice to grow and scale exponentially through the platforms they provide. They curate an Apple Beats 1 radio show, collaborate with lifestyle brands like Stussy, curate events with brands like Red Bull, and curate a constant output of new White Label Series EPs, singles and playlists. Their work to empower this community in many ways transcends the specific individual artists they represent. Just take a look at the size of Soulection’s aggregate digital-social following in comparison to the artists they represent. This idea of cultural curation as a business model should not be underestimated. It feeds into this idea of a discovery-obsessed user. Soulection is not the only one finding benefit in this. On a smaller scale, Noon Pacific falls somewhere between the lines of a singles label and a blog. They act as a subscription service that releases a playlist of new song discoveries every week, directly into the user’s inbox. On a larger level, major labels are beginning to grab up successful singles within their roster that are not dedicated to a specific artist’s album, and creating compilation-esque “playlist albums” around these songs. The major labels are essentially leveraging single songs’ streaming successes to propel these playlists into album-based charts. For example, this past summer, Epic Records took some of their top performing singles, including DJ Khaled’s “For Free” feat. Drake and French Montana’s “Lockjaw” feat. Kodak Black, and packaged them up into a playlist titled Epic AF. The success of the playlist, by virtue of each single’s streaming success, caused the playlist to spend four weeks in the Top 10 of the Billboard 200, based off streams alone and no sales at all. These models are likely to become even more ubiquitous - tapping into specific subcultures through the music that embodies them, and packaging these songs into playlists with clear context and purpose for discovering and supporting these communities. This method is clearly leading to budding businesses and charting success for curators, but what does this mean for creators? Curation has always served an important purpose throughout the history of commercial music, and streaming and playlisting culture has significantly raised the importance and impact of curation. But has the curation of a collective gained equal or more importance than the creation by an individual? (We will continue exploring the future impact of streaming next week in Part II.) Related articles Taylor Swift's Newest Album "1989" Will Be Available On Apple Music This Week in Music Commentary How To Stay Productive During the Holidays? 5 Things Small Business Owners Can Learn From Taylor Swift Napster Founder, Spotify Board Member Sean Parker On Apple Music, Taylor Swift And The Music Industry Taylor Swift's 10 Best Instagram Pictures of 2016 WATCH: 'Fifty Shades Darker' extended trailer features Taylor Swift, Zayn song Taylor Swift Surprises 96-Year-Old Veteran For Christmas Posted by Guest Post on 01/09/2017 in D.I.Y., Marketing, More News, Music Business, Streaming & Cloud | Permalink Comments Artist vs. Songs: Building An Identity In The Streaming Era As 2016 drew to a close, much of the industry animosity targeted at streaming seems to have been replaced with a largely favorable outlook. Here Nick Susi examines the state streaming today and what its long-term impact might be. View the entire comment thread. Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. TOP POSTS • James McMurtry On State Of TX, State Of Music Biz, The Digital Tip Jar • Artist vs Songs: Building Identity In Streaming Era • Ed Sheeran + Snapchat = 21st Century Radio • Blockchain For Music: Promise & Problems • Album Release Checklist Categories Ad Supported Apps & Mobile Broadcast & Satellite Conventions & Awards D.I.Y. Downloads & P2P How I Listen Indie Labels Interviews Jobs & Internships Live & Touring Major Labels Marketing More News Music 2.0 Music Biz Podcast Music Business Music Tech Music Think Tank Publishing Retail Social Media Startups Streaming & Cloud The Pitch Video See More Musician & Music Industry Resources Click Here Recent Posts This Week In Music Commentary Getting It Done: The Week In D.I.Y & Indie Music Music Think Tank Weekly Recap: Music In World Cultures • Car Audio System • Earn As Much As Possible • More REWIND: The New Music Industry’s Week In Review TOP POSTS: This Week's Most Read Posts On Hypebot Spotify , Pandora, YouTube Top 10 App Earners In 2016 Proving That Freemium Still Works Why Bonnaroo Will And Should Never Be Coachella How To Survive The Music Industry In 2017 Why So Many Music Startups Fail And What We Can Do About It Hand Drawn Pressing Brings New Technology To Vinyl Records <a href="http://finance.yahoo.com">Yahoo! Finance</a><br/><a href="http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=AAPL">Quote for AAPL</a> SEARCH HYPEBOT Recent Comments Nightcore on Music Think Tank Weekly Recap: Music In World Cultures • Car Audio System • Earn As Much As Possible • More Bruce Houghton on Spotify , Pandora, YouTube Top 10 App Earners In 2016 Proving That Freemium Still Works Truthy on How To Survive The Music Industry In 2017 Truthy on Spotify , Pandora, YouTube Top 10 App Earners In 2016 Proving That Freemium Still Works David Gerard on Why So Many Music Startups Fail And What We Can Do About It Derek Ball on Why So Many Music Startups Fail And What We Can Do About It Bruce Houghton on Spotify , Pandora, YouTube Top 10 App Earners In 2016 Proving That Freemium Still Works Jon Hockley on Spotify , Pandora, YouTube Top 10 App Earners In 2016 Proving That Freemium Still Works David Sherbow on Why So Many Music Startups Fail And What We Can Do About It Joy on The Many Ways Of Accepting Payment For Your Music and Merch [HOW TO] More Info About & Contact Advertise On Hypebot Privacy Policy Skyline Music Affiliate Links The Hypebot Team    &nbspVIDEOS      These videos... hypebot Powered by Typepad
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED 8 MINUTES AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / Apple/Mac / Cook's Pay Slumps After Down Year Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Apple CEO Tim Cook's Pay Slumps Along with iPhone Sales By Michael Liedtke PUBLISHED: JANUARY 09 2017 Apple penalized CEO Tim Cook for the iPhone maker's first sales slump in 15 years with a 15 percent pay cut. Cook [seen here] still did extremely well, with a compensation package valued at $8.7 million for Apple's fiscal year that ended Sept. 24, according to a regulatory filing made Friday. But the amount was down from nearly $10.3 million in the prior year. The Cupertino, California, company cited a downturn in Apple's revenue and operating profit as the main reason it cut the pay of Cook and its other top executives. Apple's revenue dropped 8 percent to $216 billion, while its operating profit declined 16 percent to $60 billion. That was mainly because it sold fewer iPhones for the first time since the device came out in 2007. It also marked the first time that Apple's annual revenue decreased since 2001, which was just before the company's late co-founder and CEO Steve Jobs unveiled the iPod. That digital music player set the stage for the iPhone and iPad. The iPhone triggered a revolution in mobile computing and became Apple's biggest moneymaker, even as a wide range of device makers released competing products primarily running on Google's free Android software. Most of the world's smartphones are powered by Android, but the iPhone remains a popular high-priced status symbol. Even so, consumers are holding on to their existing iPhones for longer periods instead of upgrading to a newer model every year or two. That has raised investor concerns that Apple has become too dependent on the iPhone, a nagging worry that has been aggravated by the company's inability to introduce another breakthrough product since Jobs' death in 2011. Cook, Jobs' anointed successor, had hoped Apple would have another huge hit with a smartwatch unveiled in 2014, but that device has only had moderate success. Apple's regulatory filing revealed that the company was bracing for a sales drop last year, although not quite as steep as what occurred. The compensation committee for Apple's board of directors had established a revenue goal of $224 billion for last year, which would have been a 4 percent decline from the previous year. The company expected sales to rebound during the holiday shopping season on hopes that consumers would be snapping up its latest iPhones, the 7 and 7 Plus. Apple will release its quarterly results that include the holidays later this month. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge. All rights reserved. Read more on: Apple, iPhone, Tim Cook, Earnings, Smartphones, iOS Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. What's Next for Artificial Intelligence? 2. Connected Cars Bring Security Risks 3. Wearable Sensors Check Your Health 4. Can Faraday Future Build a Car? 5. Scientists Say Moon Is Over the Hill MAY INTEREST YOU Salesforce.com is the market and technology leader in Software-as-a-Service. Its award-winning CRM solution helps 82,400 customers worldwide manage and share business information over the Internet. Experience CRM success. Click here for a FREE 30-day trial. MORE IN APPLE/MAC 1. iPhone 8: Rumor of the Week 2. Apple Phone Sales Beat Samsung's 3. Tesla Hires Apple's Swift Creator 4. Apple To Make Servers in Arizona 5. Apple: Phone Can Change the World Next Article > Apple Proved a Phone Can Change the World in Just 10 Years By Michael Liedtke PUBLISHED: JANUARY 10 2017 Few people realized it at the time, but the world shifted fundamentally a decade ago when Steve Jobs pulled the first iPhone from Apple's bag of technological tricks. "Every once in a while, a revolutionary product comes along that changes everything," Jobs declared as he paced across a San Francisco stage. It obviously wasn't an empty boast. We all know now that Jobs' "magical product" has reshaped culture, shaken up industries, put computers in billions of pockets and made it possible to do just about anything with a few taps on a screen. Besides its then 3.5-inch touch screen, the first iPhone featured a browser for on-the-go web surfing and built-in apps to check email and get directions. Going Mobile Apple has sold more than 1 billion iPhones since its debut, spawning millions of mobile applications and prodding other technology companies to make similar smartphones that have become like phantom limbs for many of us. We use iPhones and their copycats to instantly share video and pictures with friends and family from almost anywhere. We use them to figure out where we are going. We use them to find the best deals while shopping in stores and to pay for stuff at the checkout stand. We use the phones to a hail ride, to tune instruments, to monitor our health and help find our next jobs. Phones have gotten so smart that they even talk back to us via helpful digital concierges such as the iPhone's Siri and the recently introduced Assistant on Google's Pixel phone. "IPhone is an essential part of our customers' lives, and today more than ever it is redefining the way we communicate, entertain, work and live," Apple's current CEO, Tim Cook, boasted in a retrospective that the Cupertino, California, company posted on its website. Roadkill in Its Wake The iPhone's revolutionary touch screen doomed the BlackBerry, another once-popular internet-connected phone. Mobile phones and their tablet cousins triggered a downturn in personal computer sales that is still unfolding. An estimated 219 million desktop and laptop computers shipped worldwide last year, down from 264 million in 2007, according to the research firm Gartner Inc. Meanwhile, nearly 1.9 billion mobile phones shipped last year, up from 1.15 billion in 2007. All told, Gartner estimates about 5 billion mobile phones are currently in use around the world compared to 1.3 billion PCs. The eroding popularity of PCs spurred shake-ups at powerful tech companies such as Microsoft, Intel, Hewlett-Packard and Dell, none of which adapted nimbly to the mobile world unleashed by the iPhone. Then-Microsoft's CEO Steve Ballmer scoffed at Apple's glass-and-metal gadget, telling USA Today in April 2007 that "there's no chance that the iPhone is going to get any significant market share. No chance." Microsoft wound up squandering the $7.6 billion that it spent to buy phone maker Nokia in a futile attempt to catch up to the iPhone. Ballmer stepped down as CEO three years ago and was replaced by Satya Nadella, who introduced versions of Microsoft's popular Office programs that worked on Apple's iPad -- a tablet based on the iPhone. A Huge Hit ... and then a Stall The iPhone's success helped make Jobs a revered figure for many, and one whose October 2011 death was mourned around the world. The device has established Apple as the world's most profitable company with earnings of $45.7 billion on sales of $216 billion during its latest fiscal year. (Prior to the iPhone's release, Apple posted an annual profit of $2 billion on sales of $19.3 billion.) Its stock-market value is hovering around $635 billion, thanks to a split-adjusted stock price that's risen by nearly a factor of 10 since the iPhone's debut. Lately, though, the iPhone appears to be losing some steam. People are keeping older models for longer before upgrading or switching over to competing phones that run on Google's Android software. Apple suffered its first-ever decline in iPhone sales in its last fiscal year, causing the company to miss its revenue projections and hitting Cook with a 15 percent pay cut . Most smartphones now run on Android, partly because Google gives away the software. That has helped iPhone rivals woo price conscious consumers, especially outside the U.S., with phones that are much cheaper than the iPhone, whose latest models now cost more than $649 to $849. In his statement, though, Cook promised the iPhone is "just getting started. The best is yet to come." © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge. All rights reserved. Read more on: Apple, iPhone, Steve Jobs, Tim Cook, BlackBerry, Smartphones, iOS, Mobile Phones POPULAR IN APPLE/MAC Cook Talks Trump and Coming Macs Apple App Store Sets Sales Record iPhone 8: Rumor of the Week Apple Phone Sales Beat Samsung's Apple To Make Servers in Arizona Tesla Hires Apple's Swift Creator Apple: Phone Can Change the World THE BIG PICTURE Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 10:14 P.M. ET Updated My stepfather left $1 million to strangers and dead people 10:14 P.M. ET Updated My brother is addicted to opiates and wants to set up an LLC to control our mother’s estate 9:18 P.M. ET Updated My father died with no will — can I stop my mother from inheriting his home? 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Computers/Electronics Steve Jobs made history on this day 10 years ago By Jennifer Booton Published: Jan 9, 2017 12:39 p.m. ET Share The CEO promised to make history with new smartphone product category Getty Images Steve Jobs made history when he unveiled the first-generation iPhone By JenniferBooton Reporter It has been 10 years since Steve Jobs graced the Macworld stage in his token black turtleneck and announced that “we’re going to make some history together today,” as he introduced the first-generation iPhone. Since then, Apple AAPL, -0.18%  has quashed many critics, the majority of whom questioned whether the new smartphone would have enough legs to succeed in the marketplace. Among the most noteworthy skeptics was former Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +0.14% CEO Steve Ballmer, who in 2007 said there was “no chance” the iPhone would get “any significant market share.” “There’s no chance,” he said. “It’s a $500 subsidized item.” “There’s no chance that the iPhone is going to get any significant market share. No chance.” - Steve Ballmer One billion iPhones sold. https://t.co/GAWXXX1RjM— Downtown Josh Brown (@ReformedBroker) January 9, 2017 Since Jobs announced that Apple would “reinvent the phone” in 2006, unveiling the touch-screen iPhone that marked a notable evolution from the then-popular BlackBerry Ltd BBRY, +0.55% keyboard work phone, Apple has sold more than one billion iPhones, passing its billionth last July. The iPhone has grown to dominate the U.S. smartphone market, setting a precedent in consumer electronics that has spurred many copycats and patent lawsuits. Its mobile operating system, iOS, is ranked second globally, behind Alphabet Inc.’s Android GOOGL, +0.17% which is integrated in many third-party brands’ phones, not just Google’s. Later this year, Apple is expected to unveil the 10th-anniversary version of the iPhone, which many analysts believe will have new software and hardware updates that differentiate the phone more noticeably from years past. Apple, however, hasn’t had it as easy in recent years. This past fiscal year marked Apple’s first-ever year-over-year decline in annual iPhone sales, and the company’s revenue declined year-over-year for the first time in more than a decade. That comes as the smartphone market becomes oversaturated, including with more affordable competitors, such as China’s Xiaomi, and as people wait longer to upgrade to newer iPhone models. Shares of Apple rose 1% to $119.15 in late-morning trade Monday. They’ve risen 4.5% in the past three months and nearly 23% in the past year. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.03% meanwhile, has risen more than 9% in the past three months and 22% in the past year. More from MarketWatch Trump: Russians Behind Hacks but Haven’t Compromised Him President-Elect Donald Trump Press Conference Bicyclist John Howard's 1985 Land-Speed Record Quote References AAPL -0.21 -0.18% MSFT +0.09 +0.14% BBRY +0.04 +0.55% GOOGL +1.41 +0.17% DJIA -5.27 -0.03% Show all references Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House Jennifer Booton Jennifer Booton is a MarketWatch reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @jbooton. MarketWatch Partner Center Jennifer Booton Jennifer Booton is a MarketWatch reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @jbooton. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $119.04 -0.21 (-0.18%) Volume 25.4M Open $119.11 High $119.62 Low $118.81 P/E Ratio 14.39 Div Yield 1.92 Market Cap 625.9B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $62.70 +0.09 (+0.14%) Volume 18.8M Open $62.62 High $62.87 Low $62.35 P/E Ratio 30.14 Div Yield 2.49 Market Cap 487.5B BlackBerry Ltd. U.S.: Nasdaq: BBRY $7.27 +0.04 (+0.55%) Volume 2.8M Open $7.22 High $7.35 Low $7.21 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 3.9B Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $830.94 +1.41 (+0.17%) Volume 1.3M Open $831.00 High $834.65 Low $829.52 P/E Ratio 30.41 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 563.5B Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 19,885.73 -5.27 (-0.03%) Volume 263.8M Open 19,913 High 19,952 Low 19,849 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A LatestNews
coventrytelegraphLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Coventry News UK & World News Business Health Crime Politics Education Motors History News OpinionExpand What's On Latest What's On Food & Drink Things To Do ShoppingExpand Sport Latest Sport Coventry City FC Football Rugby Wasps RFC Coventry RFC Rugby League Speedway Other Sport Sport OpinionExpand Football Coventry City FC Wasps RFC Business In Your Area Coventry Warwickshire Nuneaton See all locationsExpand Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory Family Notices BuySell Dating Book an Ad Buy a Photo Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror Midlands Home What's On What's On News Apple What's On iPhone 8 could ditch smartphone's most iconic feature, according to reports If you fancy getting your hands on the next device from Apple, you need to read this  Share  Comments ByJames Rodger 17:41, 9 JAN 2017 What's On Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email The new smartphone model from Apple could see the iPhone's most iconic feature dropped. Reports are circulating which suggest the US tech giant is ready to ditch the signature home button from the forthcoming model. The famous home button could be removed, reports Mirror Online, after Japanese website Macotakara obtained information regarding the next smartphone from Apple. According to the site, the 'informed' supply chain source from Taiwan says Apple's next tablet will have reduced bezels around the screen. And, even more crucially, the device could have NO physical home button. Gadget experts say Apple could follow the same design principles with the iPhone 8 - which is believed to be appearing towards the end of 2017. "It is widely expected that Apple will replace the physical Home button on the iPhone 8 with one embedded into the display," wrote Apple site 9to5Mac. The iPhone 7 was launched at an event streamed live across the globe from San Francisco in September. The device, for the first time ever, does not feature a 3.5 mm headphone jack, but uses the Apple A10 Fusion 64-bit system-on-chip, which consists of two low-power cores and two high-power cores. As with prior models, iPhone 7 is available in two sizes: one with a 4.7-inch screen, and a "Plus" variant with a 5.5-inch screen. Read More Virgin Media launches new 4K V6 TiVo box and TellyTablet - all you need to know The displays have identical sizes and resolutions to iPhone 6S, but with a wider color gamut and increased brightness. Both device variants also contain a new iteration of Apple's motion coprocessor, the M10. Unlike previous iPhone models, internal storage options for iPhone 7 begin at 32 GB instead of 16 GB. iPhone 7 Plus offers 3 GB of RAM, more than any other previous iPhone, the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 has 2 GB. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @covtelegraph Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Apple What's On all Most Read Most Recent Fun StuffCuddling your cat could be doing you harm - this is why Scientists say that fever, sore skin and even death could all result from a kitty cuddle Pubs in CoventryPub quiz: Can you score full marks on these tricky trivia questions? If you're the boffin of your family or friendship group and you know your news, politics, celebs and TV, then prove it Things to Do CoventryFormer WWE stars sign up for wrestling event at The Empire in Coventry Fans of sports entertainment will be in for a treat in Coventry next month Restaurants in CoventryYour favourite takeaway food may have WAY more calories than you think The dietary information on your favourite restaurant's website may be false WarwickshireEating this type of curry can STOP you getting cancer Researchers have unearthed news which will warm the cockles of many a Coventry and Warwickshire foodie Restaurants in CoventryYour favourite takeaway food may have WAY more calories than you think The dietary information on your favourite restaurant's website may be false Pubs in CoventryPub quiz: Can you score full marks on these tricky trivia questions? If you're the boffin of your family or friendship group and you know your news, politics, celebs and TV, then prove it Fun StuffCuddling your cat could be doing you harm - this is why Scientists say that fever, sore skin and even death could all result from a kitty cuddle Food & DrinkThese are the superfoods you need to know about for 2017 It's time to put the kale chips down and benefit from the nutritional properties of these foods from across the world Pubs in CoventryThese 'hangover cures' actually make you feel WORSE While most of us love a tipple, we're all guilty of overindulgence every now and again Most Read Most Recent In The NewsChild car seats: The law is changing again - this is what you need to know New stricter rules are coming into force in 2017 limiting the use of backless booster seats for older children. CoventryRevealed: Coventry and Warwickshire's dogging hotspots Golf courses, canal towpaths and public parks in the city and surrounding region all feature Coventry City FCCoventry City transfers: Derby County duo set for spell with Sky Blues Dominant defender and lively striker due to report to Ryton Coventry Cathedral'Brilliant' Coventry Cathedral welcome sign lauded on social media Message extends a warm welcome to guests, whether "married, divorced, widowed, gay or confused" FoleshillWaqas Hussain: Facebook tribute page gains thousands of likes after young man's tragic death There has been an outpouring of love and grief for the 20-year-old who died two days after he was hit by a bus in Coventry Coventry City FCCoventry City transfers: Derby County duo set for spell with Sky Blues Dominant defender and lively striker due to report to Ryton The Co-operativeCo-op to remove sweets from checkouts in battle against childhood obesity Sweets with packaging aimed at children will be removed, and replaced with healthier options Wood EndHave you seen Jeffrey? Police concerned about man last seen in Coventry 48-year-old Jeffrey Bromley was last seen at his brother's house in Wood End on Sunday morning Restaurants in CoventryYour favourite takeaway food may have WAY more calories than you think The dietary information on your favourite restaurant's website may be false CoventryRevealed: Coventry and Warwickshire's dogging hotspots Golf courses, canal towpaths and public parks in the city and surrounding region all feature Top Stories The Co-operativeCo-op to remove sweets from checkouts in battle against childhood obesity Sweets with packaging aimed at children will be removed, and replaced with healthier options CoventryThe jilted fiancée and the journalist - Katy Colins ties the knot after heartbreak led her to true love The heartbreak Katy Colins suffered led to a bestseller book and united her with the man she would marry Coventry City FCCoventry City-Northampton: Man sought by police after trouble at Ricoh last year An image has been released of a man police want to speak to in relation to disorder after a football match Wood EndHave you seen Jeffrey? Police concerned about man last seen in Coventry 48-year-old Jeffrey Bromley was last seen at his brother's house in Wood End on Sunday morning League OneCoventry City fans say relegation beckons after Chesterfield defeat Some Sky Blues supporters are resigned to life in League Two next season Coventry City FCCoventry City fans 'must support team to get Sisu to leave' - Simon Jordan Former Crystal Palace owner Simon Jordan has said he could be interested in a consortium bid for CCFC FoleshillWaqas Hussain: Facebook tribute page gains thousands of likes after young man's tragic death There has been an outpouring of love and grief for the 20-year-old who died two days after he was hit by a bus in Coventry Pubs in CoventryThese 'hangover cures' actually make you feel WORSE While most of us love a tipple, we're all guilty of overindulgence every now and again SolihullSolihull crash: Tributes paid to a 'loving son, brother and friend' Police have named a 20-year-old man who died in a collision near Solihull on Friday morning Armed ForcesVeteran serviceman beats broken back and cancer to become scuba instructor His 15-year career was cut short when he broke his neck and slipped a disk during a rugby match In The NewsChild car seats: The law is changing again - this is what you need to know New stricter rules are coming into force in 2017 limiting the use of backless booster seats for older children. CoventryHundreds come together to pay tribute to Waqas Hussain The 20-year-old died two days after being hit by a bus in Coventry News What's On Sport Football Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror Midlands This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Samsung Gear S3 Review: This is the smartwatch of the future we’ve been waiting for… [Video] Trending in Google Corporate NOOK Tablet 7″ Review: Easily the best $50 tablet you can buy this year Trending in Google Corporate Lenovo Phab2 Pro Review: Tango is impressive and awesome, but this device isn’t for everyone [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Opinion: Google’s ‘Magic Minute’ marketing campaign simply highlights that Android Wear is practically useless Trending in Google Corporate Google Wifi Review: A great user-friendly router for your home, even if you buy just one Trending in Google Corporate 9to5Google Gift Guide: These are five affordable Android phone deals to grab this holiday season January 9 GOOG: 806.65 0.50 9to5Toys Lunch Break: Tile Slim Tracker $25, Bluetooth Audio Receiver $17, more Trevor Daugherty - Jan. 9th 2017 9:34 am PT Google Corporate View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Apple’s latest gen 13-inch MacBook Pro in Space Grey and Silver for $200 off: $1,300 shipped (Reg. $1,499) Never forget your wallet, iPhone or backpack again: Tile Slim Tracker returns to its Amazon all-time low at $25 Prime shipped Smartphone Accessories: Lumsing Bluetooth Stereo Receiver Transmitter $17 (Reg. $27), more 9to5Toys Best of CES 2017 Awards CES 2017 Coverage: Bang & Olufsen brings AirPlay and Chromecast connectivity to its new Beoplay M5 speaker Razor’s new Blade Pro is the “world’s first portable laptop with three built-in monitors” The OjO Commuter Scooter is a zero-emissions electric two-wheeler with 20 miles of range UBTECH introduces new robots at CES including the smart Alexa-enabled Lynx Humanoid, more Take a look at Dell’s new Canvas workstation display and Totem radial controllers MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Apple’s 9.7-inch iPad Pro Wi-Fi 32GB is on sale for $500 shipped in all colors at Best Buy (Reg. $599) Logitech’s Multi-Device K380 Bluetooth Keyboard offers up to two-years of battery life for $25  Enter tax season with a new AirPrint-enabled Dell Laser Printer for $50 (Reg. up to $100) Games/Apps: Assassin’s Creed Ezio Collection from $24 or Syndicate $10, iOS freebies, more The Sennheiser HD558 Audiophile Over-Ear Headphones are back down to $80 Grab these APC Surge Protectors: 7-Outlet APC SurgeArrest Professional w/ Phone $15, more Garmin Forerunner 35 Fitness Tracker w/ built-in GPS and HRM: $170 (Reg. $200) Save $100 on DJI’s new Mavic Pro Fly More Combo for $1,199 (Tax NY only) AmazonBasics 8-pack of High-Capacity AA Rechargeable Batteries for $16 (all-time low) Staples 128GB USB 2.0 Flash Drive $15, Westinghouse 40-inch LED 1080p HDTV $180, more Choose from two Lifespan Treadmills in today’s Gold Box for $999 shipped (Reg. $1,300+) The top-rated 8-Quart Instant Pot 7-in-1 Electric Pressure Cooker for $129 (Reg. $160) Grab a 3-Pack of the best-selling Mr. Beams Motion-Sensing LED Nightlights for $15.50, more Get fluffy Belgian waffles at home with the Oster DuraCeramic Maker for just over $15 MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: DJI is selling its Phantom 3 Professional Quadcopter with 4K Camera for $699 shipped (Orig. $1,259) cult-classic Idiocracy for $5 (Reg. $10) Get this Kindle eBook for Free: ‘When I Wake Up’ Magazine subs from $4/yr: Bon Appetit, much more Cuisinart 6.5-Quart Slow Cooker w/ glass lid: refurb $61 Puma’s Semi-Annual Sale takes up to 50% off Samsung’s popular 5.1-Ch. Surround Sound System for $230 Withings Activité Sapphire Watch: $315 (Reg. $450) Display your new TV w/ a Cheetah Wall Mount for $18 Oral-B’s Pro 5000 Bluetooth Electric Toothbrush $60 PowerPak Adjustable Dumbbells & Stand (Prime only) for $199 Brita Slim 5-Cup Water Pitcher w/ 1 Filter from just $6 Snag the View-Master Batman Reality Pack for $18 BLACK+DECKER 24″ Cordless Electric Trimmer $88, more 1byone 25-mi. Antenna $9 (Reg. $13) Aukey USB-C Car Charger $13 (Reg. $20), more 12+ Cup Coffeemaker $20 Prime shipped Amazon all-time lows on TurboTax 2016 from $30 Philips Sonicare Series 2 Electric Toothbrush: $30 6-pack BR30 65W Dimmable LED Lights $14 (Reg. $24), more Cleaning supplies/laundry: 81-Pack Tide PODS $13, more Canon’s robust All-in-One Laser Printer w/ AirPrint for $99  Aukey 4.8A Dual Port USB Car Charger $7, more NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Blue Microphones announce retro-inspired Bluetooth headphones designed with iPhone 7 in mind Kodak’s latest 360-degree action camera brings 4K footage and VR to its new dual lens setup Whirlpool unveils its iOS/Android-connected All-in-One Smart Washer/Dryer Combo Anova refreshes its line of sous vide cookers at CES 2017, details on upcoming Precision Oven Samsung hits CES with new QLED Ultra HDTVs that include a collection of aluminum stands Misfit adds a touchscreen on its newest $199 Vapor smartwatch that includes a two-day battery Sony looks to upend LG with its stunning OLED 4K HDR Ultra HDTVs at CES 2017 Here’s our first look at LG’s new impossibly thin ‘Wallpaper’ 4K OLED displays Mohu’s new Airwave HD Antenna wirelessly beams your local channels to Apple TV, iOS, more Mattel introduces its own version of Amazon Echo that is geared towards kids DJI intros new special edition Phantom 4, Osmo products for iPhone & more Turn the shower on from bed with the new U by Moen Smart Wi-Fi Connected Shower System LEGO BOOST brings your builds to life with its kid-friendly coding kit and smartphone apps Belkin revamps its popular Wemo Switch with a slimmer design alongside a new Light Dimmer Kingston unveils “the world’s highest capacity USB Flash drive” AirTV is the first official Sling TV set-top box with 4K content and OTA Linksys joins the mesh network craze with its new Alexa-enabled Velop 802.11ac system Lenovo borrows Amazon’s Alexa Voice Service for its new Smart Assistant Speaker TCL details its 2017 Roku-enabled 4K TV lineup that includes upgraded specs and HDR support Griffin looks to make your morning routine smarter w/ new the Connected Toaster, more Panasonic announces the LUMIX GH5 with 4K 60p/50p recording – preorder now LeEco enters the bike business with two models powered by a display that runs Android OS LG tries to take over the world with new lineup of adorable life-size robots for the home, more LG’s latest TV audio solutions include a sound bar that can be separated for surround sound MOLA-UFO is a drone thats fits in the palm of your hand and takes selfies to the next level You absolutely have to check out these custom Air Jordan 4 Super Nintendo sneakers The adorable Kuri smart robot can follow you around or read a bedtime story The Alexa-enabled Vobot Clock is the “first alarm of its kind”, set to be unveiled at CES 2017 blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Login Remember me Submit a Tip Login Create Account Subscribe Follow Us Get Our App Main Top Reviews Hot Games Watch List Forums Deals BuyBack ★ TouchArcade needs your help. Click here to support us on Patreon. ★ News Apple Kicks Riley Testut's Upcoming 'Delta' Emulator Off TestFlight Author Eli Hodapp Posted On2017-01-09 12:00:40 Emulator, News In today's not unsurprising but still incredibly disappointing Apple news, beta testers of Riley Testut's upcoming successor to the GBA4iOS emulator, Delta, were notified over the weekend that the app has been removed from TestFlight. According to Testut, over 10,000 people applied just to get in on the beta and well over 10,000,000 people downloaded the original GBA4iOS. The demand for these emulators is a real thing, and we've even experienced that ourselves over the years as any time we post a story about a new one slipping out on to the App Store it'll vastly outperform any of the other articles posted that week. The Delta team is currently looking into a way to distribute the beta outside of TestFlight, but doesn't have any details on what's happening just yet. As someone who has fiddled around with the beta of Delta, so far it's shaping up to be just as awesome as GBA4iOS, which is quite a feat as GBA4iOS was one hell of an emulator. It's sad that such fantastic software isn't allowed inside of the Apple ecosystem, even just for testing purposes on TestFlight. I wouldn't really hold your breath on these policies ever changing, as Apple's walled garden has been harshly criticized by developers over the years with no movement from Cupertino. Most recently, in an interview with Glixel on somewhat similar locked down VR ecosystems, Epic's Tim Sweeney said: Apple has a monopoly on iOS hardware. That's fine. But they shouldn't be able to tie that market to a monopoly on distributing software, on collecting in-app revenue from software. I should be able to go to a web page and download a new Epic game to my phone without Apple's approval. I should be able to use Confederate flags, if that was our design choice, in our product. Anyway, beta testers of Delta should keep an eye on their inboxes for more news on how to get upcoming beta builds, and for everyone else, hopefully Apple booting them off TestFlight doesn't slow down development too much. I'm really excited for the public release of Delta. Update Mondays: 'Templar Battleforce', 'Trials Frontier', 'Don't Grind', 'Cookie Jam', and More The TouchArcade Forums Have Voted 'Crashlands' as Their 2016 Game of the Year creyes123 Sweeney curtneedsaride As a current GBA4iOS user, I am all in favor of this! Can't wait until it's release. http://www.unexpect3rd.com unexpect3rd dang it. this does not bid well for the project. i was looking forward to it sabre31 He should just release it on GitHub or an IPA and people can install it via Cydia Impactor tool. Apple will never allow him to put it on App Store anyways. Why not open it up to everybody and release IPA of each beta until final is done. thehype What about builds.io? Is there a way to distribute the beta over there? Marvin That's kind of what I figured would happen nonen What does it do that Provenance isn't already doing? N64? Anyway he should release the source code so people can just build and install it themselves. Sick of Labour Exactly, it's really simple to build Provenance so his best option would be to release this on GitHub and let people handle the installs themselves. For my N64 kicks I use RetroArch, but it is a pain to build and configure! elthesensai Is Apple wants iOS to be a truly post pc device than they have to allow its users to download load from wherever they see fit, just like we can on the Mac. It's the biggest reasons why I keep looking over to Windows and Android. I might make the jump one day. Sponsors Support Us Support TouchArcade on Patreon Latest Podcast The Binding of Issac, The Nintendo Switch, and More! - The TouchArcade Show #290 Latest Reviews $2.99 StarStarStarStarNone Sonny StrategyUniversal 2 days ago $3.99 StarStarStarStarNone Cannonfire Concerto Role PlayingUniversal 3 days ago $14.99 StarStarStarStarStar The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth Role PlayingUniversal 4 days ago $1.99 StarStarStarStarNone Highway Runners RacingiPhone 1 week ago $1.99 StarNoneNoneNoneNone MEGA MAN MOBILE AdventureUniversal 2 weeks ago $1.99 StarStarStarStarNone Feral Fury ActionUniversal 2 weeks ago Hot Games $14.99 StarStarStarStarStar The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth Role PlayingUniversal Released 5 days ago $2.99 StarStarStarStarNone Sonny StrategyUniversal Released 4 days ago Free Star Wars™: Force Arena StrategyUniversal Released 4 days ago Free Xenoraid ArcadeUniversal Released 4 days ago Free Gumballs & Dungeons(G&D) StrategyUniversal Released 8 weeks ago $2.99 Towaga ArcadeiPhone Released 4 days ago Game Releases Geometry Dash (by RobTop Games) [Read level request rules in 1st post!] ( ͡� ͜ʖ ͡�) (101998) Towaga (By Sunnyside Games) (72) The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth (by Nicalis, Inc.) (457) Stellar Horizon (by S.MARSAULT) (1105) [Soft Launch AU] Slide Fight (by Dmitriy Momzikov) (10) Assoluto Racing (by Infinity Vector Ltd) (1059) Xenoraid (by 10tons Ltd) (47) Gumballs & Dungeons (By Qcplay Limited) (163) The Walking Dead: A New Frontier (by Telltale Inc) [UNIVERSAL!] (21) Shadow of Armageddon: Classic strategy PC Game (3) Nimian Legends : BrightRidge HD (by Robert Kabwe) (1482) Battle Fleet 2: WW2 in the Pacific (by Capital j Media LLC) (53) The Long Siege (By Anomaly Studios Pte Ltd) (90) Astra Itinera (21) Breakout Ninja (by Part Time Monkey) (42) Sonny (By Armor Games) (49) Mechanical Box (by Andrey Sklyarov) (8) Cataclysm: Dark Days Ahead (by Dancing Bottle) (272) New Game Threads Text Mess for iMessage - turn your messages into art (0) Slugterra: Slug it Out 2 (1) Knight And Magic (1) XForce Online (0) Dragon Ball Online (1) Warrior Saga RPG (2) Reploid Zero Warrior (0) Shadow of Armageddon: Classic strategy PC Game (3) AstroKnight (0) Zombie Girls (2) Classic childrens board games? (2) PigPink - My first game (0) Tentis - A New Numbers Game! (by oh beautiful brains) (0) MADNESSTEER Live (1) STARLY GIRLS ?? (1) Undead Hunter (2) Play Bill Gates' DONKEY game on Apple Watch and iPhone (0) AlexG Infinity (1) General Discussion The January 2017 RPG Reload Play-Along Thread: Final Fantasy 1 (270) [SPOILERS] Spider 2 - Mystery Discussion Thread (291) Tower defense suggestions (0) Binding of Isaac Off Topic and Arguing Thread (120) Best iphone 6 mfi controller? (1) My Game Of The Week 1/12-1/18 (2) Name of that game (1) Games have changed or I have changed? (6) MFi Conttroller NOOB (1) Pocket Frogs Trading Thread (33688) Name of the game (2) Steelseries Stratus does not seem to work with iOS10 (26) What do you think will be the impact of the Nintendo Switch on the MFI controllers? (2) Having trouble connecting Bluetooth controller to Binding of Isaac Rebirth iOS (2) iPad 4 (6) Jeff Minter post: "Where have all [my] iOS games gone?" (2) Having trouble connecting Bluetooth controller to Binding of Isaac Rebirth iOS (0) Favorite CCG & Why..? (10) Promo Codes Dragon Rise Happy Hour! (0) 5 x $15 iTunes Gift Card or PayPal Contest (19) 5 X $20 Paypal or iTunes giftcard contest � IRON FINGER (21) Dinosaur Assassin for iPad - Promo Codes (48) $20 Paypal or iTunes giftcard contest � Triad Battle (16) PROMO CODES for Brigands and Barbarians iPhone (2) Another $10 PayPal contest! (10) Another $10 App Store GC contest! (15) 2 x $25 PayPal, iTunes or Amazon Giftcard for Australian Users (13) Dino Safari 2 Pro [Universal]---Promo Codes (16) [CONTEST] Win $10 in PayPal! (12) $10 PayPal Contest (11) You could $10 via PayPal! (10) Contest: Win $10 in PayPal (11) $10 PayPal contest! (11) WIN! 2 x $25 iTunes Gift Card, Amazon Gift Card or PayPal - play Dashy Santa (34) Yuri - iOS & Mac promo codes (11) Ginger Roll - Cute Arcade Platform Game - Free Promo Codes Attached (14) Upcoming Releases Piczle Lines DX (coming Q1 2017) (8) Glyph Quest Chronicles feedback thread (32) M.U.D. Rally (Open Beta Soon) (35) Noblemen: 1896 (Foursaken Media) - strategy + 3rd person cover based shooter (119) Derelict (232) EUCLIDEAN LANDS is coming soon to iOS (8) Slap Shots! (by The Frosty Pop Corps) (16) Blocky Farm - a voxel mobile farm manager (170) Morphite - 3D Planet Exploration FPS Action Adventure (297) Red's Kingdom, launches 19th Jan. on iOS. (6) Skiplit 2.0 � a simple and complex puzzle game, now with community levels! (8) Reporter (horror survival games) (6) Strike Team - XCOM style, Tactical RPG by Wave Light Games (105) DROP'd (GalacticThumb) (7) Card Thief (133) RPG Tower of Time - Announcement Trailer (34) Dashy Crashy TURBO update (by Dumpling) - BETA testers wanted (19) Their First Flight by Lagom Games (0) Dev Discussion New Game I am making!! (0) Apple Recommendation in Germany (2) Upcoming Platform Game: Suzy Cube (120) I'm new to toucharcade and looking for pointers - indie developer (2) Chezz - A game of chess without turns, needs BETA Testers and Feedback (1) 2017 starts off with Apple recommending our game in 2 countries (0) Is there any place online to get code reviews by other developers? (2) Considering Colours (2) Partnership vs. Hired help (4) Is the new Mac Pro better than the previous Mac Pro (3) How cool would an Excitebike-like game be? (8) Upcoming Action-Adventure&Puzzle-Platform Game (0) I am worried no one will ever see the ads on our new free game (11) Finding Playtesters? (4) Password for games (4) Help with promotion (5) Music Composer seeking Indie Game Developers... (0) What should I expect once Apple recommends my game for China (0) Services for Trade Illustrator/Concept Artist available for freelance work (23) Sam Foster Sound | Experienced Game Composer for Hire (4) Do you need graphics for Games? (61) Composer Seeking RPG/Art Game/Anything Interesting (1) [Art Team ] Pixel artists & Unity developers (3) [Art Team ] 3D artists & Unity developers (3) [Art Team with low rates] 2D artists & Unity developers. (3) Hi, I'm a 2D Graphic Artist (Vector) for hire (70) [AFFORDABLE] 2D/3D Game, Animation & Vfx service provider @ Indie Price (46) New Royalty Free Music Shop for Your Projects! (1) Building a Library of Images for Everyone (0) Free Music Resource - soundimage.org (124) Professional 2D & 3D Gaming artist in Indie Prices (9) Composer available for work-Showreel included. (0) MattR Illustration (6) [Composer Available] 20+ years of experience (6) Matthew Dear - Audio Programmer/SFX & Dialog Artist/Composer (54) Music, Sounds - All That Jazz (1) Other Discussion Any good mobile MMOs for iPhone to recommend? (14) Nintendo Switch (aka NX) (17) What anime are you watching? (722) 🎉🎈🎁🎂Happy Birthday🎂🎁🎈🎉 (324) Movies (5527) What's your mobile bill costing you? (1) What is the best mobile games you ever played? (11) Need gamers' honest opinion on my latest game (0) Who is from the KC area? (0) Let's play a forum game (156) Something sad that happen last Friday (11) TripMX Great Music Expedition!!! (63) recommend an old horror movie (28) Playstation Vita Discussion Thread (8803) The Old Farts discussion thread. (200) Happy New Years!!!!!! (5) The Playstation 4 (PS4) Thread! (1051) What song are you guys listening to at the moment? (2909) Site Feedback Looking for ideas of revamping the forums for 2017 (8) Site RSS feed not updating? (25) Cant read articles, redirected to some "you win an iphone" site (2) TouchArcade notifications not working? (2) Disqus ban. (1) Can you please add an "Energy System" tag on game descriptions and reviews? (3) Petition to require login to promo codes area (24) Constant Login Requests (7) Embed Youtube videos (27) Tips mail bounce back (0) Can TouchArcade do some regular hardware peripheral reviews? (0) Notifications (3) Patreon Page Blank? (1) TouchArcade app slows phone (3) profile pic update fails on mobile (2) Request: Allow full screen button for YouTube videos (0) Remove Poll? (2) Older device section (4) Pages About Us, PR Contact, Advertise Advertising Career Opportunities - Write For TouchArcade Job Board Newest iPhone Games and Price Drops Newest iPhone Games and Price Drops - Mobile Privacy Policy / DMCA Copyright Agent Sending Promo Codes for Giveaways Support TouchArcade Advertising and Editorial Policies TouchArcade's List of iPad Games with iCade Support Upcoming Categories 360iDev (3) Accessories (89) Android (149) Apple TV (36) Apple Watch (16) Applications (171) Companion (35) Emulator (55) Internet (1) Jailbreak (21) Misc (5) Music (5) Utility (16) April Fools' Day (9) Best iPad Games (114) Best iPhone Games (127) CES (8) CES 2010 (3) Classic Reload (6) Controller Support (94) Deals (41) Developer Corner (7) Development Tools (10) E3 (145) E3 Expo 2009 (18) E3 Expo 2010 (15) E3 Expo 2010 (1) E3 Expo 2011 (13) E3 Expo 2012 (25) E3 Expo 2013 (28) E3 Expo 2014 (20) E3 Expo 2015 (20) E3 Expo 2016 (4) Editor's Notes (16) Editorials (51) The Carter Crater (26) The Fretz Zone (5) The Tasos Principle (2) Exclusives (141) Featured (1,494) First Impressions (192) Forums (2) Full Content (186) Game Center (2,269) Game of the Week (174) Games (10,418) Action (2,119) Adventure (997) Arcade (1,126) Augmented Reality (45) Bear Driving Simulator (4) Board (149) Card (370) Castle Defense (35) Cave-Flyer (36) Demo (4) Drawing (31) Fighting (214) First Person Shooter (147) Goat Simulators (8) Interactive Fiction (59) Just Make Crossy Road, JEEZ (5) Man-Horse Dating Simulator (4) Massive Multiplayer (MMO) (81) Maze (92) MOBA (59) Music / Rhythm (160) Pinball (87) Platform (821) Puzzle (1,552) Quiz (16) Racing (547) Retro (526) Role-Playing (1,229) Runner (187) Shooter (913) Simulation (603) Social RPG (8) Sports (394) Strategy (793) Time Management (93) Tower Defense (220) Virtual Pet (30) Wi-Fi Multiplayer (15) Word (101) GDC (311) GDC 2009 (17) GDC 2010 (18) GDC 2011 (33) GDC 2012 (44) GDC 2013 (32) GDC 2014 (32) GDC 2015 (58) GDC 2016 (67) GDC Austin (1) GDC Austin 2009 (6) GDC Online 2011 (1) Guides (172) High Score Challenge (4) Humor (3) Interview (35) Interviews (47) iPad Games (7,171) iPad Models (140) iPad (38) iPad 2 (57) iPad 3 (41) iPad 4 (10) iPad mini (12) iPad Pro (1) iPhone games (10,059) iPhone Models (138) iPhone 3G S (22) iPhone 4 (73) iPhone 4S (24) iPhone 5 (34) iPod games (75) iPod touch (5th gen) (65) iPod touch games (8,173) Mac App Store (18) Macworld|iWorld 2012 (9) News (12,208) Online Multiplayer Nights (1) Thursday (1) PAX (22) PAX Australia (13) PAX East (10) PlayStation Games (1) Podcast (378) Prices (7,788) $0.99 (1,868) $1.99 (973) $10.99 (3) $11.99 (13) $12.99 (6) $13.99 (4) $14.99 (26) $15.99 (14) $16.99 (3) $17.99 (5) $19.99 (19) $2.99 (1,036) $22.99 (1) $24.99 (2) $27.99 (1) $3.99 (338) $4.99 (870) $49.99 (1) $5.99 (147) $54.99 (1) $6.99 (295) $7.99 (107) $74.99 (2) $8.99 (21) $9.99 (249) Free (2,788) Push Notification (97) Ratings (3,296) 1 star (11) 2 stars (59) 2.5 stars (96) 3 stars (406) 3.5 stars (729) 4 stars (1,128) 4.5 stars (573) 5 stars (295) Reinstall Monday (1) Release (518) Requests (3) Review (30) Reviews (3,743) RPG Reload (143) Rumors (24) Sales (1,079) Soap Box (8) TA Plays (361) TGS 2014 (10) TGS 2016 (10) TouchArcade Free Play (4) TouchStone (81) Uncategorized (15) Universal (4,279) Upcoming Games (5,815) Updates (1,613) Web-based games (14) What Do You Think (17) WWDC (10) WWDC 2013 (7) WWDC 2009 (21) WWDC 2010 (13) WWDC 2011 (16) WWDC 2012 (17) WWDC 2015 (5) About Us "TouchArcade covers the latest games and apps for Apple's iPhone and iPod Touch. We are the largest site dedicated to iPhone and iPod Touch gaming." Promotional Codes While we now accept iTunes Promotional Codes for games, we can't guarantee that your app will be reviewed or covered. Only one promotion code is required. Feel free to send promo codes to tips@toucharcade.com. While we appreciate the promo codes, notable app pre-announcements and preview copies are also of interest to our readers. Please feel free to contact us at the same email address about these opportunities. Note: we rarely (if ever) solicit developers directly for promo codes. If you receive such an email, please contact us. Advertising We have advertising opportunities available to iPhone and iPod Touch developers. If interested, please see this page for more information: Advertise on TouchArcade Press Contact We welcome news releases, previews, screenshots and video links for existing or upcoming iPhone and iPod Games. We can't promise a personal reply but we do try to evaluate every title submitted. Please send press releases or general inquiries to tips@toucharcade.com. Copyright 2014, TouchArcade.com, LLC. iPhone Games
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home 360daily 360daily Features Nokia 6 Launched, iPhone's 10th Birthday, Lenovo P2 Launch, and More: Your 360 Daily  Rohan Naravane, 09 January 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Highlights Nokia 6 looks good, but has middling specs considering the price Apple could be coming up with three new iPad, no small sized ones Lenovo P2 packs a massive battery, set to launch in India this week CES 2017 is now officially over, and we can return to our normal pace of consuming tech news. Monday was a very momentous day because of important milestones for Apple and Nokia (no, not the one you knew, the new one). Read below to know the day’s top stories. Nokia 6 launched, available only in China As we mentioned above, HMD Global, the company that’s taken control of the famous brand name from yesteryears, has launched the Nokia 6. Well, technically the launch happened on Sunday, but it's big enough that we wanted to make sure you don't miss the development. The Nokia 6 will be sold only in China at approximately Rs. 17,000 (when converted). It is a mid-range Android phone built out of premium materials and a typical feature set. We think it’s going to have a hard time competing with more value-for-money Android phones, but clearly there's more to a phone than just specifications so let's see how things pan out. In related news, a ‘Nokia E1’, which looking at the rumoured specs appears to be positioned lower than the Nokia 6, was seen in rough sketches and leaked images. iPhone celebrates 10th anniversary On 9th January 2007, ten years ago, Steve Jobs showed the world the first iPhone. It changed the smartphone industry massively - stylus-bound screens were replaced with finger-friendly, intuitive user interfaces. The need to buy a separate digital camera lessened as smartphones doubled up as our point-and-shoots. The concept of app stores made app discovery easy, and created many new business in the process. The ‘10th anniversary iPhone’ is supposedly going to be special, if you go by rumours or even what Tim Cook hinted today. Let’s hope it’s worth the wait. Samsung Gear wearables will now work with an iPhone In 2013, the original Samsung Gear smartwatch restricted to work only with Samsung phones. Subsequent Gear wearables added support to Android phones made by other manufacturers. Now, the Tizen operating system-based Gear S3, Gear S2, and Gear Fit2 will also work with an iPhone. The Gear S app already available on the iOS app store will enable this. Google’s Android Wear platform have been working with iOS devices since 2015. Whereas the Apple Watch, expectedly, only works with the iPhone. Lenovo phone with 5100mAh battery to be launched on Wednesday The Lenovo P2 is slated to launch on Wednesday exclusively on e-commerce platform Flipkart. First seen at IFA 2016, this phone promises a good battery life thanks to a massive 5100mAh battery pack. Other specifications include Qualcomm Snapdragon 625, 3 or 4GB RAM and 32 or 64GB of internal storage. Check out more details. Xiaomi’s Mi Bunny is a voice assistant for kids Other than the razor-thin Mi TV 4 and the white edition of the Mi Mix, Xiaomi also announced a voice assistant in the form of a kid’s toy - the Mi Bunny. It comes with the Chinese company’s in-house voice assistant service, that can send and receive messages on WeChat, a popular instant messenger in China. It’s also priced reasonably at just $29 (roughly Rs. 2,000). Nokia’s virtual assistant may be called ‘Viki’ In a bid to compete with Google Assistant, Apple Siri, Microsoft Cortana, Amazon Alexa and Samsung Bixby, Nokia has registered the name ‘Viki’ as a trademark in the European Union with the following description - "software for the creation and monitoring of mobile and Web digital assistants working with knowledge and combining all data sources into a single chat and voice based interface”. Sounds pretty much like a digital assistant to us. We had spoken of how Google’s Pixel phones are going to cause more software fragmentation in Android, and it is very apparent now. Here’s hoping the newly-launched Nokia 6 and other Android phones can get this feature via a software update, whenever HMD intends to launch it. HTC’s U series phones to be revealed on January 12 HTC has decided to let the CES 2017 buzz settle down, as it’s hosting the ‘For U’ event on 12th January, where it is expected to launch multiple smartphones. The HTC U Ultra, U Play, and X10 are rumoured to be the handsets launched at this event, as well as a HTC Vive branded smartphone, which was seen in a leaked promotional video. The flagship U Ultra is said to be a thin device with a metal body and rounded edges, and will come with record-breaking camera performance. HTC is also the equipment manufacturer for Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones, which also have been praised for their camera quality. Three iPads could come Q2 2017, but no iPad mini refresh? Information from the supply chain suggests Apple could be launching three new iPad models in the second quarter of 2017. It is said that along with an updated 12.9 inch iPad Pro, Apple will be bringing out new iPad Pro models with screen sizes between 10 and 10.5 inches. The company will keep a 9.7 inch iPad as the entry level option, potentially suggesting the end of the road for the iPad mini. In other Apple news pertaining to India, the company is said to be meeting top officials from the IT and finance ministries in January, to discuss demands for setting up a manufacturing unit in the country. Nintendo Switch may cost $250 A report from Japan’s financial newspaper Nikkei suggests that the much-anticipated portable and home gaming console, Nintendo Switch, may end up costing $250 (roughly Rs. 17,000) for buyers, when it is officially unveiled on January 12. The price may have been decided owing to the same price point of previous Nintendo consoles. In related news, pricing of compatible accessories has leaked too. Tags: Nokia 6, HMD Global, iPhone, Apple, Samsung, Gear S3, Gear S2, Gear Fit2, Lenovo P2, Xiaomi, Mi Bunny, Nokia Viki, HTC, iPad, iPad Pro, Nintendo Switch, CES 2017, CES Rohan Naravane Email Rohan Rohan Naravane is often torn between what Apple and Google has to offer. His life revolves around gadgets, television, and conversations over coffee or drinks, mostly ... More Apple to Launch 3 iPad Models in Q2 2017; No New iPad mini: Report Flipkart Names New CEO; Binny Bansal Elevated to Flipkart Group CEO Nokia 6 Launched, iPhone's 10th Birthday, Lenovo P2 Launch, and More: Your 360 Daily MESSAGE Rohan Naravane Fields marked with * are mandatory From: *   Email:   Message: *   2000             Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace Swipe Konnect Grand Huawei P8 Lite (2017) HTC U Play Gionee Steel 2 HTC U Ultra Ziox Mobiles Astra Metal 4G Asus Zenfone Pegasus 3S Nokia 6 ZTE Blade V8 Samsung Galaxy J1 (4G) Coolpad Conjr Alcatel A3 XL Xolo Era 2X ZTE Blade V8 Pro Asus ZenFone AR Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Popular OnePlus 3T Lenovo P2 iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Nokia Phones Vivo V5 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Latest Videos 03:13 360 Daily: Nintendo Switch, Nokia 6 Registrations, and More 03:16 How to Turn Off Push Notifications on Your Computer and Smartphone 03:46 Nintendo Switch: Five Things You Need To Know 02:38 How to Find Your Lost Smartphone 02:19 HTC U Ultra and HTC U Play First Look More Videos» OPINIONS ALL AUTHORS Rohan Naravane Why Any Modular Gadget Should Be Taken With a Pinch of Salt Akhil Arora How I Learned to Buy Less and Live More Gopal Sathe So, What's the Deal With These Convenience Fees? Advertisement Recent SpaceX Poised to Launch for First Time Since September Blast Moto G5, Moto G5 Plus Likely to Be Unveiled at February 26 MWC Event Nokia 6 Registration Crosses 500,000 Ahead of January 19 Flash Sale WhatsApp Denies Encrypted Messages Can Be Intercepted Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro With 5.7-Inch Super AMOLED Display Goes Official Microsoft Buys AI Firm in Virtual Assistant Battle With Amazon, Google LeEco Gets Fresh $2.18 Billion Investment From Property Developer Sunac Samsung Galaxy S8 to Sport Bezel-Less AMOLED Display, Tip Promo Videos Sony Entertainment CEO Exiting to Become Snap Chairman Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace With 4G VoLTE Support Launched in India More News TRENDING Reliance Jio Broadband Being Tested: What You Need to Know Lenovo P2 Launch, Airtel Payments Bank, and More News This Week Nokia 8 With 6GB of RAM, Snapdragon 835 Spotted in the Wild 250,000 Registrations in 24 Hours for Nokia 6's First Sale: Report Six Things You Need to Know About Resident Evil 7 Before Buying Nokia to Unveil More Android Smartphones on February 26 Nokia 6 Registration Crosses 500,000 Ahead of January 19 Flash Sale WhatsApp to Rollout an 'Enterprise' Service Later This Year? Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace With 4G VoLTE Support Launched in India Redmi Note 4 India Launch Date, Flipkart's iPhone Deals, More: 360 Daily Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
facebook twitter pinterest facebook twitter pinterest All News  Mobile Phones Events Apple iPhone  BlackBerry Concept Phones Google Nexus  HTC  LG Microsoft Motorola  Nokia  Samsung  Sony  Phone Comparison  Accessories Mobile games Apps Android OS Apps iOS Apps BlackBerry Apps Windows Phone Apps Other Apps Software  Android OS  BlackBerry OS  iOS Windows OS  Other Software Tablet Video Hands-On Reviews  Phone Comparison Others Skip to content Homepage Tablet PC New Apple iPad 2017 lineup discussed but no iPad mini 5 New Apple iPad 2017 lineup discussed but no iPad mini 5 Categories Tablet PCAuthor by Debbie Turner January 9, 2017 1,114 0 The tablet market may not be as hot as it once was but the next iPads from Apple will still generate plenty of attention. Apple device fans are looking forward to a real refresh for 2017 iPads. While there’s some good news on this score, the news is not so good for those hoping for an iPad mini 5. The new Apple iPad 2017 lineup has been discussed by an analyst, and it appears that three versions are on the way. Let’s get the 5th generation iPad mini out of the way first, as many have been waiting for a new iteration. The news comes from Ming-Chi Kuo, a well-known KGI Securities analyst, who has just issued a new note to investors. There’s no mention of a new iPad mini 2017, disappointing news for those who were waiting although an arrival later in the year cannot be ruled out. Instead it’s reported that the three new Apple tablets in the iPad lineup will all be of the larger variety. These are said to be releasing at some point between April and June this year, and will consist of an iPad Pro 12.9 revamp, a cheaper 9.7-inch iPad Pro, and a fresh design sized between 10 and 10.5 inches. Some of this ties in with earlier iPad leaks and Kuo has a good reputation for accurate details about upcoming Apple products. The analyst anticipates that the 10+ and 12.9-inch iPad Pros will pack a souped-up A10 processor (currently used in the iPhone 7) dubbed the A10X from Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. Alternatively the lower-cost iPad Pro 9.7 could be using the iPhone 6S’s A9 chip made by Samsung. Furthermore Kuo predicts that the most popular of the new iPads will be the budget 9.7-inch version and forecasts that this will account for 60-70% of shipments. Furthermore it’s forecast that shipments of iPads will fall again, but not by as much as 2016. Regarding this Kuo says that “the worst has passed” and expects a boost in revenue from the next iPads. What do you think about this latest Apple iPad 2017 news? Are you disappointed that there may not be an iPad mini 5 just yet? Via: Apple Insider Tags appleiOSiPadiPad Mini Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Add to Google+ Add to Pinterest Post navigation Previous article Previous post: Nokia 6 vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 and more in specs outline Next article Next post: Asus ZenFone Pegasus 3S announced with Huge Battery and Low Price Live Comment Your email address will not be published. Cancel Reply NAME* EMAIL* WEBSITE COMMENT Search Search for: Recommended posts ODI India vs England live score and video via top free apps UK Lenovo P2 and Huawei Mate 9 price news, now on sale LG G6 battery will feature Heat Pipe technology Lenovo K6 Note battery testing vs Moto G4 Plus and more Catspad Smart Feeder arrives to help Felines stay Healthy Huawei P8 Lite 2017 is official with 4GB of RAM and Fingerprint Scanner Wileyfox Swift 2X gets listed for £219 in the UK Official Australian Open Tennis 2017 app for Android and iOS goes live Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge US listing, Sprint, Virgin, Boost Mobile, Best Buy Nokia 8 smartphone specs leak reveals 24MP camera Recent Comments Chris Jordan on Oukitel U7 Plus Review January 6, 2017 Govind Tiwari on Panasonic Eluga Mark 2 released as Flipkart exclusive for Rs. 10,499 December 26, 2016 XBURK on BlackBerry Mercury design leak shows an interesting approach December 24, 2016 Adam on Oukitel U15 Pro Review December 21, 2016 Jonas on Oukitel U15 Pro Review December 19, 2016 Featured Posts LG G6 battery will feature Heat Pipe technology January 15, 2017 Wileyfox Swift 2X gets listed for £219 in the UK January 15, 2017 Lenovo K6 Note battery testing vs Moto G4 Plus and more January 15, 2017 ODI India vs England live score and video via top free apps January 15, 2017 Catspad Smart Feeder arrives to help Felines stay Healthy January 14, 2017 About us Phonesreview.co.uk, obviously as the name suggests is a site dedicated around the news of the present day Mobile Phones. Handsets have gone through an entire reformation, from the old chunky mobile phones to new world of hybrid devices such as SmartPhones and PDAs. Phones Review reports about all the hottest announcements, launches and ongoing developments in the world of the portable electronic mobile devices. Recent posts LG G6 battery will feature Heat Pipe technology January 15 2017 Wileyfox Swift 2X gets listed for £219 in the UK January 15 2017 Lenovo K6 Note battery testing vs Moto G4 Plus and more January 15 2017 Tags android ANdroid 2.3 Gingerbread Android Ice Cream Sandwich Android Jelly Bean apple apple ipad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPhone App Store att BlackBerry Concept Phone games google Google Play htc HTC One india iOS iphone iPhone 3GS iPhone 4 iPhone 4S iPhone 5 iPhone 5S iPhone 6 iPhone Accessories itunes LG microsoft Motorola Nokia palm rim Samsung Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy S3 Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S5 smartphone smartphones t-mobile updates verizon Windows Phone 7 Contact About Us Privacy Advertise Copyright 2016 · Phonesreview.Co.Uk
Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Pinterest Sign up for our Newsletter Toggle Close Fashion Beauty Entertainment Sex & Relationships Health Living News 51 Million Women of the Year The Girl Project Inspire a Difference Video Log In Register In This Issue Free Stuff Promos Apps Newsletters Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On Pinterest News and Politics 51 Million Women of the Year The Girl Project Inspire a Difference Subscribe Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Pinterest Sign up for our Newsletter Search Facebook Twitter Pinterest News and Politics The iPhone Turns 10: How It's Changed Through the Years By Chelsea Stone January 9, 2017 12:18 pm Pinterest Facebook Steve Jobs holds up the first iPhone that was introduced at Macworld on January 9, 2007. PHOTO: David Paul Morris/Getty Images It's hard to imagine a time before the iPhone, because—during the last ten years—the device has changed, well, everything. Today marks a full decade since the first model hit the market, and did its part to make Apple the most valuable company in the world. “iPhone is an essential part of our customers' lives, and today more than ever it is redefining the way we communicate, entertain, work and live,” Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a statement celebrating the iPhone's anniversary. “iPhone set the standard for mobile computing in its first decade and we are just getting started. The best is yet to come.” Here, a look back at each iteration of the game-changing phone, and how it's evolved through the years. 2007: iPhone Pinterest Facebook PHOTO: Apple Here it is. The OG smartphone. Though this clunky, thick device laid the groundwork for what would become the model we know and love today, it lacked a few components we now consider non-negotiable. Namely, an App Store. Yes, there was a time you couldn't play [insert addictive game of your choice here] on your phone. 2008: iPhone 3G Pinterest Facebook PHOTO: Apple Though the design didn't change much in a year, finally, the App Store cometh. Plus, the added "G" in its name refers to the now-available 3G data capabilities of the phone. Let the browsing commence! 2009: iPhone 3GS Pinterest Facebook PHOTO: Apple The 2009 iPhone might still look a bit stubby, but it's what's on the inside that counts. This iPhone was markedly faster. The "S" does stand for speed after all. 2010: iPhone 4 Pinterest Facebook PHOTO: Apple The new design that blew our 2010 minds. At this point in iPhone history, the device went from curvy body to straight, sleek lines complete with rounded corners. This iPhone also was the first to feature a selfie innovation: the front-facing camera. Oh, and we finally could FaceTime. 2011: iPhone 4s Pinterest Facebook PHOTO: Apple The next iPhone had but one major difference from its predecessor. In 2011, we first met Siri, the futuristic voice assistant who we still love to mess with. 2012: iPhone 5 Pinterest Facebook PHOTO: Apple With the iPhone 5 finally came larger screens, but also introduced that new charging port that today's iPhones boast. Remember how upset you were at having to trash your chargers and buy new ones? Ah, those were the days. 2013: iPhone 5c Pinterest Facebook PHOTO: Apple The iPhone 5c was released at the same time as its more expensive counterpart, the 5s (below). What set this guy apart? Obviously, the fact that you could now own an iPhone in every color of the rainbow. 2013: iPhone 5s Pinterest Facebook PHOTO: Apple The 5s was pricier, yet sleeker with it's metallic color options. But it also introduced us to Touch ID, the ability to unlock with just your fingerprint, and iOS 7, which eliminated the drop shadow look behind the apps in favor of a more modern, flat design. 2014: iPhone 6 and 6 Plus Pinterest Facebook PHOTO: Apple The iPhone went big in its next iteration. The 6 Plus was the first model to be extra large, and both phones featured a curved, ultra-thin design. Other improvements? A better camera, faster processor and a lighter feel. 2015: iPhone 6s and 6s Plus Pinterest Facebook PHOTO: Apple Not much changed from 6 to 6s, though we did first see the advent of 3D Touch and Live Photos. 2016: iPhone SE Pinterest Facebook PHOTO: Apple This version of the iPhone was made for those who think small is best. Though it's tiny and reminiscent of older models, all the tech inside is up to date, natch. 2016: iPhone 7 and 7 Plus Pinterest Facebook PHOTO: Apple Finally, we arrive at the present day. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus came out in late 2016 to much discourse. Apple opted to remove the headphone jack and introduced a brand new matte-black finish. Plus, the home button and camera both got major upgrades. Time really does fly. Here's to the next 10 years. Keywords: iphone apple snd Most Popular Fashion See All the Looks From the Golden Globes 2017 Red Carpet Fashion 26 Things to Buy at American Apparel Before It Closes Forever Fashion 13 Small Bags That Meet the Women's March Size Requirements Fashion 9 Unexptected Shoes-and-Tights Combos to Try This Winter Shopping 26 Things to Buy at American Apparel Before It Closes Forever By Perrie Samotin 5 hours ago News and Politics You Have to Read This Brutal Trump Takedown Disguised as a TV Listing By Perrie Samotin 9 hours ago News and Politics Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus Is Shutting Down After 146 Years By Chelsea Stone 10 hours ago Celebrity Gossip Chilling New Details Emerge About Kim Kardashian's Paris Robbery By Chelsea Stone 11 hours ago TV Alec Baldwin Predictably Let the Pee Jokes Flow as Trump on 'SNL' By Chelsea Stone 12 hours ago Body Image This Fitness Star Took Side-By-Side Photos to Send a Powerful Message About "Bikini Bodies" By Erin Reimel a day ago related InspiredHere's Why Sasha Obama Wasn't at Her Dad's Farewell Address EntertainmentBFF Dream Team Maisie Williams and Sophie Turner Just Took a Big Step in Their Relationsh… FashionPeople Are Not Happy That Trump Just Tweeted About L.L. Bean Follow UsGet up-to-the-instant updates and inspiring dispatches. Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Pinterest Follow Us On Instagram Get the NewsletterYour daily dose of the latest in fashion, beauty, and entertainment--delivered straight to your inbox Sign Up Privacy Policy Subscription Services Contact Glamour Reprints/Permissions Newsletter Signup Site Map RSS Advertise With Us UK Greece France Hungary Germany Poland Spain Sweden Russia Netherlands Mexico and Latin America South Africa Condé Nast Store Careers Glamour Media Kit Visit Other Condé Nast Sites ©2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/2014) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/2014). Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login China tells app stores to register with the government 12 iPhone reviews in 3 minutes for its 10th anniversary The Public Access Weekly: Switch lanes Latest in Gear Canada may have delivery drones in service by late 2017 1h ago View China tells app stores to register with the government 6h ago View Volkswagen's modern Microbus remake, and more in the week that was 9h ago View Ben Heck's Xbox One S laptop 10h ago View Image credit: Tony Avelar/AFP/Getty Images save Save share The iPhone's legacy, 10 years later Apple's smartphone took existing tech and made it accessible to everyone. Jon Fingas, @jonfingas 01.09.17 in Mobile Comments 1638 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Tony Avelar/AFP/Getty Images January 9th, 2017 is a milestone day in the technology world: It's the 10th anniversary of Apple's iPhone. Yes, it's been a full decade since Steve Jobs took to the stage and introduced the device that many credit with defining the modern smartphone. But was it an overnight revolution? Well, no. Despite all the initial hype, the iPhone actually represents a gradual reinvention strung across many years. It wasn't the first out of the gate with many basic concepts, but its fresh approaches to those concepts helped smartphones escape their niche business-tool status and become the must-have companion devices they are now. The most conspicuous improvement is the one that's likely staring you in the face: the touchscreen. While touch-enabled phones were far from a novelty in 2007 (PalmOS and Windows Mobile had supported it for years), Apple was the first to implement a touchscreen you wanted to use. Most touch displays at the time were resistive (pressure-based), with all the precision and sensitivity of a billy club. Complex gestures were out of the question, and you frequently had to use a stylus with interfaces that simply weren't meant for your fingers. It's no wonder why many touch-capable phones at the time still had keyboards and directional pads. Why poke at the screen when it was less painful to tap buttons? The iPhone's capacitive screen and multifinger touch interface were revelations in comparison. Not only could you ditch the pen -- you could use intuitive gestures like flicks and pinches. You could focus on actually getting things done instead of fighting with controls, and apps like the web browser (which was the first truly full-featured mobile browser, we'd add) were a joy to use. Even in 2007, it was clear to many that large capacitive touchscreens were the future. Most big phone makers started shifting away from resistive displays and physical buttons, and those that were slow to change (BlackBerry and Nokia, in particular) wound up struggling. Apple definitely wasn't alone in spurring the adoption of modern touch: Android helped it take off in a big way, particularly when the Motorola Droid arrived in 2009. The iPhone got the ball rolling, though, and it's safe to say that the shift toward touch wouldn't have happened so quickly without Apple's help. It wasn't just hardware that made a difference, as the iPhone was also crucial to jump-starting the market for smartphone apps. Mobile software certainly existed before, but the industry was almost hostile to its very existence. You often had to "just know" where to find apps, and those portals that existed either demanded exorbitant royalties from developers or were controlled by carriers eager to exclude apps that competed with their services. Even installation and updates were awkward. It wasn't uncommon to find smartphone owners who'd never downloaded a third-party app. Why would they when they didn't know where to go or what to do, and creators frequently shied away? Enter Apple's App Store, introduced alongside the iPhone 3G in 2008. It suddenly gave legions of smartphone owners easy access to third-party software. Moreover, the barriers to making and selling those apps were much lower -- when there were straightforward tools, better royalties and millions of potential customers, even tiny teams could make blockbuster hits. Mobile apps quickly became much more popular, and in some cases vital. Would social services like Instagram and Snapchat be as big as they are today if the App Store hadn't made their concepts practical? Would smart homes or wearables exist if you couldn't easily get the apps that make them work? The app model that the iPhone pioneered made built-in software stores virtually mandatory on smartphones, and those handsets wouldn't be as dominant as they are today if there weren't an abundance of apps to fulfill tasks that would otherwise require a PC. The iPhone hasn't always changed the game quite so dramatically. In many cases, it was more about nudging technology forward just enough that it became popular. Take video chat, for instance. The concept certainly existed before FaceTime arrived with the iPhone 4 in 2010 (more than a few phones already had front-facing cameras), but it was Apple's dead-simple approach that made the difference. If you had someone's phone number, you could start a video call. There were no special carrier fees or complex video conferencing solutions to fight with. While FaceTime didn't conquer the world the way the App Store or multitouch screens did, it spurred demand for video chat services and served as the template for extra-simple apps like Google Duo. You can even argue that some tech wouldn't have gotten very far without an iPhone boost. Fingerprint readers are the classic examples. Before the iPhone 5s, fingerprint scanners on phones were frequently more trouble than they were worth (ahem, Motorola Atrix). Touch ID simplified it down to a quick and easy tap, and spawned the surge in fingerprint readers you're seeing in everything from the latest Samsung Galaxy through to the Google Pixel. Recent efforts to get rid of passwords might not be as feasible if fingerprint readers still required multiple swipes. Mobile payments got a similar bump. There's no doubt that the iPhone was late to the tap-to-pay party when Google Wallet and other options were available years earlier, but Apple Pay was the first to really get some traction. It didn't require carrier support, special apps or other convoluted terms -- you just had to keep your thumb on your home button while buying your coffee. Android Pay and Samsung Pay certainly do some things better, but there's little doubt where they got the basic idea for their fingerprint-based shopping. And let's not forget voice-recognition. Although Google Assistant and Microsoft's Cortana have clear advantages, it was Siri on the iPhone 4S that kicked off the concept of a built-in, AI-powered assistant. Before then, voice commands were primarily restricted to direct, robot-like instructions. The iPhone introduced plain-language questions, contextual answers and other concepts that many take for granted today. To be sure, the iPhone has sometimes been (and occasionally, still is) on the trailing edge. It took until 2014 to get an iPhone larger than 4 inches, well after Steve Jobs was convinced nobody would buy one. You can't use the near-field wireless for anything but payments. You also can't add removable storage, swap your battery or get a greater-than-1080p screen. And of course, enthusiasts who insist on choice and customization still have a good reason to prefer Android or Windows 10 Mobile. Even so, it's evident that the iPhone has created a vast legacy over the past 10 years. One way or another, the smartphone in your pocket owes a small debt to what Apple has done, whether it's the basic design or a feature you use every day. And the competitive landscape has forever changed. All the rival smartphone platforms from 2007 either died or lost most of their relevance, and you can trace their downfalls back to their inability to adapt to the iPhone's breakthroughs in a timely way -- even if Android was sometimes the one to sound the death knell. The next 10 years probably won't be nearly as revolutionary given how mature the smartphone market is these days, but that doesn't diminish the iPhone's accomplishments. Image credits: Kiyoshi Ota/Getty Images; David Paul Morris/Bloomberg via Getty Images; Reuters/Maxim Zmeyev In this article: anniversary, apple, applepay, appstore, facetime, gear, iphone, mobile, siri, smartphone, video By Jon Fingas @jonfingas Jon has led a double-sided life: he grew up with technology as a youngling but spent much of his time in academia learning to write.  Thankfully, people have been making jobs for people like him.  When he's not telling you why stock Android beats custom, he's firing up a game or engaging in some street photography. 1638 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 28m 28m ago in Politics Virginia bill would effectively ban city-run broadband Not surprisingly, cable companies are behind it. By J. Fingas,  28m ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago in Robots Canada may have delivery drones in service by late 2017 The country has approved its first UAV test range ahead of a launch this year. By J. Fingas,  1h ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago in Space Japan's experimental mini rocket launch ends in failure It was supposed to break new ground, but only highlighted problems with the space program. By J. Fingas,  3h ago save Save share View 4h 4h ago in Internet PBS' new kids' channel lets you flip between streams and games Children can take a hands-on approach when passive viewing isn't enough. By J. Fingas,  4h ago save Save share View 6h 6h ago in Mobile China tells app stores to register with the government It's a security measure, but it also enables stricter censorship. By J. Fingas,  6h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile/Software/Gallery/Video MobileSoftware iOS 11 for iPhone 8 concept imagines crazy circular UI By Todd Haselton | January 9, 2017 Share What if Apple took the circular user interface from the Apple Watch and brought it to the iPhone? That’s what a new concept from Concepts iPhone imagines. Indeed, the video you see below is a concept of iOS 11, the presumed next major iOS release. It may or may not launch next September, but I can almost certainly tell you it won’t look like what you see above. In the video, you see a user interface that’s focused on small orbs, each representing an icon, with the primary in-use app front and center. It’s called CIRQLE UI, a fitting albeit silly name that calls forth the “web 2.0” names of startups of yesteryear. Yuck. If I’m frank, I don’t like CIRCLE UI very much. I don’t mean to knock the artist at all, I know these things take time. It’s just this imagination of iOS 11 seems to waste far too much space on the homescreen, perhaps even more than iOS 10 already does (is that even possible?) Give us widgets, give us something that feels alive. You might feel different, so check out the short video of this iOS 11 concept below. Source ConceptsiPhone Topics #Apple #Apple #iOS 11 #iPhone 8 Todd Haselton Follow Follow Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Recent Posts Twitter will stream PBS’ Inauguration coverage on Jan. 20 Google Play Music highlights bands to watch in 2017 JRPGs on the Nintendo Switch – What do we have to look forward to? Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2017 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Outdoors Business More News Features DT10 Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Apple > MacBook Pro saves life of man in Florida airport… MacBook Pro saves life of man in Florida airport shooting By Brinke Guthrie — January 8, 2017 11:09 AM Share Subscribe on YouTube Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Apple users are well known as being quite devoted to their various devices, and one man has a critical reason for his loyalty to the brand. Steve Frappier’s MacBook Pro quite possibly saved his life. Five people were killed and eight others injured in the tragic Friday shooting at the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport, and Frappier told CNN’s Anderson Cooper that if not for the computer in his backpack, he may have also been one of the victims. On CNN’s “AC360” show, Frappier said “The backpack saved my life. (I) dropped and the backpack was still on my back and I was turned in such a way where that at one point when the shooter shot toward my direction … there was a bullet that ricocheted.” He went on to say “I felt something hit my back. It was only later when I went to the bathroom to check myself out that the bullet had entered my backpack, hit my laptop and then later when I gave my backpack over to the FBI for investigation they found the bullet in the pocket of my backpack.” More: Apple’s Phil Schiller wants to ‘understand’ MacBook Pro battery issues At this point, Frappier is counting his lucky stars. “The way that it ricocheted and entered my bag. That would have been my back,” he continued. “It hit just so through the open backpack, exited, ran through the laptop and the casing and landed in an interior pocket of the backpack.” Mac enthusiast website 9 to 5 Mac reports that this isn’t the first time a Apple product has taken a bullet for its owner. An iPhone 5c was the hero back in 2015. The phone was in the victim’s pocket, taking the brunt of the shot. Police stated “had that phone not been in his pocket at that time he would undoubtedly have died.” Share
Top News National City Islamabad Karachi Lahore Muzaffarabad Opinion Editorial Articles Voice of People Contributors Zahid Malik M Ziauddin Masood Khan Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg Bipin Dani Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg Khalid Saleem Kuldip Nayar M D Nalapat M Ziauddin Masood Khan Robert Clements Salahuddin Haider Sultan M Hali The Spirit Of Islam Zahid Malik Sultan M Hali Khalid Saleem M D Nalapat Kuldip Nayar Bipin Dani Salahuddin Haider Robert Clements Business Economy Watch Islamic Banking & Finance Sports World Health e-paper Social Diary Search Home Contact Us LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password Pakistan Observer Top News National City Islamabad Karachi Lahore Muzaffarabad Opinion Editorial Articles Voice of People Contributors Zahid Malik M Ziauddin Masood Khan Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg AllBipin DaniGen (R) Mirza Aslam BegKhalid SaleemKuldip NayarM D NalapatM ZiauddinMasood KhanRobert ClementsSalahuddin HaiderSultan M HaliThe Spirit Of IslamZahid Malik Articles Ugliest man in the world..! Articles Should good ties with Russia be Trump’s priority? Articles State of our electronic media Articles Sons of liberty Sultan M Hali Khalid Saleem M D Nalapat Kuldip Nayar Bipin Dani Salahuddin Haider Robert Clements Business Economy Watch Islamic Banking & Finance Sports World Health e-paper Social Diary Home Economy Watch Samsung S7, S7 Edge overtake Apple’s iPhone Economy Watch Samsung S7, S7 Edge overtake Apple’s iPhone By Webmaster - July 25, 2016 0 475 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Staff Reporter Lahore—The flagship devices Galaxy S7 and S7-EDGE from the world’s largest smartphone manufacturer Samsung are sold in greater quantities than the Apple’s iPhone 6S and 6S-Plus during a three-month period ending in May. Almost 16 per cent of customers preferred a Samsung Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7-Edge on Apple’s iPhone 6S and 6S-Plus and only 14.6 per cent people purchased an iPhone 6S or 6S-Plus during this period. No doubt, it is a significant achievement for the South Korean smartphone manufacturer. Apple’s iPhone 6S and 6S-Plus were released in September last year while the Samsung’s Galaxy S7 and S7-EDGE were announced in March this year with exciting and attractive Virtual Reality (VR) offer. But, the bad news for Samsung is that Apple is still dominating the customer satisfaction ranking. 88 per cent of Apple’s customers stick to the iPhone and don’t change their brand. On the other hand, 86 per cent of Samsung’s customers intend to stay loyal. Fourteen per cent of the people who purchase Apple’s iPhone devices used Samsung previously. Only 5 per cent of the Samsung’s sales came from people switching away from Apple. The reason for this difference is the fact that people get a lot of options available when they decide to change Apple’s iOS-based device with the Google’s Android-based gadget. Share this: Print Email Tweet Related SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous article992 scientists engaged to boost industrial production Next articleNew office of smart Taxi service ‘Careem’ inaugurated Webmaster RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Economy Watch Pakistan to sign FTA with Turkey, Thailand Economy Watch Index gains 175 points in roller-coaster week Economy Watch Global food prices fall for 5th year in a row: UN Digital Newspaper Social Diary International Conference on Language Literature Society Management Founder: Zahid Malik Editor: Faisal Zahid Malik Executive Editor: Gauhar Zahid Malik Editor Social Diary: Sadia Zahid Malik E-Mail : socialdiarymag@gmail.com magazinesocialdiary@hotmail.com Resident Editor Lahore: ..... E-Mail: obslhr@pakobserver.net Resident Editor Peshawar: Tariq Saeed E-Mail: obspwr@pakobserver.net Group Director : Khurram Jaffrani E-Mail: khurram_jaffrani@hotmail.com Director Marketing : Naveed Ahmad Khan Cell # 0300-5129008 Contact Us Online Edition : Q Malik / Ch Imran Zafar E-Mail: webmaster@pakobserver.net Islamabad: 051-2852027, 051-2852028 E-Mail : observer@pakobserver.net Karachi: 021-35308446-49 E-Mail : obskhi@pakobserver.net Lahore: 042-36306666, 36303333 E-Mail : obslhr@pakobserver.net ABOUT USHead Office Address: Daily Pakistan Observer, Ali AKbar House , Markez G-8, Islamabad Contact us: observer@pakobserver.net FOLLOW US Home Health Voice of People © Copy Rights Reserved . Daily Pakistan Observer MORE STORIES ECC approves proposal for transfer of HMC to Strategic Plans Division/PAEC June 15, 2016 Japan extends $1.96m grant for installation of FRS at airports July 5, 2016 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Top Apple insider says brand new iPad with edgeless display will launch this year – BGR Posted on January 9, 2017 by BGR Despite Apple’s best efforts to resuscitate its sluggish iPad lineup, sales of Apple’s iconic tablet reached a 5-year low last quarter. Specifically, iPad sales during Apple’s recent September quarter checked in at 9.26 million units, marking a 6 … Apple to launch three iPads in 2017, report saysMashable Apple will reportedly release 3 new iPads in 2017Business Insider Three new iPads coming this spring, says noted Apple analystThe Verge New York Post -TechnoBuffalo -SlashGear -International Business Times all 75 news articles …read more wrote 24922 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Iridium’s NEXT Generation Celebrates Launch of First 10 Satellites – SatNews Publishers Samsung Reportedly Just Revealed Why Its Note 7s Kept Catching Fire – Fortune ANALYSIS-China, Europe drive shift to electric cars as U.S. lags – Nasdaq Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader – Business Insider After Government Threatens Fines, Facebook Will Test Out Fake News Filtering in Germany – Gizmodo Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Energy Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Biotech Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Geek Life & Style Viral Celebrities Reviews Video Games Features Tech Science Health Culture Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Apple Device Sales Will Surpass Microsoft Shipments This Year 9 January 2017, 9:44 am EST By Samantha Dean Tech Times Apple - Here's What You May Not KnowNow Playing The Evolution of iPhoneNow Playing A report from research firm Gartner Inc., forecasts that Windows-powered device shipments will be surpassed by Apple’s macOS and iOS device shipments in 2017. The gap in shipment is expected to grow further in the next two years.  ( Jack Taylor | Getty Images ) Advertisement For the first-time ever this century, Apple's operating system-powered smart device shipments are poised to overtake that of Microsoft's Windows 10-powered gadgets. According to a report from research firm Gartner Inc., this year, Apple's macOS and iOS platforms (combined) which fuel its Macs and iPhones/iPads respectively, will move to the second spot (behind Android) in the device shipment stakes for 2017 - displacing Windows OS in the process. Moreover, the gap between the Windows and the Apple OS is estimated to increase in the ensuing years i.e. 2018 and 2019, with Apple surpassing Microsoft. Per Gartner's estimations, as revealed to publication Computerworld, Apple will supposedly ship 16 million more devices when compared to Microsoft in 2017. This difference is expected to swell further in 2018 to 23 million and ultimately, a difference of 28 million devices in 2019. By comparison, in 2016, Microsoft's Windows device shipments accounted for 260 million vis-à-vis iOS and OSX's combined 248 million. Microsoft's OS is expected to fuel nearly 252 million devices that will be shipped in 2017. A majority of these devices will be PCs. This figure is a year-over-year decline of 3 percent. The Windows OS will experience an almost zero growth rate in 2018 with 253 million devices. The ensuing year looks a shade promising for Microsoft as with 257 million device shipment estimates, the company's OS could account for a yearly growth rate of 1.8 percent. Growth Potential For Smart Devices Windows OS-powered devices have experienced a steady decline in the past five years. To illustrate, in 2012 Microsoft sold 350 million Windows PC vis-à-vis just 260 million in 2016. Apple, on the other hand, is reliant on its iPhones to a large extent to generate higher shipment volumes each year. While Apple too has faced stagnation, Gartner believes that next-gen iPhone 8's arrival this year will improve the scenario for the company, eventually propeling Apple forward in the context of total device shipments. "The global devices market is stagnating. Mobile phone shipments are only growing in emerging Asia/Pacific markets, and the PC market is just reaching the bottom of its decline," noted Gartner's research director Ranjit Atwal. Gartner does not have a positive outlook for smartphone sales in 2017 and expects it to remain flat. The research firm estimates that there will not be any substantial growth in shipments of traditional devices before 2018. The research firm attributes declining shipments for traditional devices to slower innovation rates, as well as saturation in the tech market. Consumers are greeted by similar products that have a standardized price and nothing unusual to offer. People will only upgrade when they have an exciting product to look forward, which will offer newer experiences. Apple is rumored to be working on exciting features for its iPhone 8, which could possibly house an iris scanner and have the home button embedded in the device's screen. Such functionality could propel the handset's sale. Microsoft, on the other hand, would be hoping that its Windows 10 Mobile OS deployed by smartphones such as the HP Elite X3 finds favour with consumers. TAG Apple, Microsoft, Gartner, Smart Devices © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles iPhone 8 Will Set New Sales Record, Predict Analysts Samsung Galaxy S8 To Come With Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Weak Apple Performance And Missed Goals Deal $1.5 Million Blow To CEO Tim Cook's Salary For 2016 Apple Retail Store Opening Soon In South Korea Apple To Decrease iPhone Production By 10 Percent In The First Quarter Of 2017: Report From Our Sponsor Under The Tree: Smart Christmas Packaging Tips From Packsize, The Pros In On-Demand Custom Packaging Tips on how to celebrate a merrier Christmas this year. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Most Popular 1 Ancient Newly Discovered Tombs In Egypt Have Remains Of Babies And Crocodiles 2 Car Tech Tesla Update: New Ludicrous+ Fires Up Tesla Model S P100D To Go From 0 To 60 In 2.4 Seconds 3 Smart Home WATCH: How To Make Alexa And Google Home Talk To Each Other In A Never-Ending Loop Advertisement 4 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Spotted On Geekbench Running On Android Nougat 5 Healthy Living/Wellness Eating Spicy Chili Pepper May Help You Live Longer 6 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Evolve Eevee Into Sylveon, Leafeon, Glaceon And More 7 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Samsung Galaxy S8: Is The Smartphone Worth The Wait? 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Nokia 6 Takes On OnePlus 3T: Camera Comparison Of The Two Smartphones [Video] 9 Internet Kickass Torrents Comeback Bombing? Pirate Bay, ExtraTorrent, Rarbg, Torrentz2, 1337x Remain Top Sites Despite KAT Return 10 Security WhatsApp's So-Called 'Backdoor' Is Not A Vulnerability But A Feature EDITOR'S PICKS Samsung Begins Rolling Out Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Android 7.0 Nougat Update: S6 Variants, Note 5 Next Witness Two Stars Colliding In 2022: How The Red Nova Will Be Visible From Earth [GIF] Asteroid Barely Missed Earth When It Flew By Closer Than The Moon On Monday Company That Wants To Mine The Moon Gets Enough Money For Maiden Lunar Flight Skull, Brain And Clumps Of Hair Found Inside Ovarian Tumor Of 16-Year-Old Kickass Torrents Comeback Bombing? Pirate Bay, ExtraTorrent, Rarbg, Torrentz2, 1337x Remain Top Sites Despite KAT Return Tesla vs Faraday Future: Should Elon Musk Be Worried? Child’s Toy Whirligig Inspired Stanford Researchers To Invent Low-Cost, Hand-Powered Blood Centrifuge Walmart App Lets Buyers Scan Items While Shopping And Skip Checkout Lane Life & Style More Life & Style Boy Grows Out Hair For 2 Years To Donate Wig To Friend With Alopecia WATCH: Diver Mathieu Villegas Captures The Icy Depths Of A Frozen Lake With His GoPro Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooting: Second Gunman Rumors Created Panic Mariah Carey Lip Sync Mishap: Diva Shrugs Off NYE Glitch In A Tweet Gun Violence A ‘Contagious’ Social Epidemic: Yale Study Man Charged With DUI After Testing Positive For Caffeine 2017 Predictions: Why Do Nostradamus, Baba Vanga And The Failed 'Blood Miracle' Spell Doom For The World? New Year's Eve Fun Facts: Beliefs And Traditions To Welcome 2017 TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.
Around AOTF × All News Reviews Opinion Videos Guides Rumors Platforms Xbox PlayStation PC/MAC Nintendo Mobile More Contact Us Write at AOTF Ethics Privacy Attack of the Fanboy Epic’s Tim Sweeney Criticizes Oculus Rift’s Closed Ideology, says Vive is Outselling it 2:1 By Kyle Hanson 2016 was touted by many as the “year of VR”, and with three major headsets launching in the span of a few months that moniker makes a lot of sense. While VR hasn’t completed it’s global video game takeover, the technology is starting to spread..... News Epic’s Tim Sweeney Criticizes Oculus Rift’s Closed Ideology, says Vive is Outselling it 2:1 Share Tweet by Kyle Hanson on January 9, 2017 2016 was touted by many as the “year of VR”, and with three major headsets launching in the span of a few months that moniker makes a lot of sense. While VR hasn’t completed it’s global video game takeover, the technology is starting to spread out beyond its early adopters. One of the big discussions among those early adopters, and among the game developers who are making the VR titles for them to play, is whether Oculus Rift or HTC Vive has the right idea about the future of VR. According to a new interview with Epic founder Tim Sweeney, he feels that Vive has the right idea. In the interview between Sweeney and Glixel, Sweeney talks a lot about VR and the future that it can provide. In terms of today’s market, he explains that lots of companies are taking the same approach as Apple, creating a closed off walled garden. “There’s a lot going on that’s wrong. Apple has a monopoly on iOS hardware. That’s fine. But they shouldn’t be able to tie that market to a monopoly on distributing software, on collecting in-app revenue from software. I should be able to go to a web page and download a new Epic game to my phone without Apple’s approval. I should be able to use Confederate flags, if that was our design choice, in our product.” Speaking about Oculus and how they are also taking this approach, Sweeney said “Yes. I think it’s the wrong model. When you install the Oculus drivers, by default you can only use the Oculus store. You have to rummage through the menu and turn that off if you want to run Steam. Which everybody does. It’s just alienating and sends the wrong message to developers. It’s telling developers: “You’re on notice here. We’re going to dominate this thing. And your freedom is going to expire at some point.” It’s a terrible precedent to set. I argued passionately against it.” Thankfully, it seems that Sweeney and the market agree and the open platform of HTC’s Vive is doing better so far. “But ultimately, the open platforms will win. They’re going to have a much better selection of software. HTC Vive is a completely open platform. And other headsets are coming that will be completely open. HTC Vive is outselling Oculus 2-to-1 worldwide. I think that trend will continue.” We don’t have official figures, but the Vive has seemed to sell better in most markets from what we’ve seen. Oculus Rift has the name recognition, but the controversies around it have been too great, causing backlash from buyers. With both headsets now caught up on the overwhelming demand at launch, it will be interesting to see if the trends continue and we end up with an open VR platform, or something closer to the iPhone. Calling All Writers: Become a contributor and write about games at AOTF! Say Something More About HTC Vive Oculus Rift Team says ‘2017 Should be Mind-Blowing’ For a long time 2016 was touted as the “year of VR”. With three separate VR headsets launching within months of each other, this title definitely fits. However, while thousands of gamers brought VR gaming into their homes, there is... Fist of Physics Delivers Giant Robot Fights in VR – Early Access Impressions Surgeon Simulator: ER is a Good Game that Runs Terribly Surgeon Simulator: ER Hits PlayStation VR Today, Vive Next Week VR Was “The Biggest Loser” In Sales This Year, Says SuperData UK: PlayStation VR Sales Set To Exceed Both HTC Vive And Rift Combined Related Popular HTC Vive Content The Oculus Rift is in Danger of Becoming Irrelevant Did you know that Oreos were a knock-off of another cookie? Seriously, the now ubiquitous creme-filled cookie that you surely ate a ton of as a child, and as an adult if you’re like me, was a total rip off... The Oculus Rift Launch is a Disaster I, like millions of other gamers, have been excited at the prospect of VR gaming for years now. At the forefront of this excitement has always been Oculus Rift, which kicked off what many are calling the VR revolution with... Oculus Rift ‘Should Include Ads’ says Facebook Exec The Oculus Rift was pretty much a consumer darling since its inception. Launching on Kickstarter, fans quickly rallied around the device and the company that was trying to make it. However, upon the news that Facebook had purchased Oculus, that... Take-Two CEO Not Sold On VR, Says It’s “Way Too Expensive” While the launch of VR happened earlier this year and has resulted in plenty of people jumping on board, there are still many people out there that aren’t sold on the new way to play. One such person is Take-Two... PlayStation VR Will Reportedly Sell 1.9 Million Units In 2016 While the Oculus Rift may be the headset that has gotten the most attention in the virtual reality space for gaming, there’s no question that the device will be getting a lot of competition this year as the initial wave... E3 2015: The Oculus Rift CV is Amazing, but the Resolution Could be a Problem – Hands-On Preview We are on the cusp of a possible VR revolution in gaming. Companies are falling all over themselves trying to get a working VR headset onto store shelves and into consumer’s homes. The one that started it all, the Oculus... Xbox’s Phil Spencer Hopes VR isn’t Essential to the Future of Gaming In an interview with Gamespot, head of Xbox Phil Spencer was asked about the potential future of gaming and how it might relate to VR. Spencer seems to be a fan of VR, saying that it offers a lot of... Oculus Rift for Xbox One and PS4 not a focus for developers With the popularity of first person games on consoles, you’d think that the Oculus Rift would be a sure bet for the Xbox One and PS4. Though according to the development team, it’s not a focus right now while the... What happens if Oculus Rift becomes popular? There’s been a surprising resurgence of 3D technology these days. 3D movies, 3D laptop screens, 3D-capable game consoles. It’s all an interesting sight to see. The anaglyphic 3D of old is long gone, replaced by its brother; stereoscopic. Back in... The Oculus Rift Price is Ridiculous and Endangers the Future of VR Today was supposed to be the day that virtual reality finally entered the market, ushering in the “Year of VR” as many had been calling it. However, what should have been a celebration has become the internet equivalent to a... © 2013 Modern Media Group LLC All rights reserved. | Attack of the Fanboy | Video Game News & Reviews facebook.com/attackofthefanboy twitter.com/FanboyAttack youtube.com/FanboyAttack RSS
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow Apple might be launching three new iPads this year 1.4k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? The new iPad size guessing game is on. Image: Kate Sommers-Daves/Mashable By Stan Schroeder2017-01-09 16:53:17 UTC The iPad mini might be going the way of the Dodo.  According to a note from usually-quite-accurate analyst Ming-Chi Quo from KGI Securities, Apple will be launching three iPads in 2017: a 12.9-inch one, a 9.7-inch one and another model that will have a 10-10.5-inch screen.  SEE ALSO: iPhone 8, AI and Trump: Welcome to Apple in 2017 The largest of the three will simply be a new version of Apple's iPad Pro, while the 9.7-inch model will be a "low-priced option," Quo claims, according to 9to5Mac.  The 10-to-10.5-inch model will be the most interesting of the three: A "high-end" model with a narrow bezel design, meaning it might actually have a smaller footprint than the 9.7-inch one.  The two larger models will come with an A10X chip, Quo claims, while the 9.7-inch model will have an A9 chip.  The iPad mini was not mentioned in the report. The smallest iPad was last updated in September 2015, when it was brought to version 4. We've heard all sorts of rumors about it recently; one said that it will be updated to iPad mini Pro, while a later one said it won't be updated at the next launch. While the iPad mini always felt like somewhat of an afterthought for Apple, its almost-pocketable form factor makes it a good alternative for people who don't like to lug around large bags just for their tablet.  However, while the bezels on the largest Pro model don't feel very big, there's room for improvement on the iPad mini and Air. The new 10-ish inch model (we've previously heard rumors about a 10.9-inch model) is rumored to have really tiny bezels, meaning it might effectively be close to the iPad mini's form factor.  All of this, as always, is deeply in rumor territory, and Apple hasn't made any official announcements about new iPads at this time. There's no precise timeline for the launch of these new iPads, but the new, mid-sized iPad should arrive in Q2 of 2017.  BONUS: Apple wants to replace your laptop with the powerful 9.7-inch iPad Pro Topics: Apple, Gadgets, iPad, iPad Mini, iPad Pro, kgi securities, rumors, Tech About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down mobile-icon PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf The Newest Linux Operating Systems and Who Should Try Them Linux The Newest Linux Operating Systems and Who Should Try Them Moe Long These Secret Google Pixel Features Will Convince You to Buy It Android These Secret Google Pixel Features Will Convince You to Buy It Kannon Yamada Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Apple Kills App That Helps You Find Your Airpods iPhone and iPad Tech News Apple Kills App That Helps You Find Your Airpods Dave Parrack January 9, 2017 09-01-2017 1 minute Apple Kills App That Helps You Find Your Airpods Facebook Twitter Pinterest MobileAppPage Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email An app that helps you find your lost AirPods sounds great, right? Wrong, at least as far as Apple is concerned. The third-party app was far from perfect, but a flawed solution is surely better than no solution. Apple announced the AirPods in September 2016 alongside the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. Unfortunately, delays in production meant the Apple AirPods didn’t go on sale until December 2016. And that’s when we discovered Apple will charge you $69 Apple Will Charge You $69 for Lost AirPods Apple Will Charge You $69 for Lost AirPods It's almost as if this courageous decision to ditch the headphone jack is a license for Apple to print money. But that can't be true, can it?! Read More when you lose one of your AirPods. Despite looking decidedly odd — like someone decided to snip the wire on your regular EarPods — Apple’s AirPods are actually rather good. There’s just one problem (apart from the aforementioned aesthetics): it’s rather easy to lose one, or the other, or both. Apple’s AirPods just sit in your ears. They’re a snug fit, but if you jerk your head suddenly, or start doing rigorous exercise, one can easily fly out. We’re pretty sure you could also lose one down the toilet without too much trouble. Especially when inebriated. Finder for AirPods Gets Lost Working on the assumption people will lose their AirPods on a regular basis, an iOS developer called Deucks created an app called Finder for AirPods. This app uses the strength of the Bluetooth signal to help you find your lost AirPods. Or at least it did until Apple killed it. According to Reddit, Apple removed Finder for AirPods after the company deemed it “not appropriate for the App Store”. What that actually means is anyone’s guess, but don’t be surprised to find a similar solution included in a future iteration of iOS. In the meantime, anyone who has already purchased the Finder for AirPods app can request a refund from Apple How to Get a Refund from iTunes & Mac or iPhone App Stores How to Get a Refund from iTunes & Mac or iPhone App Stores Whether you're using an iPhone, an iPad, or a Mac, Apple has a simple, straightforward system to ask for refunds or return items you didn't want. Read More . However, if you own AirPods and don’t fancy having to shell out $69 every time you lose one, be sure to take damn good care of them. Do you own a pair of Apple AirPods? Have you mislaid one or both? Even temporarily? Did you purchase the Finder for AirPods app? What did you think of it? Why do you think Apple removed Finder for AirPods from the App Store? Please let us know in the comments below! Previous PostUse Siri and Apple Reminders for the Best Shopping ListsNext PostFacebook Tests Showing Ads During Videos 2 comments Write a Comment RJM January 9, 2017 at 9:27 pm Will any bluetooth tracker work? I used one to find my fitbit all the time. Reply Rann Xeroxx January 9, 2017 at 8:55 pm How Apple gets away with the anti-competitive practices they do is beyond me. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Dave Parrack 1636 articles Dave Parrack is the Tech News and Entertainment editor at MakeUseOf. He hails from the UK, where he enjoys eating, drinking, and sleeping. Kinda like a cat. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Noontec Zoro II Wireless Headphones Review and Giveaway Noontec Zoro II Wireless Headphones Review and Giveaway Garmin Vivomove Sport Review and Giveaway Garmin Vivomove Sport Review and Giveaway UHANS H5000 Review and Giveaway UHANS H5000 Review and Giveaway Advertisement Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
msn back to msn home news web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines India Science & Tech Crime World Offbeat Photos Video War On Black Money Hot In News UP Polls 2017 Specials Local My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health Food Travel Autos Video News Sections India World Science & Tech Photos My Topics Local Apple’s iPhone turns 10: The secret history of how the iconic smartphone came to be Smart Company Jackson Stiles, The New Daily 09-01-2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Seven gadgets that rode the CES hype machine to disappointment Google shows improved self-driving system in Chrysler Pacifica © Provided by Private Media Operations Pty Ltd. Steve Jobs iPhone The iPhone, credited with redefining the mobile phone and helping make Apple one of the most valuable companies in the world along the way, marks its 10th anniversary today. Since it was first unveiled in 2007, the company has gone on to sell more than one billion units. Apple has introduced 11 new generations of the iPhone, drastically redesigning the device on several occasions, including the release of the first five-inch version in 2014. The phone also sparked the creation of the App Store, which launched in 2008 and has since been at the heart of the creation of a large number of hugely successful mobile app businesses, including the likes of Angry Birds, Uber and Deliveroo. It very nearly didn’t get off the ground.  How it all started On a stage in San Francisco, Steve Jobs, a balding tech genius in a black turtleneck and blue jeans, holds up a shiny black device and tells the world that ‘Apple Inc’, his newly renamed company, is about to “reinvent the phone”. “Every once in a while, a revolutionary product comes along that changes the world”, he tells the spellbound audience at the company’s annual MacWorld expo on January 9, 2007. It is a bold gamble, perhaps even a lie. The prototype Jobs holds up to the cameras barely works. His entire demonstration is a carefully planned sham: a game of smoke and mirrors. If anyone in the audience gets their hands on it, the device is more likely to freeze or randomly restart than work properly. For this reason, no one but Jobs is allowed to touch it. “The most advanced phones are called smartphones, so they say. And they typically combine a phone plus some email capability plus they say it’s the internet, sort of the ‘baby’ internet, in one device,” Jobs says. “The problem is they’re not so smart and they’re not so easy to use.” The truth is, neither is the iPhone he is holding—one of fewer than 100 prototypes in existence. For weeks, his team maps out a careful order of tasks they are reasonably certain the phone can handle. They call it the “golden path”. If Jobs does anything to the phone not on this list, or if he changes the order in any way, the device may crash, embarrassing him on the world stage. But if it works, Jobs may convince the tech industry, and a wider body of consumers, that Apple Inc really can deliver “an iPod, a phone and an internet communicator” all in one. The gamble pays off. These secrets are divulged in Battle of the Titans: How the Fight to the Death Between Apple and Google is Transforming our Lives, a 2013 book by tech journalist Fred Vogelstein. “There was even less they could do to make sure the phone call Jobs planned to make from the stage went through. All Grignon and his team could do was make sure the signal was good and pray. They had AT&T bring in a portable cell tower so they knew reception would be strong. Then, with Jobs’ support, they preprogrammed the phone’s display to always show five bars of signal strength regardless of the true signal. The chances of the radio’s crashing during the few minutes that Jobs would use it to make a call were small, but the chances of it crashing at some point during the ninety-minute presentation were high.”“The software in the iPhone’s Wi-Fi radio was so unstable that [software engineer Andy] Grignon and his team ultimately soldered antenna wires to the demo phones and ran them offstage along the wires to the projection setup. The iPhone would still connect wirelessly to the network, but the signal wouldn’t have to travel as far. Even then, Grignon and his team needed to make sure no one in the audience could get on the frequency they were using,” Vogelstein writes. Apple launches the iPhone in June that year, with many (but not all) of the bugs ironed out. The first iteration comes in two models: the 4GB or 8GB. They are initially only available through Cingular Wireless, a subsidiary of AT&T, then the biggest telco in the US. Years later, in 2013, a team of researchers from the United Arab Emirates publish a paper that theorises there have been three great ages of the smartphone. The first age is when smartphones are only for business people, with email, fax, camera and limited internet, and no more. The defining moment of the second age, so says the paper, is the advent of the iPhone, when portable computing is suddenly opened up to the masses. Greg Christie, then a senior software engineer at Apple, has also revealed in recent years that the phone had a codename, and that Jobs jealously guarded its secrets. Scott Forstall, a senior member of Apple’s software team, reportedly approaches Christie in late 2004 to ask if he wants to work on a secret project called “Purple”. He agrees and joins a “shockingly small” team. For several months, Christie meets Jobs twice a month in a windowless room on the second floor of Apple’s headquarters in Cuppertino, California. Only a handful of employees have access to the room, and cleaners are not allowed in. Security is tight.  Jobs reportedly demands that employees working on “Purple” at home must use a computer in a secluded part of the house to prevent anyone seeing details. All digital images are to be encrypted. Such has been the success of the iPhone that as an individual business the revenue generated by the phone alone exceeds that of some of its rivals, including Microsoft and Google. Increasing pressure from competitors—some would even say outright plagiarism—has eroded its market share. Sales of the iPhone dropped for the first time in its history in 2016. But its moment in history cannot be erased. Jackson Stiles is money editor at The New Daily, where this article was first published.  Never miss a story: sign up to SmartCompany’s free daily newsletter and find our best stories on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn and Instagram.  Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment More from Smart Company Facebook to introduce food, ticket ordering Smart Company Smart Company Visit Smart Company Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Terms of use About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Take MSN survey Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I am already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I am having problems with Top Destinations I am having issues with searching I am having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help and Support If you have any questions about MSN India, please contact our Grievance Officer at indiaGOMSN@microsoft.com | +91-11-46502222
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual CrunchiesWin A Trip To The Crunchies In San Francisco Enter To Win Today Apps Timehop founder Jon Wegener replaced as CEO by design lead Matt Raoul Sony Entertainment CEO Michael Lynton is now Snapchat’s chairman Salesforce’s Quip acquires ex-Facebook designer studio Unity&Variety Browse more... Samsung Airlines can now stop making those pre-flight warnings about the Galaxy Note 7 Next-gen Samsung EV battery gets 300+ miles of range from a 20-minute charge Samsung opens up iOS compatibility for its wearables Browse more... streaming TV Netflix & Amazon score a few Golden Globes, HBO won none ABC launches a suite of local news apps for Fire TV Sling TV set to debut the AirTV Player, which combines local channels, Sling’s service & Netflix Browse more... television Amazon launches the first of its own subscription VOD channels, Anime Strike Sling TV set to debut the AirTV Player, which combines local channels, Sling’s service & Netflix New streaming service BritBox brings British TV to the U.S. Browse more... tv Sling TV set to debut the AirTV Player, which combines local channels, Sling’s service & Netflix New streaming service BritBox brings British TV to the U.S. Amazon begins reselling Frontier’s internet service on its site Browse more... Samsung rolls out new smart TV services for sports, music & video, plus an updated mobile app Posted Jan 9, 2017 by Sarah Perez (@sarahintampa) 0 SHARES Next Story Facebook to test showing ads mid-video with publisher revenue split Apple last month released a new TV app in an attempt to centralize all the streaming TV options available across Apple TV, iPhone and iPad. Now, Samsung is rolling out its own take on the matter, with the launch of a trio of new Smart TV services focused on sports, music and video on demand. The services are a part of Samsung’s Smart Hub platform, which offers customers a way to navigate live TV, video on demand, and apps. As a part of this launch, Samsung will also update its Smart View app for iOS and Android, which offers a remote control, recommendations on what to watch, and other personalized notifications that work with the newly added services. Unlike Apple, Samsung, is able to bypass the need for a streaming media device because it built smart TV services directly into a number of its television sets. The company has now upgraded its Smart TV platform with the launch of three services: Sports, Music and TV Plus. In some cases, these services even one-up Apple on functionality that its more limited TV app doesn’t have. For example, Samsung customers can customize the new Sports service to receive alerts about when their favorite teams are playing, then click a button to tune-in. These alerts are pushed to both the TV and the smartphone via the updated Smart View application. The latter makes it possible to receive alerts even if your TV is switched off. Apple, meanwhile, also has a live tune in feature on Apple TV- you can tell Siri that you want to watch the game or ask her what games are on, and then the app streaming the game is launched for you. But Siri doesn’t know which teams you care about the most, or remind you to watch. Samsung says it’s working with partners on its Sports service, including NBC Sports, UFC and others. Samsung’s new “Music” service brings content from eight app partners to the smart TVs, including Spotify, iHeartRadio, Napster, Deezer, Sirius XM, Vevo, Melon and Bugs. Largely, this launch is focused on offering a more competitive app lineup to make Samsung TVs a more compelling alternative to standalone streaming media players, like Apple TV, Fire TV, Roku, Chromecast and others. However, the Music service has a few tricks of its own, too. Powered by Shazam, Samsung’s Smart TV users will be able to identify the songs you hear on live TV or from the programs you’re watching. The service will also include suggestions of new music you may like in the “Preview” section of the Smart Hub’s user interface. The third new service, TV Plus, was originally launched in Southeast Asia, but is now becoming available in the U.S. on select smart TVs, and will roll out to European users in April of this year. This feature of the Smart Hub platform is also somewhat competitive with Apple’s TV app as it aggregates TV and movie content from across services into a single interface. This includes on-demand TV shows as well as movies available for rent or purchase, like those from FandangoNow. Combined with Smart Hub’s ability to recommend shows you might like based on your prior viewing patterns, the updated platform across TV and mobile devices is not exactly a direct answer to Apple’s TV app, but it does attack the same overall goal: making the TV experience more personalized to users. Personalization is the new battleground for today’s streaming platforms, all of which have increased their efforts in this space in recent months. Roku’s “My Feed” lets you follow TV shows and movies you want to track, while Fire TV suggests content similar to what you’ve been watching, thanks to Amazon’s recommendation engine. Apple TV uses its TV app to offer suggestions and point you to other popular content. The new services are launching in France, Germany, Italy, South Korea, Spain, the U.K. and the U.S., but exact details are still forthcoming in terms of dates and supported sets. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Samsung Electronics Founded 1969 Overview Samsung Electronics is a South Korean multinational electronics company engaged in consumer electronics, information technology and mobile communications, and device solutions businesses worldwide. The company develops, manufactures, and sells various consumer products, including mobile phones, tablets, televisions, Blu-ray players, DVD players, home theater systems, digital cameras, and camcorders; … Location Suwon, 17 Categories Medical Device, Hardware, Software, Electronics Website http://www.samsung.com/us Full profile for Samsung Electronics Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Nintendo Switch Hits the Market on March 3 | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes streaming TV television tv Samsung Apps Popular Posts Featured Stories BMW's 5 series prototype with Personal Co-Pilot VIDEO | 2:17 Start thinking like a startup 6 hours ago | Mona Bijoor Dronerise: gradually, then suddenly 14 hours ago | Jon Evans, Columnist SpaceX successfully lands its first-stage Falcon 9 rocket on drone ship yesterday | Darrell Etherington SpaceX successfully returns to launch with Iridium-1 NEXT Falcon 9 mission yesterday | Darrell Etherington Latest From TechCrunch The year in analytics 2 hours ago | Sameer Al-Sakran Start thinking like a startup 6 hours ago | Mona Bijoor Lessons from Dharamsala on business and life 7 hours ago | Karl Mehta Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy 10 hours ago | Jim Glade Comment moderation powered by Up Next Facebook to test showing ads mid-video with publisher revenue split Posted Jan 9, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Digital Marketing Specialist at IBISWorld (Los Angeles, CA, United States) Head of Marketing at Concord (San Francisco, CA, United States) DevOps Engineer @ Qadium at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Sales Director at Shopkick (New York, NY, United States) System Administrator at Shopkick (Redwood City, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Start thinking like a startup 6 hours ago by Mona Bijoor WTF is machine learning? Oct 23, 2016 by John Mannes The year in analytics 2 hours ago by Sameer Al-Sakran Will the last person to leave social media please turn off the light? Jan 13, 2017 by John Biggs Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy 10 hours ago by Jim Glade Innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech revolution 13 hours ago by Matt Heiman Dronerise: gradually, then suddenly 14 hours ago by Jon Evans Lessons from Dharamsala on business and life 7 hours ago by Karl Mehta Technology can’t replace the human touch 14 hours ago by Ron Miller
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Business/Tablets/Gallery/Rumor BusinessTablets New iPad size inbound, iPad mini may be dead By Todd Haselton | January 9, 2017 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Apple is reportedly gearing up to launch three new iPads in 2017. Normally, this would suggest that it would refresh the iPad mini, the 9.7-inch iPad Pro and the 12.9-inch iPad Pro. Instead, it sounds like Apple is going to bail on the iPad mini in an effort to launch a brand new iPad size. According to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, Apple is working to launch a new 12.9-inch iPad Pro, a new 9.7-inch iPad Pro and a brand new model that measures somewhere around 10-inches to 10.5-inches in size. “The 10-10.5″ model will be the high-end model equipped with a narrow bezel design, and the 9.7-inch model will be the low-priced option,” Kuo said in a note obtained by 9to5Mac. That suggests that, perhaps, the 9.7-inch model won’t be a “pro” device at all, especially if you consider that Kuo believes it will pack an A9 processor instead of the A10X chip found in the larger devices. Is the iPad mini dead? I don’t know how this will ultimately shake out. I love the 9.7-inch size and appreciate that Apple introduced it as a pro model this year. I guess Apple may return to launching a 9.7-inch iPad as a more standard device, kill off the smallest form factor, and use the two largest models as Pro devices. We’ll see what happens later this year, Apple typically starts to unveil its new iPads in the spring. Source 9to5Mac Topics #Apple #Apple #iPad Todd Haselton Follow Follow Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Recent Posts Twitter will stream PBS’ Inauguration coverage on Jan. 20 Google Play Music highlights bands to watch in 2017 JRPGs on the Nintendo Switch – What do we have to look forward to? Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2017 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple is accused of profiting from people's misfortune after removing a £4 app that lets users find their lost £159 AirPods  Finder for AirPods helped locate the wireless earphones using Bluetooth It was removed from the App Store by Apple, but the reason remains unclear The app's creator says Apple didn't like the idea of people locating their AirPods Apple charges £65 ($69) to replace a single lost Airpod By Shivali Best For Mailonline Published: 11:33 EST, 9 January 2017 | Updated: 21:57 EST, 9 January 2017 e-mail 40 shares 114 View comments When Apple unveiled its wireless AirPod earphones in October, there were concerns about how easy it would be to lose the tiny devices. In a bid to help users keep track of their AirPods, an app called 'Finder for AirPods' was released, costing £3.99 ($3.99).  But Apple has now removed the app, deeming it was 'not appropriate for the App store', although the reason remains unclear. Scroll down for video  In a bid to help users keep track of their AirPods, an app called 'Finder for AirPods' was released, costing £3.99 ($3.99) FINDER FOR AIRPODS  Finder for AirPods used the earphones' Bluetooth signal to help users track them down. It would tell users when they were warmer or colder, using the signal strength as a measure. While this isn't the most accurate mechanism to locate a small object, it was the only option available without paying for new earphones. Finder for AirPods used the earphones' Bluetooth signal to help users track them down. It would tell users when they were warmer or colder, using the signal strength as a measure. While this isn't the most accurate tool to locate a small object, it was the only option available without paying for new earphones. Apple says it will charge £65 ($69) to replace a lost AirPod, or £159 ($159) for a new pair. Apple removed the app from the App Store this morning.   Mac Rumors, who first revealed that the app had been removed, reported that the creator of the app thought that Apple did not like the idea of people locating their AirPods. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Apple's iPhone turns 10 today: Here's how the iconic handset... Confused Apple customers are finding COINS in their MacBooks... Nintendo Switch could be the most affordable console on the... Industrial espionage? Razer's radical laptop prototypes are... Share this article Share 40 shares Finder for AirPods used the earphones' Bluetooth signal to help users track them down. It would tell users when they were warmer or colder, using the signal strength as a measure The creator cited that the app was deemed 'not appropriate for the App Store', although Apple has not given a reason. MailOnline has contacted Apple for comment.  In the meantime, the app's developer recommends people ask for refunds via iTunes.    Read more: 'Finder for AirPods' App Can Help You Track Down a Missing AirPod [Update: App Removed From App Store] - Mac Rumors Share or comment on this article e-mail 40 shares Most watched News videos Gloria Williams waves extradition for kidnapping Kamiyah Mobley Kitesurfer unaware of great white shark swimming below Disgusting moment cyst puss eruption covers cell phone Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times 2017's luckiest man: Pedro Grendene Bartelle win's $3.5m Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany She's falling for him? Girl gets 'pushed off ledge in prank' video NYPD searching for six teens who beat up a woman in Brooklyn Black PhD student is beaten and cuffed by police Female bullfighter is mounted by young bull Legal implications for Gloria Williams who kidnapped Kamiyah Mobley 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for... US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making... Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's... Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as... Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and... Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me... Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father:... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on... Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors... 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (114) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read First came Fitbit exercise trackers for humans... now 'Fitbark' claims to be the way to get your FAT FIDO... The MEGASHARK died out because it was a picky eater: Researchers say megalodon was unable to change its diet... Our microbe ancestors revealed: Scientists may have finally found where complex life came from What Earth will look like in 250 million years: Simulations show new MEGACONTINENT called Amasia... Incredible images reveal how eruptions from Alaska's Bogoslof volcano have transformed the island in just... Is this how the dinosaurs REALLY died out? Researchers reconstruct the dark and frozen conditions on Earth... Screen time is GOOD for teen brains: Why 257 minutes is the 'sweet spot' before computers damage mental... What's REALLY in your sushi? Study finds almost half of fish are mislabeled in restaurants Can YOU recognise cities around the world just by sound? Fascinating interactive quiz may baffle even... Want to stick to your New Year resolutions? Move house, say scientists  Breakthrough in fixing a broken heart: Researchers use stem cells to regenerate the outer layer of organ in... SpaceX finances 'on a knife edge' following disastrous rocket explosion - and Elon Musk is relying on... Android inventor Andy Rubin to take on Apple and Google with new smartphone and 'home AI' products ISIS is increasingly modifying home drones to drop bombs - and US troops say they now see them in Mosul... Space mountain: Astronaut shares stunning out of this world shot of the Rockies from the ISS MORE HEADLINES The biggest storm in the universe: Stunning new NASA image reveals Jupiter's 'great red spot' megastorm in unprecedented detail Is this how the dinosaurs REALLY died out? Researchers reconstruct the dark and frozen conditions on Earth after asteroid megastrike Incredible images reveal how eruptions from Alaska's Bogoslof volcano have transformed the island in just two decades The MEGASHARK died out because it was a picky eater: Researchers say megalodon was unable to change its diet after its favourite whales died out ISIS is increasingly modifying home drones to drop bombs - and US troops say they now see them in Mosul every DAY You've been feeding your cat wrong: Scientists say you should give it food 5 TIMES a day to stop it getting fat Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console Our microbe ancestors revealed: Scientists may have finally found where complex life came from The terrifying moment a rattlesnake attacks a rat is captured in slow-motion for the first time Breakthrough in fixing a broken heart: Researchers use stem cells to regenerate the outer layer of organ in groundbreaking research Did complex life come from BACTERIA? Researchers say virus infections could have sparked them being reprogrammed to become animal cells MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 The May-December duo PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th She has three young children Church time! Gwen Stefani, 47,  is a model mom in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Quality family time Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport on Sunday Katie Holmes and daughter Suri don floral ensembles to shop for groceries The 38-year-old actress filled her shopping cart with essentials  'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Alec Baldwin takes relaxing stroll with wife Hilaria and their sons hours after another biting impression of Donald Trump on SNL Pair sipped on coffees EXCLUSIVE: Meghan's half-brother 'is going through a pretty rough time' as he apologizes after getting arrested for drunkenly putting gun to his girlfriend's head The gang's all here! High School Musical co-stars Vanessa Hudgens and Ashley Tisdale reunite for Sunday brunch with some pals Peep show! Ireland Baldwin wears sexy negligee without underwear for sizzling photoshoot The 21-year-old beauty held some sultry poses They make beautiful music together! Jessica Biel thanks husband Justin Timberlake for help with original score for indie film The Book of Love  Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher In mourning for her mother and grandmother One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proves you don't need a bikini to look sexy Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Exciting news!' Ashley Williams, 38, takes to Twitter to announce she's expecting her second son and then debuts her bump at an event Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood She's usually seen in her beloved active wear 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga Sweet picture shows him relaxing at home Home sweet home! Demi Lovato arrives back in USA wearing gray tracksuit and baseball cap after volunteer trip to Kenya Outspoken activist  Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress in Dubai She's officially back at work Revealed: Kim Kardashian told police how masked thug grabbed her while she was NAKED under bathrobe during $10m Paris robbery  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  Enjoying reconciliation Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daughter Daisy is just three months old Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  Is making a comeback Her big fat Greek wedding! Katie Holmes' Jackie Kennedy is romanced by shipping tycoon Aristotle Onassis in After Camelot trailer Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Surprising her beau  Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Wowed in Italy  'I don't want to be at the center of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns on Vogue Australia cover Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Awkward! All three of Status Quo rocker Rick Parfitt's wives plan to say a last farewell at his funeral on Thursday  The star will be laid to rest on Thursday  'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans on Twitter after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Was hospitalized after nasty incident  Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Shared the sultry shots on social media  Ronnie Wood's twin girls, their mother and Emma Bunton join Geri Horner for her baby shower  Star-studded showing at the ex-Spice Girl's party 'I'm a human vacuum cleaner!' Jessica Biel jokes she survives on son Silas's leftovers by 'shoveling the last few bites off his plate' It's all she gets! Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  Also met Charlotte  Want some presidential neighbors? House just one block away from the Obamas and Ivanka's future homes in a DC suburb hits market for $5.75m 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss Hello YELLOW! It lit up the red carpet at the Golden Globes and Emma Stone's dress in La La Land made quite a splash, now you can brighten your wardrobe Are Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi moving to Australia? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of a $5.8  mansion down under 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal - but still won't do as much as his 68-year-old father  Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend True story about three black mathematicians  The Queen and Prince Philip are joined by Lord Snowdon's son as they attend church at Sandringham - just two days after the royal photographer's death Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London Taylor Swift's ex My nerve-shredding odyssey to adopt my little girl: As Nicole Kidman's new movie highlights India's orphanages, one mother shares her story 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over Russian golden shower scandal with stream of bathroom humor jokes on SNL Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Words of support from the actress  Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  He had stomach cancer 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 'People need to see a new side to pregnancy': Pregnant lesbian hits out at online bullies who criticized her for looking 'masculine' and wearing 'boy clothes'  How to dress like a grown up: Dry January should apply to clothes shopping too!  Your wardrobe is a team - all items must work together to survive 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce 'We are beautiful the way we are': Photographer captures images of 40 'real' women in their underwear in bid to change perceptions  Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga Kylie proves she's a cheap date PJ-clad Jessica Alba kisses husband Cash Warren at his birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee puckered up Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Celebrating Cash Warren's 38th birthday  'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party Best of friends Lawyer turned Instagram star Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try and get the perfect beach shot  How to look as good as the French in lingerie: The secret's a whole new way of thinking about your body shape  In Paris, lingerie is not just underwear  A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski She confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot Sneak peek 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Celebs celebrate the closure of Ringling Bros. circus with PETA activist Pamela Anderson claiming victory that the 'saddest show on earth' is finishing after 146 years   Couples reveal what changed most after they moved in together (and their sometimes bizarre ways of making their relationships work)   She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot Posing up a storm It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai She is doing a make-up tutorial in the Middle East Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as Mercedes is set to clarify its position on Valterri Bottas' proposed switch  Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall  She's always camera-ready Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad F1 heiress Nip and tuck with Dr Tracy Mountford: Is there such a thing as a non-surgical eyelift?   Often, a surgical eyelift or a brow lift (or a gives the most long-lasting result Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool Soccer game outing 'Disclaimer: I am not Deadpool!' Meet the OTHER Ryan Reynolds, a 29-year-old mayor of a tiny village in upstate New York He's not the actor Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon turns 36 next month PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee shared a clip Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings The 19-year-old actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes How YOU can shift your midlife middle! FEMAIL meets the trainer who says she has the secret, especially if you hate the gym, and promises results in SEVEN days Judy Garland slashed her own throat with a razor in the grip of chronic drug addiction, reveals her ex-husband  Sid Luft once found her semiconscious Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to COCA-COLA 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Motherhood secrets Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu Saturday night in California 'Do you love her and do you know she wants to marry you?' How President Obama's advice for marital bliss brought together two grooms  Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her niece to a day out Wealthy Chinese and Russian couples snap up replicas of Princess Diana's sapphire and diamond engagement ring  Orders have soared Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Outside LA's Catch  He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Has been enjoying time across the pond and a break from social media How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Was a 'joint' shindig  Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream Family shopping trip  Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'Observe the moment you feel truly happy': Chloe Lattanzi pens inspirational quote while flaunting cleavage after $415,000 Barbie doll transformation Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   With Italian reality star Tommaso Zorzi Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic Married to Justin Timberlake Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City At the airport Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Heading out to Bootsy Bellows on the Sunset Strip Piers Morgan will interview former Ukip leader Nigel Farage on Life Stories... and declares that it will be the 'best TV' viewers have ever seen Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello 'Happy birthday, Uncle!' Chris Hemsworth's four-year-old daughter makes a cute card for uncle Liam as the actor celebrates turning 27  Messages poured in  Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Downton Abbey actress Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run Young model admits Crohn's disease has 'torn apart' her life - as she says the debilitating illness has caused her to lose her social life, car and even her career Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admits she was 'nervous' about the gig Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA The former Days Of Our Lives actress  Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family Woman in white! Zoe Kravitz keeps it crisp at Elle's Women in Television event as she displays her svelte figure in an all-white ensemble from tip to toe Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzle in black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Candace Cameron Bure showcases new darker auburn locks in plunging gown at Hallmark party The actress showcased her stunning new hair  'Falcons got Future!' Ciara's ex pops up on the sidelines as her husband Russell Wilson plays losing NFL game A photo emerged on Twitter  'He's our little mascot': Dev Patel reveals the close bond he developed with eight-year-old Sunny Pawar on the set of Lion  Lot of love Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills Almost Famous star opted for comfort  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA The Baby singer wore a Supreme sweatshirt 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Flaunted her fabulous physique  Julianne Hough puts her abs on display in red sports bra as she and brother Derek hit the gym Are a pair of very toned siblings  Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration Stunned in black  Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Couple showed off their outlandish get-ups  'Good luck daddy' Tom Brady shares a sweet kiss with his daughter ahead of critical Patriots game His own little good luck charm  Smitten by the fantasy castle in Kate and Wills' Alpine playground: Why this gorgeous 'palace-rated' hotel in glitzy Courchevel is the stuff of dreams From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market New film xXx: Return of Xander Cage is out 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to newborn daughter Dream and King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Shared the endearing clip with her fans Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Pair announced exciting news on Instagram  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent, drunken row' Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Was rumored to be one of the acts performing  Spot the rock! Kate Mara flashes ring as it emerges she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell The band was glinting on her left hand  'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Sneak peak Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets to getting the reality star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Joined ladies of the small screen Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy NYC after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Supportive family unit 'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session Has radiant skin 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' Did she break the rules? Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Italy Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spent some quality time with her children  Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three Enjoyed family time  'Revenge Body? It's a no from me': Young woman who battled an eating disorder for six years says Khloe Kardashian's new show is 'a step backward'  Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Scary realization  Fits like a glove! Viola Davis stuns in form-fitting teal dress during the London preview of Fences Golden Globe winner can command attention Back to where it all began! Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon confirm they are moving to Bali together as they reveal their unusual packing list PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Returned from vacation 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Richard Gere and longtime friend the Dalai Lama are spotted in deep conversation in India on the final day of religious event Kalachakra She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Sneak peak for the sequel released  'I don't apologize': Toby Keith defends his decision to perform at Donald Trump's  inauguration... as Jennifer Holliday backs out Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Press tour  Susan Sarandon looks chic in all black as she attends panel for docu-series Killing Richard Glossip  Hit the stage as part of the panel  Blushing beauty! Karrueche Tran shows off feminine style in pleated dress as she joins Claws co-stars at the TNT TCAs Stunning shape  Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Rocked a knitted top Celebrities come under fire from Trump supporters for 'pathetic' and 'uncool' video singing 'I Will Survive' before the Donald's inauguration Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Covered up for a change! Ariel Winter dresses down in casual white tee to take care of morning chores Took a step back from her provocative snaps  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  Knowles... Run The World!  Beyonce and Solange go will compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Sisters are slaying! Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Partying up a storm  Victoria's Secret supermodel Karlie Kloss is heading back to Australia as it's announced she will make her runway debut for David Jones So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of notes from an ATM near his Kensington home  Revealed, Lulu's guilty pleasure... HEAVY METAL: Scottish pop icon plans to unleash her inner rock goddess  She's even considered the different career path Kelly Rowland is relaxed in jeans and a sweater as she totes son Titan during lunch outing in Beverly Hills She is set to be a judge on The Voice Australia  How DID photographer Harry Benson get Donald Trump to look like a million dollars and make monkeys out of The Beatles? By being the original... Flash Harry LIZ JONES: Trust me Madonna, Cheryl and Wendi Deng, you'll NEVER find true love with a toy boy  Madonna's new toy boy, , is 32 years her junior. 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Mark Hamill reads Donald Trump tweet using The Joker voice in hilarious audio clip after Meryl Streep Golden Globes speech Why so serious, Don? Date night! Ireland Baldwin holds hands with boyfriend Noah Schweizer in West Hollywood while showing off her long legs in mini skirt From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS in freezing temperatures before swimming across flowing creek at daybreak to get help  209 comments SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Smartphones IPhone Apple Steve Jobs Sleight of hand, white lies and a bottle of Scotch: How Apple pulled off the first iPhone launch As the iPhone turns 10, we revisit how Steve Jobs and Apple managed to make a buggy iPhone look finished. By Alistair Charlton January 9, 2017 16:07 GMT Apple co-founder Steve Jobs reveals the first iPhone on 9 January, 2007Reuters On 9 January 2007, Apple co-founder Steve Jobs took to the stage at the annual MacWorld event in front of 5,000 attendees to reveal the iPhone. Apple had been working on the handset in secret for two-and-a-half years, and such was the strength of its smoke-and-mirrors routine, engineers working on the hardware were kept separate from those designing the software. Hardly anyone know exactly what they were working on. Jobs had originally intended the iPhone's large touchscreen and software to be used on a tablet first, but on seeing what his engineers had produced decided a smartphone was more important. Days before the event rumours began circling that Apple was working on a phone, but such was Jobs' control not a single image, sketch or screenshot leaked. It was a different world compared to the near-full picture the rumour mills produce ahead of most Apple launches today. But Jobs' tight control over the iPhone's secrecy could not be matched by the design team's goal to have a fully working prototype on stage at MacWorld. Announced a full six months before going on sale (to avoid leaks via regulatory testing), the iPhone used by Jobs was barely functional. Engineers found a "golden path" where all of the phone's key functions could be shown off without it crashing, but only in one specific order. Surf the web before sending an email instead of the other way around, for example, and the iPhone would crash. And Jobs would likely have someone fired. A 2013 report by the New York Times Magazine, corroborated by The Internet History Podcast this week, revealed how the iPhone was so incredibly buggy that it was highly likely to crash during Jobs' one hour and 40 minutes on stage. Adding to the tension was Jobs' demand that a live stream of the demo iPhone was shown on a giant screen above the stage. This meant adding extra hardware to his iPhone and further complicating an already precarious situation. The iPhone's Wi-Fi software was so unstable that extra antennas were attached by long cables running off stage so the wireless signal didn't have to travel as far. Additionally, to stop the thousands of audience members trying to connect to the same network, it was configured to look like a Japanese signal, where Wi-Fi frequencies not available in the US are used. Jobs wanted to make a real phone call on stage, which meant network AT&T installing a portable cell tower on site. But even that wasn't enough for the Apple boss, so to make sure the phone's performance looked perfect the demo units were coded to display permanently five bars of signal coverage, regardless of how good their connection actually was. The golden path With just 128MB of memory (an iPhone 7 has 2GB, or 2,000MB) and running unfinished apps which were slow and bloated, the prototype iPhone was unlikely to make it through Jobs' demanding demo, where multiple features were used at once, in one piece. Through trial and error, engineers came up with the golden path, where an iPhone would survive to the end of the demo without crashing, but only if everything was shown off in the right order. Tap the wrong app by mistake and the phone would freeze or switch off completely. Although it looks like Jobs is casually scrolling through the phone's functions, he is carefully demonstrating each for just a few seconds to avoid overworking the handset. Several spare iPhones were also on stage, ready to take over if one crashed and needed to be reset. But for his final act Jobs wanted to play some music, take a call, put it on hold to take a second call, find and email a photo to the second caller, look up something online for the first caller, then return to his music. There was no room to switch to a second handset mid-demo; miraculously, the demo worked. 'We were in the fifth row doing shots of Scotch' Senior Apple engineer Andy Grignon, who was in charge of all wireless features of the iPhone, including phone signal, Bluetooth and Wi-Fi, recalls how he and his colleagues got increasingly drunk during the presentation. Speaking to the NY Times back in 2013, Grignon said: "And so there we were in the fifth row or something — engineers, managers, all of us — doing shots of Scotch after every segment of the demo. There were about five or six of us, and after each piece of the demo, the person who was responsible for that portion did a shot. When the finale came — and it worked along with everything before it, we all just drained the flask...We just spent the entire rest of the day drinking in the city. It was just a mess, but it was great." More technology news from IBTimes UK Apple celebrates 10th anniversary of the iPhone SpaceX delays comeback rocket launch due to bad weather Was HTC planning a purpose-built VR smartphone? Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Nintendo Switch preview: Hands-on with 1-2 Switch’s cow-milking and samurai training Columnists Ed Vaizey MP “The PM is being coy about what Brexit means because she knows that words move markets READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets takes place 1-2 March 2017 at... Windows 10 Creators Update to get new Bluetooth features These features are currently available for Windows Insiders via a new... Android 7.0 Nougat tips and tricks for OnePlus 3 Check out the tips and tricks for your handset running the latest... Samsung's foldable smartphone's render shows three screens being folded into one The render indicates that users will no longer have to opt for a... 1-2 Switch preview: Cow-milking and gunslingin' in Nintendo's Joy-Con mini-game fest Our hands-on first impressions of the bizarre mini-game collection. Android creator Andy Rubin plans comeback with high-end smartphone to challenge Google and Apple The phone will be produced under a new company called Essential,... Keeper Security reveals the most common passwords of 2016 and they're embarrassingly terrible The most common password of 2016 hasn't changed from that of 2015. Nokia may join Samsung and LG in foldable smartphone race latest patent filing shows The company had earlier filed for a flexible ribbon-like battery... How businesses can learn from the first wave of AI Businesses that do not have a robust data-centric culture to drive AI... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
DAX ®11.629,18+0,94%TecDAX ®1.840,59+0,61%Dow Jones19.885,73-0,03%NASDAQ 1005.059,51+0,36% Anmelden oder kostenlos registrieren Benutzername: Passwort: Angemeldet bleiben: Passwort vergessen? Wertpapiere & Kurse News & Analysen Geld & Vorsorge Mein finanztreff Brokervergleich NEU Überblick Suche Topthemen Finanzmarkt Termine Analysen Marktkommentare Panorama Videos Specials Börsenbriefe NEU Überblick Marktberichte Überblick Aktien & Indizes Devisen Anleihen Rohstoffe Länder & Regionen Wirtschaftsnachrichten Überblick Wirtschaft & Politik Zentralbanken Branchen Überblick Automotive Banken Chemieindustrie Dienstleistungen Energie & Rohstoffe Finanzdienstleister Handel Immobilien Industrie Internet Konsumgüter Nahrungsmittel Versicherer Weitere Branchen... Unternehmen Deutschland Europa (EU) USA & Amerika Asien Sonstige EQS-Unternehmenscenter News zu ... Aktien Anleihen Rohstoffe Devisen Fonds Indizes Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs IPO (Börsengänge) Werbung Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Webinare, Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Ausbildung zum erfolgreichen Börsenhändler. Jetzt kostenlos! Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Webinare, Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Exklusiv: finanztreff.de Kunden erhalten 3 Monate Goldkonditionen Startseite > News & Analysen > Finanzmarkt PRESS RELEASE: PANTALEON Entertainment AG adds top Apple manager to Executive Board 09.01.2017 - 17:20 | Quelle: Dow Jones Newswire Web Dow Jones received a payment from EQS/DGAP to publish this press release. === DGAP-News: PANTALEON Entertainment AG / Key word(s): Change of Personnel PANTALEON Entertainment AG adds top Apple manager to Executive Board 2017-01-09 / 17:19 The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. *PANTALEON Entertainment AG adds top Apple manager to Executive Board* *- Stefan Langefeld leaving Apple for PANTALEON on May 1, 2017* *- Long-standing iTunes Head of TV and Movies Central and Eastern Europe to become new COO at PANTALEON Entertainment AG* *- Expansion of Executive Board with view to global rollout of VoD platform pantaflix.com in particular* Berlin, January 9, 2017 - PANTALEON Entertainment AG (XETRA: PAL, ISIN: DE000A12UPJ7) is today announcing that Stefan Langefeld will be joining the company to strengthen the Executive Board on May 1, 2017. Alongside CEO Dan Maag, as Chief Operating Officer (COO) Stefan Langefeld will be handling the already highly successful ongoing global rollout of the innovative video-on-demand (VoD) platform pantaflix.com particularly, while PANTALEON's CEO Dan Maag will focus more on the areas of strategy, international partnerships and production. Stefan Langefeld has more than 15 years of experience in the media and IT industry as a founder and manager, including around nine years in management positions at Apple, the biggest company in the world in terms of stock market value. Projects for which he was responsible included the launch of iTunes Video on German-speaking markets in Europe and more than 50 key emerging markets such as India, Africa, Russia, Turkey and the Middle East. With his comprehensive global network and his experience, he is considered one of Europe's leading managers in the field of VoD. He began his career as an Executive Assistant to the CEO at Medienholding EUVIA MEDIA AG. From there he joined SKY Deutschland before becoming Head of TV Germany at Apple in 2007, launching and managing the iTunes TV Store in Germany. The expansion of German-language business in Switzerland and Austria was followed in 2013 by the position of iTunes' Head of TV and Movies Central and Eastern Europe, which included the German-speaking countries, Italy and Eastern Europe. In October 2016, he became the Head of Apple Music and iTunes, assuming responsibility for the music business in German-speaking territories. "In Stefan Langefeld, we have secured one of the world's foremost minds in the field of VoD for our company," announced Mathis Schultz, Chairman of the Supervisory Board of PANTALEON Entertainment AG. "Mr Langefeld's commitment highlights the significance of pantaflix.com for the Group's ongoing growth. Especially in this phase of rapid growth, we are confident that we can benefit from Stefan Langefeld's expertise and outstanding network. We very much look forward to working together." "We have always been confident of the enormous potential of pantaflix.com. Nonetheless, the massive popularity since its launch in December 2016 has exceeded all our expectations. Securing a key player in the international VOD industry is therefore the next logical step in the rapid and solid growth of our global platform. Thanks to Stefan Langefeld we are now excellently positioned in the competition," said PANTALEON's CEO Dan Maag. "PANTALEON has become one of Europe's fastest growing media companies in recent years. I am especially pleased to be helping to shape the further development of the company in a key position moving ahead," said the future Executive Board member Stefan Langefeld. "I will contribute my experience from my work to date to expand pantaflix.com into a leading VoD company on the world stage." About pantaflix.com [1]: www.pantaflix.com [2] is an innovative and cloud-based Video-on-Demand (VoD) platform, which for the first time enables filmmakers and rights owners to market their productions to a worldwide audience with just a few clicks. pantaflix.com [1] offers immediate market access reducing the stages of the exploitation chain. 75 percent of sales go straight to the producer, 25 percent to pantaflix.com [1]. Thus, producers receive up to 7.5 times as much revenue as from traditional platforms. About PANTALEON Entertainment AG: PANTALEON Entertainment AG is one of the fastest growing media companies in Europe. The group, as a leading producer of feature films with world-class distribution partners such as Warner Bros. and Amazon Prime, developed high growth dynamics from the start. The financial success of the content division paid in for the formation of the disruptive video-on-demand (VoD) game changer pantaflix.com [1], a 100% daughter of PANTALEON that just recently initiated its global rollout. For more information: www.pantaleonentertainment.com [3] and www.pantaflix.com [2] Contact: PANTALEON Entertainment AG Katharinenstrasse 4 D-61476 Kronberg im Taunus Tel.:+49 6173 3945095 Fax: +49 6173 3945097 E-Mail: ir@pantaleongroup.com Contact Investor Relations: CROSS ALLIANCE communication GmbH Susan Hoffmeister Freihamer Strasse 2 D-82166 Gräfelfing/Munich Tel.:+49 89 89827227 E-Mail: sh@crossalliance.com 2017-01-09 Dissemination of a Corporate News, transmitted by DGAP - a service of EQS Group AG. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. The DGAP Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements, Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases. Archive at www.dgap.de Language: English Company: PANTALEON Entertainment AG Katharinenstr. 4 61476 Kronberg Germany Phone: 06173 - 394 50 95 Fax: 06173 - 394 50 97 E-mail: info@pantaleonfilms.com Internet: www.pantaleonentertainment.com ISIN: DE000A12UPJ7 WKN: A12UPJ Listed: Regulated Unofficial Market in Berlin, Stuttgart, Tradegate Exchange; Open Market (Entry Standard) in Frankfurt End of News DGAP News Service 535007 2017-01-09 1: http://public-cockpit.eqs.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=redirect&url=426d888c01e796cb13743d20af22ae5d&application_id=535007&site_id=vwd&application_name=news 2: http://public-cockpit.eqs.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=redirect&url=6d228a47dc602a1e465807cbe84e7348&application_id=535007&site_id=vwd&application_name=news 3: http://public-cockpit.eqs.com/cgi-bin/fncls.ssp?fn=redirect&url=e820e481705c20312984c79a402dad86&application_id=535007&site_id=vwd&application_name=news === (END) Dow Jones Newswires January 09, 2017 11:20 ET (16:20 GMT) PANTALEON ENTERTAIN.AG L&S 86,19 -4,68% EUR 13.01.2017 -4,02 1 Woche 3 Monate 1 Jahr zum Kursportrait AdHoc-Meldungen & Insidertrades Werbung Nachrichten zu PANTALEON ENTERTAIN.AG Datum Meldung 09.01. Pantaleon holt Apple-Manager in den Vorstand 09.01. PRESS RELEASE: PANTALEON Entertainment AG adds top Apple manager to Executive Board 09.01. DGAP-News: PANTALEON Entertainment AG holt Apple-Top-Manager in den Vorstand 09.01. DGAP-News: PANTALEON Entertainment AG holt Apple-Top-Manager in den Vorstand (deutsch) 09.01. DGAP-News: PANTALEON Entertainment AG holt Apple-Top-Manager in den Vorstand 09.01. DGAP-News: PANTALEON Entertainment AG adds top Apple manager to Executive Board 09.01. DGAP-Adhoc: PANTALEON Entertainment AG erweitert Vorstand - Stefan Langefeld übernimmt die neu geschaffene Position des COO ab dem 1. Mai 2017 09.01. DGAP-Adhoc: PANTALEON Entertainment AG expands Executive Board - Stefan Langefeld assumes the newly created position of the COO with effect from May 1, 2017 09.01. DGAP-Adhoc: PANTALEON Entertainment AG erweitert Vorstand - Stefan Langefeld übernimmt die neu geschaffene Position des COO ab dem 1. Mai 2017 (deutsch) 09.01. DGAP-Adhoc: PANTALEON Entertainment AG erweitert Vorstand - Stefan Langefeld übernimmt die neu geschaffene Position des COO ab dem 1. Mai 2017 weitere Nachrichten zu PANTALEON ENTERTAIN.AG Werbung Weitere News zu... Wertpapieren: Aktien Anleihen Rohstoffe Devisen Fonds Indizes Derivate Branchen: Automobile Banken Chemie Dienstleistungen Energie & Rohstoffe Finanzdienstleistungen Handel Immobilien Industrie Internet Konsumgüter Nahrungsmittel Versicherungen Weitere Branchen... Kommentare: Ronald Gehrt Ralf Goerke Investmentecke Emittenten Themen: Marktberichte Wirtschaft & Politik Länder & Regionen Topthemen Panorama Geld & Vorsorge Werbung Top Baufinanzierung bei der Degussa Bank |Jetzt Wünsche erfüllen mit dem PrivatKredit der Degussa Bank. |Das ATB Tagesgeldkonto - Transparenz für Ihr Geld Bid & Ask Newsletter kostenlos lesen! Werbung Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Lehrreiche Webinare, informatives Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Werbung Pushverbindungen werden nach 20 Minuten automatisch getrennt. Verzögerungszeiten: Kurs, Bid/Ask realtime Kurs verzögert, Bid/Ask realtime +15 Min. +20 Min. etc. Schlusskurs oder Spotkurs Nie mehr ein Update dieser Seite verpassen, finanztreff.de RSS-Feeds abonnieren! Investmentecke Topthemen Marktberichte Insidertrades Empfehlungen Nachrichten Adhoc Wirtschaft & Politik Sport Suchen & Finden auf finanztreff.de Aktien Chartsignale Aktienvergleich Fonds Top Service Fonds ETF ETF-Vergleich ETC Anleihen Mittelstandsanleihen Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs Indizes Indizes Deutschland DAX Realtime Devisen Crossrates Währungsrechner Rohstoffpreise Top-Nachrichten Musterdepot & Watchlist kostenlose Realtimekurse Planspiel Börse mobile Tools von finanztreff.de und vwd finanztreff.de mobil finanztreff.de iPhone App Wissenstests, Hilfe & Börsenlexikon auf finanztreff.de Hilfe Lexika: Börsenlexikon Fondslexikon Wissenstests: Aktien Fonds Zertifikate Hebelprodukte Über finanztreff.de Impressum Nutzungshinweise Kontakt Verzögerungszeiten Inhaltelizenzierung Mediadaten Jobs © 2017 vwd netsolutions GmbH part of the vwd.com vwdgroup.ch moneyspecial.de QuickChart Quicknews Umfrage Neu/Blog Empfehlen Neue Newsletter Aktualisieren Exklusives Angebot Diese Seite empfehlenschliessen Interessant, oder? Teilen Sie diese Seite auf Facebook, Google+ oder Twitter Aktuelle Umfrageschliessen Wie, glauben Sie, wird der DAX am Ende dieser Woche - KW 03 - stehen? Höher als letzte Woche. Er wird gleich bleiben. Niedriger als letzte Woche. Jetzt abstimmen! Alle Umfragen ansehen Börse Stuttgart Anlegerclubschliessen Attraktive Preise zu gewinnen! Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart verlost beim Gewinnspiel "Trade & Win" regelmäßig attraktive Preise. Außerdem profitieren Mitglieder von lehrreichen Live-Webinaren, einem informativen Anlegermagazin und vielem mehr. Jetzt kostenlos Mitglied werden

Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Top Apple insider says brand new iPad with edgeless display will launch this year Yoni Heisler BGR NewsJanuary 9, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Despite Apple’s best efforts to resuscitate its sluggish iPad lineup, sales of Apple’s iconic tablet reached a 5-year low last quarter. Specifically, iPad sales during Apple’s recent September quarter checked in at 9.26 million units, marking a 6% decline year over year. In stark contrast, Apple during its September 2012 quarter, for example, sold 17 million iPads. Don't Miss: Here’s what a Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus looks like after 3 months without a case Regardless, Apple remains committed to the iPad and has no plans to abandon the tablet market anytime soon. On the contrary, a new research note from reputed analyst Ming Chi-Kuo reveals that Apple later this year will reveal three new iPad models. In addition to a revamped 12.9-inch iPad Pro and a more affordably priced 9.7-inch iPad, Kuo relays that Apple will also release a brand new iPad with a 10-10.5 inch display. Interestingly enough, the new iPad will reportedly be positioned as the premium device in Apple’s soon to be refreshed iPad lineup. Kuo’s note (obtained by MacRumors) reads in part: We note the 12.9″ model will be the second generation of the existing 12.9″ iPad Pro, the 10-10.5″ model will be the high-end model equipped with a narrow bezel design, and the 9.7″ model will be the low-priced option. The former two models will have an A10X chip manufactured by TSMC (2330 TT, NT$183.5, N), while the latter comes with an A9 chip made by Samsung LSI. Although we estimate iPad shipments in 2017 will drop again YoY to 35-37mn units, we except the decline to narrow to 10% from 2016’s roughly 20%, given that the 10-10.5″ model may see more demand from commercial/enterprises and tender markets, while the low-priced 9.7″ model may have a greater shipment contribution and likely account for 50-60% of total shipments of new iPads. Notably, this isn’t the first time we’ve seen reference to a brand new iPad Model. Just two months ago, an analyst report from Barclays Research claimed that Apple in March of 2017 will introduce a 10.9-inch iPad with an edge to edge display. While there is a discrepancy with respect to the size of Apple’s currently unannounced iPad, the rumored edgeless display would explain Kuo’s belief that the device will command a premium price. Incidentally, previous reports have hinted that Apple’s 2017 iPads will feature a stationary home button a’la the iPhone 7. If Apple does in fact release a new iPad model with a slim if not wholly non-existent bezel, it would perhaps lend even more credence to rumors that Apple’s next-gen iPhone will feature a bezel-free design with a curved OLED display. Trending right now: This is Nokia’s first Android-based iPhone 7 rival Listen to Mark Hamill read a Donald Trump tweet as the Joker from Batman Today’s best Amazon deals: Vizio sound bar, wireless speakers, wireless headphones, much more See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech 2017 Honda Accord Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update International Business Times Showdown in the South China Sea: China’s artificial islands explained Digital Trends Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Got 50 bucks burning a hole in your pocket? Here’s the best tech to spend it on Digital Trends $40 device doubles the storage of your 32GB iPhone 7 or 7 Plus BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple All the reasons people are ditching Android and switching to iPhones Zach Epstein BGR NewsJanuary 9, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Apple’s first-generation iPhone started a revolution 10 years ago today. It seems like just yesterday that late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs walked out on stage at the Macworld conference in January 2007 and put an end to years of rumors and speculation. More importantly, Apple put an end to overcomplicated smartphones like Symbian phones and BlackBerry handsets, shifting the industry toward a much more intuitive user experience. Smartphones were once a necessary evil that professionals had to endure. Today, smartphones are the center of our digital lives and most people can’t imagine spending even a moment without one. Of course Apple isn’t the only company that enjoyed success as a result of the iPhone’s introduction. Google, which had been developing Android as a BlackBerry clone, completely changed the direction of the platform ahead of launch thanks to the iPhone. Samsung grew to become the top handset maker in the world thanks in large part to copying Apple’s iPhone. But there’s still only one original, and Apple’s iPhone continues to draw users away from rival platforms to this day. Don't Miss: Apple’s iPhone turns 10 With a combined global user base currently in the billions, Google’s Android platform and Apple’s iOS platform see plenty of switchers flow between platforms. Some people ditch Android and switch to iOS, others ditch iOS and switch to Android, and plenty of people move from one platform to the other and then switch back. Today, however, a big discussion over on Reddit draws focus to the flow of users in one particular direction: From Android to the iPhone. Reddit user “Chondrule” received an iPhone 7 Plus as a gift during the holidays, but he had been an Android user since his first smartphone. As he tried to decide whether or not to dump his Android phone and make the leap to iOS, he took to the Apple subreddit and asked former Android users to explain what made them jump ship and switch to an iPhone. Ironically, the user ultimately decided that he was going to stick with Android and not switch to the new iPhone 7 Plus he was gifted. But the Reddit thread he started had nearly 500 comments at the time of this writing, and it gives a terrific insight into the many reasons people have decided to switch from Android devices to the iPhone. Not surprisingly, platform updates are a huge draw for iOS and the iPhone, and many people listed this as the main reason for leaving Android behind. Because Apple controls both the hardware and software experiences on the iPhone, and because the company used its early momentum to force carriers’ hands, Apple is able to push out software updates to all of its smartphones at once. Meanwhile, Android users have to wait several months — at least — before new versions of Android are available for their handsets. Many people also noted that Apple supports its older iPhone models for much longer than Android vendors, which means they continue to receive software updates even years after their initial release. Another top reason listed in the thread is customer support; Apple is famous for industry leading customer service, offering post-sale support that no other company can match. Other popular reasons mentioned on Reddit include a general degradation of the Android user experience over time, battery life, and service lock-in thanks to features like iMessage and Continuity. Trending right now: This is Nokia’s first Android-based iPhone 7 rival Listen to Mark Hamill read a Donald Trump tweet as the Joker from Batman Today’s best Amazon deals: Vizio sound bar, wireless speakers, wireless headphones, much more See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech 2017 Honda Accord Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update International Business Times Showdown in the South China Sea: China’s artificial islands explained Digital Trends Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Got 50 bucks burning a hole in your pocket? Here’s the best tech to spend it on Digital Trends $40 device doubles the storage of your 32GB iPhone 7 or 7 Plus BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down mobile-icon PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf The Newest Linux Operating Systems and Who Should Try Them Linux The Newest Linux Operating Systems and Who Should Try Them Moe Long These Secret Google Pixel Features Will Convince You to Buy It Android These Secret Google Pixel Features Will Convince You to Buy It Kannon Yamada Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Use Siri and Apple Reminders for the Best Shopping Lists iPhone and iPad Mac Use Siri and Apple Reminders for the Best Shopping Lists Tim Brookes January 9, 2017 09-01-2017 5 minutes Use Siri and Apple Reminders for the Best Shopping Lists Facebook Twitter Pinterest MobileAppPage Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email I’ve got a confession to make: I’ve only really started using Siri recently. Prior to setting up a proper, paperless shopping list using Apple Reminders, Siri was a novelty to me. Now the digital assistant is one of the most useful Apple features The Master List of Every Siri Command and Question The Master List of Every Siri Command and Question Siri can do a lot for you, but did you know she could do this much? Here's an exhaustive list of commands Siri will take. Read More in my life. This is partly due to upgrading to a new iPhone 7 Plus and having access to the unimaginably useful “Hey Siri” hands-free functionality Make the Most of Hands-Free "Hey Siri" on Your iPhone or iPad Make the Most of Hands-Free "Hey Siri" on Your iPhone or iPad Here's how Apple's hands-free "Hey Siri" command can make your life easier. Read More , but it’s also because iCloud shopping lists work really, really well. Don’t waste your money on a third-party app — just use Apple’s free iPhone and Mac apps. Creating a Shopping List Creating a list is really easy, and because our smartphones generally take an organizational role in our lives, we’ll be running through the process on an iPhone. Thanks to Apple’s unified design philosophy Should Mac Users Always Buy iPhones? Should Mac Users Always Buy iPhones? If you're on a Mac, you should grab Apple's own iPhone rather than an Android or Windows Phone. Why? There are many benefits to the iPhone-Mac combination. Read More , the process is virtually identical on a Mac or the iCloud website. Launch the Reminders app and display all of your lists (tap the name of the currently-open list to close it). Assuming you don’t already have a “Shopping” list, pull down from on the list to reveal the plus “+” icon. Tap it, select List, name it “Shopping”, choose a color, and hit Done. You can also rename any of your other lists by tapping one, hitting Edit and calling it whatever you like. You can then add things to your list the old-fashioned way: tap the next blank line, type something, hit enter to move on to the next item, repeat. It’s also possible to Show Completed items on your list, which is great for quickly re-adding old items. If you tap on an item you can hit the i button to do other things, like set location reminders or be alerted at a specific time How to Set Up Location Alerts in iPhone Reminders How to Set Up Location Alerts in iPhone Reminders Set location-based alerts using the iOS Reminders app and never forget to buy bread or pick up a package ever again. Read More . You can also add notes about the item if you want to, but that’s about as deep as the app goes. Use Siri to Add Items & View Your List You can add items to your list by telling Apple’s assistant something like, “Add bread to my shopping list”. Access Siri by holding down the Home button, or use the feature to its fullest potential with the hands-free “Hey Siri” command. This is especially useful if you’re cooking or doing something that means you can’t tap away on your phone. You might need to set up Hey Siri under Settings > Siri first, which will tailor the feature to your specific voice. You should also speak naturally when adding items. There’s no need to pause after saying “Hey Siri” to wake the assistant up — just speak your full sentence. This feature only works on the iPhone 6s or later. One limitation to adding items to your list using Siri is the inability to add multiple items at once. If you ask Siri to “add bread and wine to my shopping list” then you’ll get a single item for “bread and wine” — and based on my testing, instructions like “comma” or “plus” make no difference. Siri can also be used to quickly show your lists, simply by asking the assistant to “show my shopping list”. This removes the requirement to stop what you’re doing and launch the Reminders app. Unfortunately Siri is a bit over-zealous and starts reciting the entire list aloud until you check items off or ask something else. You can use Siri to manage all kinds of lists, and this works because we specifically created a “shopping” list in the reminders app. If you’d prefer to use terms “grocery” or “food” instead, create lists with these titles. Other ideas include “household” or “holiday” and even store names if you find yourself frequenting the same retailers. Make Your List Collaborative What makes the feature really useful is the fact that you can share your lists with other people who can add items and check things off. This obviously works best if all members have iPhones, particularly where groceries are concerned. To share your list with others: Launch Reminders and find your list. Hit Edit followed by Sharing. Use the Add person… button to share via email (use Apple ID emails for best results). Anyone you invite will receive an invitation on their device, and once accepted, they will be able to add items and mark others as completed. You can also revoke access via the Edit panel if you ever need to. When another person makes changes to the list, changes will be reflected for all other collaborative users. For instant changes, make sure you enable Push under Settings > Reminders > Accounts > Fetch New Data. Fetch might be easier on your battery How to Fix Poor iOS 10 Battery Life How to Fix Poor iOS 10 Battery Life Battery life not quite what it was before you updated? Here's what's going on and how to improve it. Read More , but your lists will take longer to sync. For household items like groceries, that’s could cause problems. Access Lists on Mac and Windows macOS also comes with a Reminders app. Provided you’re using the same iCloud account under System Preferences > iCloud, your lists will sync here too. You can add items quickly by typing, just as you can on iOS, or use macOS Sierra’s new Siri integration How to Use Siri on Your Mac: A Quick Start Guide How to Use Siri on Your Mac: A Quick Start Guide Apple’s intelligent personal assistant Siri is now on the Mac, and controlling your computer with your voice has never been easier. Read More to do so with your voice. Windows or Linux users will have to login via iCloud.com using their Apple ID, then select Reminders to view the list. Unfortunately, there’s no desktop app integration available via these platforms. If you’re most likely going to be organizing things using your iPhone, though, this won’t be a dealbreaker for you. The Best Shopping List for iPhone Users Apple’s own Reminders app, coupled with iCloud sharing, is the best list management solution for iPhone users. Deep integration with the rest of the OS, access from Siri, and the ability to sync with Mac and web clients makes for a surprisingly robust package. Sure there are more feature-rich solutions on the App Store, like AnyList (Free), but the core functionality isn’t necessarily any better than Apple’s own free app. The app that everyone with an iPhone already has, that makes sharing a breeze. How do you manage your shopping list? Do you use Siri half as much as you should? Let us know what you think in the comments. Image Credit: Larimage via Shutterstock.com Previous PostThe Search for the Perfect Mac Desktop Gmail ClientNext PostApple Kills App That Helps You Find Your Airpods 2 comments Write a Comment ReadandShare January 9, 2017 at 10:01 pm Totally "mickey mouse" but works well enough for a bachelor's simple shopping list. I use Google, but any phone contact list will work. I add a contact and name it AA, so it'll show right at the top. In the memo section, I jot down the stuff I need to buy or remember - usually on my laptop, but could be any device. And, of course, contacts sync automatically to all devices. No need to worry about whether the contents have downloaded or not. Update once, use anywhere. Reply ericesque January 9, 2017 at 7:00 pm My wife and I find AnyList's ability to categorize, suggest products as you type, and favorite items outweighs the modest gains in simplicity by using Reminders. You can import items from Reminders so you don't end up sacrificing much in integrations yet get a much more purpose driven experience. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tim Brookes 1112 articles Tim is Mac and iOS editor for MakeUseOf and can currently be found living in Melbourne, Australia. You can find him on Twitter at @timbrookes. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Noontec Zoro II Wireless Headphones Review and Giveaway Noontec Zoro II Wireless Headphones Review and Giveaway Garmin Vivomove Sport Review and Giveaway Garmin Vivomove Sport Review and Giveaway UHANS H5000 Review and Giveaway UHANS H5000 Review and Giveaway Advertisement Trending Upgraded to macOS Sierra? Stay Away From These 2 Features Mac Upgraded to macOS Sierra? Stay Away From These 2 Features The Newest Linux Operating Systems and Who Should Try Them Linux The Newest Linux Operating Systems and Who Should Try Them The Best 6 Sites to Get Free Ebooks Entertainment Internet The Best 6 Sites to Get Free Ebooks Advertisement Related Articles Mind Mapping on the iPhone & iPad: Here Are Your Options iPhone and iPad Mind Mapping on the iPhone & iPad: Here Are Your Options How to Hook Up a Game Controller to Your iPad or iPhone Gaming iPhone and iPad How to Hook Up a Game Controller to Your iPad or iPhone Organize Your Life With Numbers for Mac Mac Productivity Organize Your Life With Numbers for Mac Advertisement Latest Deals Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
News London Crime London Mayor Politics Transport Business Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Crystal Palace Tottenham Watford West Ham Other sport Going Out Restaurants Pubs & Bars Arts Theatre Film Music Great Days Out Events & Attractions Lifestyle Fashion ES Best Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Showbiz Staying In Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor Homes & Property Property News Area Guides Home & Garden Luxury Charity appeal Sign in Register Benefits User policies News Christmas appeal London Crime Politics Transport Education Health Technology Mayor of London Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur Crystal Palace Watford West Ham Transfer News Premier League Championship Sport Rugby Union Tennis Cricket Showbiz Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor One Direction Taylor Swift Kim Kardashian Top Gear Going Out Theatre Awards Restaurants Bars, Pubs & Clubs Arts Theatre Film Music Comedy Events & Attractions Great Days Out Tickets Staying In TV and film Tech and Gaming Music Streaming Books Puzzles & Games Crosswords Competitions Lifestyle Fashion Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Dating Motors Shopping ES Best ES Shop Travel Offers Business & Money Money Transfers Business Directory Health insurance Homes & Property Property news Area guides Home & garden Luxury Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Staying In Tech and Gaming 10 ways the iPhone has changed our world in the last 10 years Apple’s revolutionary smartphone has changed our lifestyles considerably Ben Travis Monday 9 January 2017 16:06 BST Click to follow ES Entertainment 10 years of Apple's iPhone 7 show all 10 years of Apple's iPhone 1/7 Unveiled Steve Jobs with the first iPhone AFP/Getty Images 2/7 iPhone The original iPhone Screen size 3.5in, rear camera 2 megapixel PA 3/7 iPhone 3G Screen size 3.5in, rear camera 2 megapixel AFP/Getty Images 4/7 iPhone 4 Screen size 3.5in, rear camera 5 megapixel Getty Images 5/7 iPhone 5 Screen size 4in, rear camera 8 megapixel Getty Images 6/7 iPhone 6 Screen size 4.7in, rear camera 8 megapixel Getty Images 7/7 iPhone 7 Screen size 4.7in, rear camera 12 megapixel PA Our world today moves fast, and it’s only speeding up – it’s likely the 21st century will be looked at as a time when the world was available at our fingertips at all times. There’s one device in particular that’s been pivotal in this new pace of life – the Apple iPhone, which changed technology, computing, and impacted our lifestyles in ways that few might have predicted. While it sparked a whole slew of similar products and operating systems, the original iPhone handset was the one that paved the way for everything that came after. Ten years on from the day that Steve Jobs first introduced the iPhone in one of his iconic presentations, here are ten ways it’s changed our world in the last decade. iPhone marks 10th anniversary Read more Google Pixel smartphone sees Londoners queue from 6am for iPhone rival 1) Apps One of the main keys to the success of the iPhone were apps – which didn’t arrive until the launch of iOS 2.0. Apps meant that developers could create their own iPhone-accessible software and put it out there for people to use, and users could download extra functionality and games for their phones. Now apps allow us to do… well, pretty much anything: book a taxi, order a pizza, edit a photo, download music, stream TV, and catch virtual Pokemon. (Niantic / Pokemon Company) 2) Selfies Gone are the days of grainy self-portrait photos taken in mirror reflections (sorry Tom Hardy). The iPhone 4 brought the front-facing camera to smartphones in 2010, accounting for the majority of the photos currently clogging up your Instagram. 3) Emojis Emoticons were always a thing, but Emoji took the art of sending smiley faces to another level. The ever-expanding set of Unicode chracters was named in 2015 as the fast growing language in the world, allowing us to communicate in ways that words sometimes can't. (emojipedia) 4) Full internet access Remember WAP? Waiting five minutes for a low-res version of MySpace or Google to load? The iPhone saw an end to that with a full mobile version of Apple’s Safari browser that meant you could do nearly everything you wanted to on the internet. It also changed the way the web was built – now most websites are designed in mobile-responsive code to fit the size of your screen, and Adobe Flash (famously not supported by Apple) has hugely decreased in prevalence. 5) GPS maps The arrival of GPS technology crossed with the arrival of apps meant never getting lost again. The Google Maps app, and later Apple’s own Maps and Citymapper mean we always know where we’re meant to be going and exactly how to get there. iPhone marks 10th anniversary 6) Autocorrect Back in the pre-iPhone days, you had to press the #1 key three times to type a ‘C’. Nowadays we jab vaguely on a digital QWERTY keyboard, and autocorrect takes care of the rest – 90% of the time typing exactly what we intended, and 10% of the time giving us embarrassing gaffes sure to go viral online. 7) Finger-accurate touch screens Touch screens were around back when the iPhone was first announced, but they often required a stylus to be used effectively and accurately. Steve Jobs was keen to stress the quality of the finger-activated multi-touch screen at the iPhone launch. Now the stylus in Apple’s tablet range is an artist’s design implement to be used on the tooled-up iPad Pro. Five things to know about the new iPhone 7 8) Instant music access The arrival of iTunes on PC and Mac was a huge moment in music downloads – and the iPhone only increased the ability to instantly hear the latest songs. The iTunes Store app meant that iPhone users could download songs straight to their phone without the need to plug it into their computer first, while the Spotify app and Apple Music mean subscribers can listen to any song, anywhere. 9) Apple Pay It’s not been around for long, but the Apple Pay system is already looking like it could be a catalyst to the world becoming cash-free. iPhone owners who connect their bank card to their mobile can pay for TfL travel and shopping by waving their handset in front of a contactless pay point. Read more 2 nasty bugs are destroying iPhone battery life How to stop your iPhone running out of data Apple iOS 10: release time, what's new and how to install 10) Killing off other tech The iPhone hasn’t just created new technologies – in expanding the definition of what a phone could be, it’s incorporated so many other devices we’d usually own. It’s a camera, it’s an iPod, it’s a portable video player – and you probably wouldn’t buy those things separately today. More about: Iphone Apple Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: All Topics All Authors Archive Terms of use Contact Us Privacy policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct & Complaints Advertisers Promotion rules Contributors Syndication Business Connections Homes & Property Jobs London Live The Independent This is London Magazine indy100 Install our apps Close We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Free access to Standard.co.uk’s comprehensive package of news, sport and entertainment relies on advertising revenue. This allows us to invest in the best writers, pictures and videos. To continue viewing the site please disable your ad blocker for Standard.co.uk. Need help to do this? Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for standard.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on standard.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add standard.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting standard.co.uk Continue to our site
Home Solution Provider Distribution Vendor Security Cloud People M&A Tech trends Mobility matters Events Resources 2112 hub Newsletters Sign in Events Upcoming events Channelnomics Conference MSP As the MSP market is maturing & competition is increasing, it’s critical to stand out. But what is it that makes a world class managed service provider? Join us at Channelnomics MSP as we shed light on the future of the US managed services industry. Date: 26 Apr 2017 The Park Lane Hotel 36 Central Park South New York, New York 10019, New York Channelnomics Security Conference Keeping up with security landscape that has evolved quickly and continues to increase in complexity is becoming a real challenge for channel firms. Our event will shed light on the most significant challenges and suggest possible strategies for overcoming the most pressing issues. Date: 28 Jun 2017 Chicago Channelnomics MSP Conference San Francisco As the MSP market is maturing and competition is increasing, it’s critical to stand out. But what is it that makes a world-class managed service provider? Join us at Channelnomics MSP as we shed light on the future of the U.S. managed services industry. Date: 21 Sep 2017 TBC, San Francisco Channelnomics Cloud Conference New York Join us for this one day event to hear about what lies ahead and what strategies you can use to grow your business, streamline cloud operations and maximize profits. Meet leading industry vendors to find out about the latest technologies and network with fellow industry professionals. Date: 07 Dec 2017 New York View all events Follow our events Sign up to receive email alerts about our eventsSign up Resources How to smash Office 365 support in 10 simple steps Microsoft's Cloud Solution Provider (CSP) program grows businesses faster in the cloud. As a reseller, you can't ignore that the CSP program offers a full customer experience. You're asked to guarantee the same level of support, which is no easy task. Rise to the challenge with these 10 simple steps. Download It’s time to assess your company’s mobile app strategy Mobile applications can drive real and positive change in today's business sector. However, most companies are struggling to develop effective mobile app strategies. Download this infographic to find out about seven steps to achieve a mobile application success. Download Sign in     Personalise your on site experience Download and use the apps Access your subscription from outside of the office Get relevant news and insight straight to your inbox Request account Remember me Forgot your password? Not subscribed?     Newsletters Account details Contact support Sign out   Follow us RSS Twitter Newsletters Register 2112 hub Channelnomics.com Home Solution Provider Distribution Vendor Security Cloud People M&A Tech trends Mobility matters     Personalise your on site experience Download and use the apps Access your subscription from outside of the office Get relevant news and insight straight to your inbox Request account Remember me Forgot your password? Not subscribed?     Newsletters Account details Contact support Sign out   Vendor Apple misses 2016 internal revenue, profit goals Top brass takes 55 percent hit to cash incentives from 2015 DH Kass 09 January 2017 Tweet   Facebook   LinkedIn   Google plus   Send to   0 Comments Apple fell short of its internal sales and operating profit targets for 2016, triggering an 11 percent cut in the cash incentive packages of its top brass, according to a Schedule 14A regulatory filing submitted Friday. For the fiscal year ended 24 September 2016, Apple recorded net sales of $215.6 billion and operating income of $60 billion. The vendor's sales target for incentive payouts was $223.6 billion and the operating income goal was $60.3 billion, the document said. Related articles Apple misses 2016 internal revenue, profit goals Elliott Management takes $1.4 billion stake in Cognizant, pushes for changes Apple smashes Q4 with record results Today's channel rundown - 2 June 2016 As a result, the iPhone maker paid out annual cash incentives for 2016 at 89.5 percent of target, according to the SEC filing. It was the first time the company didn't pay out full cash incentives to its top executives in seven years. If Apple had hit its targets, CEO Tim Cook would have received $6 million in cash incentives. CFO Luca Maestri, retail SVP Angela Ahrendts, SVP of internet software and services Eddy Cue, SVP of hardware engineering Dan Riccio and SVP and general counsel Bruce Sewell each would have received an additional $2 million. All had the potential to receive $4 million in total cash incentives if the company had reached its maximum performance goals. Cook could have been granted $12 million in cash payouts. As it was, Cook, who has a base salary of $3 million, received $5.4 million, while the the remaining executives, who are paid a minimum of $1 million annually, took home $1.8 million in performance-based cash incentives, or 55 percent less than each was granted in fiscal 2015. If the vendor's revenue had slipped below the threshold level of $203.3 billion and operating profit dipped under $50.7 billion, none of the executives, including Cook, would have received the cash incentive bonus. Apple calculates the cash incentives of its top executives, including Cook, based on net sales and operating income results against threshold, target and maximum performance goals as set by a compensation committee. Apple paid Cook $8.75 million in total 2016 compensation, a notable dip from the $10.3 million the CEO made in 2015. Tweet   Facebook   LinkedIn   Google plus   Send to   Topics Vendor Apple Tim Cook smartphones Iphone More on Vendor Research Microsoft Teams to best Google, Slack collaborative chat apps by 2018 - research 13 Jan Networking and Communications Riverbed talks recent changes and year ahead 12 Jan Vendor Lenovo unveils datacenter partner program 12 Jan Solution Provider IBM: Partner opportunities in analytics, cognition for 2017 11 Jan Vendor Vitagliano named new Computex boss 10 Jan Vendor Qualcomm, Huawei talk 5G, AI and IoT at CES 09 Jan Vendor Vendor Predictions 2017 Part 4: Channel evolution 06 Jan Solution Provider 2017 Top 10 Emerging Threats: Number 8 - Competitive space increases 06 Jan More news Today's channel rundown - 13 January 2017 Daily tech news and analysis channel partners need to know now, including Apple's iPhone monopoly lawsuit, AppDynamics' IPO, SoftBank's investment fund and more Channel Business 13 January 2017 Channelnomics' top five stories of the week - 13 January 2017 Research 13 January 2017 Editor's voice: The week's channel chatter - 13 January 2017 What's been happening this week on Channelnomics? Channel Business 13 January 2017 Microsoft Teams to best Google, Slack collaborative chat apps by 2018 - research Spiceworks data shows faster adoption growth rates for Microsoft's Teams and Skype for Business than Slack, Google Hangouts Research 13 January 2017 Add a comment Add a comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Back to Top Most read 2017 Top 10 Emerging Threats: Number 7 - Understanding IoT security Vendor Predictions 2017 Part 4: Channel evolution Room to grow in cloud app back-up - survey 2017 Top 10 Emerging Threats: Number 9 - Cloud security Qualcomm, Huawei talk 5G, AI and IoT at CES Contact Us Marketing solutions About Incisive Media Terms and conditions Privacy and Cookie policy RSS Twitter Newsletters © Incisive Media Investments Limited 2015 Channelnomics is a licensed brand of The 2112 Strategy Group, LLC © Incisive Business Media (IP) Limited, Published by Incisive Business Media Limited, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX. Companies registered in England and Wales with company registration numbers 9177174 & 9178013. Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016 Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 46,355 Like clockwork, Trump rips 'Saturday Night Live' on Twitter 31,208 It's time to face facts: Obama's presidency was a failure 16,177 Ringling Bros. closing 'Greatest Show on Earth' after 146 years 16,144 Carmelo Anthony: If Phil Jackson wants me gone, let's talk 15,848 Bob Woodward calls Trump dossier 'garbage' 13,507 Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dead at 73 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Tech Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Apple will release new iPad models, but will anyone care? By Post Staff Report View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) January 9, 2017 | 11:00am Modal Trigger Getty Images More On: apple Notorious iPhone hackers get hacked Apple Music to push into original shows and movies Tesla snags Apple exec to help run autopilot software team Apple's iPhone celebrates its 10th birthday on a low note The “worst has passed” for the iPad — but sales of the fading Apple gadget will still tumble 10 percent this year, according to a closely watched analyst’s report. Apple will release three new iPads this year: a second-generation, 12.9-inch Pro model; a lower-priced, 9.7-inch version of the iPad Air; and a new, “high-end” 10- to 10.5-inch version with a narrowed bezel design, KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Quo said in a research note. The new iPads are slated to be released in the second quarter, according to 9to5 Mac, an Apple blog that first reported on the analyst’s note over the weekend. Unlike the iPhone, the iPad doesn’t get regular yearly updates, which keeps Apple fanatics guessing on the timing. KGI expects iPad shipments in 2017 will drop about 10 percent to between 35 million and 37 million units. Still, that’s an improvement over the 20 percent drop the iPad suffered in 2016, the firm noted. The new, 10- to 10.5-inch model could help Apple narrow the iPad’s sales declines this year if it gets demand from “commercial/enterprises,” according to the note. Indeed, the use of the iPad as a replacement for cash registers in restaurants and retail shops has helped prop up demand for the device in recent quarters. The 9.7-inch model, meanwhile, will be a lower-priced legacy option that will “likely account for 50 to 60 percent of total shipments of new iPads,” according to the report. The analyst notes that Samsung will be the “biggest winner” among “new-entrant” suppliers for chips in the lower-priced, 9.7-inch iPad. Last week, Samsung said it expects its quarterly profits to soar 50 percent despite its exploding-phone debacle last fall, propped up by solid sales of chips for devices from other companies including Apple. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under apple ,  ipad ,  sales ,  tablets Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Uber-like snow shovelers app will save you this winter Read Next Uber-like snow shovelers app will save you this winter Most Popular This Week 1 Hell gets ready to welcome Charles Manson 2 Buzzfeed's Trump report takes 'fake news' to a new level 3 Giants blamed for trashing airplane after playoff blowout 4 Obese woman is now a stunning model thanks to 'teaspoon diet' 5 It's 'digital heroin': How screens turn kids into psychotic junkies 6 It's time to face facts: Obama's presidency was a failure Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 45,749 Like clockwork, Trump rips 'Saturday Night Live' on Twitter 31,640 It's time to face facts: Obama's presidency was a failure 16,281 Bob Woodward calls Trump dossier 'garbage' Now On More women rip Michael Che’s dating app etiquette Katie Couric’s ready for her TV comeback Eric Schneiderman and Preet Bharara power lunch SEE ALL Video 1:01 Chilling documentary reveals stories of child sex slave trafficking Now On How To Watch The NFL Playoff Games Online For Free SEE ALL More Stories pagesix More women rip Michael Che's dating app etiquette Now On Decider Top 10 Sexiest, Dirtiest & Steamiest Movies On Netflix Right Now nypost Like clockwork, Trump rips 'Saturday Night Live' on Twitter New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Sunday , 15 January 2017 Contact Privacy policy Terms of Use Disclaimer Information Copyright (DMCA) Our Staff Canada Journal – News of the World Articles and videos to bring you the biggest Canadian news stories from across the country every day home Canada World Entertainment Health Science Sports Movies – Series Technology Money Press Releases Home » Technology » Canada’s Competition Bureau closes two-year Apple investigation Canada's Competition Bureau closes two-year Apple investigation Canada’s Competition Bureau closes two-year Apple investigation Posted by: News Jan 9, 2017 in Technology Leave a comment After two years of investigation, Canada’s competition watchdog has decided to close its probe on Apple last Friday. A 24-month probe finally ended on Friday after Canada’s Competition Bureau on Friday said it was unable to gather sufficient evidence to prove Apple had taken part in anti-competitive actions. Apple was accused of using its market force to demand carriers sell rival devices at inflated prices. Other concerns centered around limitations Apple placed on marketing and sales of the iPhone by the carriers. The Canadian query surrounding the iPhone marketing and sales restrictions on carriers was very similar to investigations in France, South Korea, alleging the same things. Apple’s Canadian operations were under investigation from the country’s Competition Bureau, which was looking into claims of anti-competitive deals struck in the Country. The investigation was announced by the bureau in December 2014, with no presumed guilt. At the time of the investigation, the iPhone was available on main carriers Rogers, Bell, and TELUS, and on smaller providers Virgin Mobile, Fido, and Koodo. Agencies/Canadajournal Report an error Issue: * Found an error? Tell us about it! Invalid Contents Broken Links Your Name: * Your Email: * Details: * Submit Report 2017-01-09 News Share ! tweet About News Web articles – via partners/network co-ordinators. This website and its contents are the exclusive property of ANGA Media Corporation . We appreciate your feedback and respond to every request. Please fill in the form or send us email to: [email protected] Previous: Hayden Cross: Pregnant British man to be first in UK to give birth Next: Astronauts complete first phase of upgrading ISS batteries (Video) Related Articles Lexus LS 2018: First Impressions and Video Jan 14, 2017 Man caught driving110 km/h over limit in Halton Hills: police Jan 14, 2017 Peter Thiel: “Apple’s Golden Age Is Over” Jan 14, 2017 Facebook fixes Bug That Caused Messenger to Drain Batteries Jan 13, 2017 Vinyl sales predicted to keep growing in 2017; says new report Jan 12, 2017 Yahoo to change name to Altaba, CEO Marissa Mayer to depart Jan 10, 2017 2018 Mercedes-AMG GT C: More power and active aero for all! Jan 9, 2017 Nissan Qashqai comes to America as 2017 Rogue Sport (Video) Jan 9, 2017 BlackBerry QNX launches embedded software platform for connected smart cars Jan 8, 2017 Samsung’s Gear smartwatches now work with iOS app Jan 8, 2017 Aliens Finally Discovered in Elite Dangerous Space Game (Video) Jan 7, 2017 iOS 10 Hits 76 percent adoption rate; according to Apple’s stats Jan 7, 2017 Google kills Hangouts API In April Jan 7, 2017 Montreal Startup Mighty Cast Unleashes Exclusive Ingress Mod Band Jan 6, 2017 Alien Covenant VR experience headed to major platforms, Report Jan 6, 2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Advertisement Related Searches World News Headlines Advertisement Popular Recent Comments Tags Bethany Paquette : Christian claims to be victim of ‘viking discrimination’ (Video) Oct 11, 2014 Georgia : Cops Nab Electric Leaf Owner Before He Can Ride Free On Your Nickel Dec 5, 2013 Hunter Kills First Gray Wolf Seen In Iowa In 89 Years, Report May 15, 2014 Oceans are warming so fast that readings are now off the chart, Report Jan 24, 2015 MSNBC Cancels Three Of Its Awful, Awful Shows “Report” Aug 2, 2015 Mysterious ruby sea dragon has been caught on camera for the first time (Video) Jan 14, 2017 Lexus LS 2018: First Impressions and Video Jan 14, 2017 Planet Nine may be a Rogue Planet; says new research Jan 14, 2017 Man caught driving110 km/h over limit in Halton Hills: police Jan 14, 2017 Celine Dion Goes Very Blonde – See Her Latest Beauty Look! Jan 14, 2017 William Morgan: Why don't they use that great AI and think of a way to NOT q... Kevin: Your other problem is that we live in a world filled with lo... jojomal: Snikt!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!... Earthman: How much toxic discharge did the province of Quebec dump int... visit this site: I have been fascinated by cartoon, this is a great resource... Pokemon GO Zika Sarah Palin Taylor Swift Miley Cyrus Kate Hudson Jennifer Aniston cindy crawford Madonna george clooney lady gaga Heidi montag tom cruise Sandra bullock Val Kilmer Bobbi Kristina Giant squid Shark Vicki Gunvalson cop Paul Walker Accident hospitalized Bruce Jenner Scott Stapp News in Pictures Recent Posts Mysterious ruby sea dragon has been caught on camera for the first time (Video) Lexus LS 2018: First Impressions and Video Planet Nine may be a Rogue Planet; says new research Man caught driving110 km/h over limit in Halton Hills: police Celine Dion Goes Very Blonde – See Her Latest Beauty Look! Health Canada warns of certain ‘exploding’ natural gas and propane fireplaces BC Centre for Disease Control: Warning issued after spike in ‘oyster-related illness’ Recent Comments William Morgan on IBM Thinks Big for the Next Five Years, Report Kevin on Scientists develop new system to perform precise “surgery” on the human genome jojomal on Researchers Develop a Wolverine Inspired Self-Healing Material (Watch) Earthman on Nova Scotia’s mysterious marine deaths, Researchers stumped visit this site on Transgender SFU students demand inclusive washrooms Rod on Pooches rescued from Chinese dog meat festival arrive in Canada to start new lives Máire Ní Bhroin on Spoon on MARS! Could this be evidence of ancient soup? (Photo) Recent Posts Mysterious ruby sea dragon has been caught on camera for the first time (Video) Jan 14, 2017 Lexus LS 2018: First Impressions and Video Jan 14, 2017 Planet Nine may be a Rogue Planet; says new research Jan 14, 2017 Most Viewed Posts In The Last 7 Days Katelyn Nicole Davis: 12-Year-Old Girl Streams Her Suicide on Facebook Live390 views Granny the killer whale dies at 105; researchers say161 views Bethany Paquette : Christian claims to be victim of ‘viking discrimination’ (Video)160 views Popular Posts By Comments In The Last 7 Days Copyright © 2010-2016 Canada Journal . All rights reserved. This website and its contents are the exclusive property of ANGA Media Corporation
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Wallpapers of the week: geometry pack The top stories of the week on iDB Daily Deals: Beats Solo3 headphones $220, Sony PS4 $220, and more Let’s Talk iOS 169: 10-year iPhone anniversary special   skip to main content skip to main menu     The best HomeKit products announced at CES 2017 By Andrew O'Hara, Jan 9, 2017 Tweet 13 Comments CES has finished up and just like last year, we saw a barrage of new HomeKit items that will be soon coming to market. Last year we saw the additions of a bunch of new products like ceiling fans from Hunter, several new iDevices products, FirstAlert’s HomeKit safe, a whole range of switches and sensors from Elgato (that we reviewed), and much more. This year there are even more new products, which is very promising. Admittedly while there are lots of new entrants, not everything is as original as a ceiling fan or safe. Instead we are seeing a lot of products that are making the HomeKit ecosystem more seamless, and giving you options when you look for something like a lock, thermostat, or wall switch. Ring Floodlight Camera Starting with one of the products I was most excited in and that looked most unique was the first HomeKit product from Ring. Previously known as Doorbot, the Ring Video Doorbell has been around a while. It has proven to be very popular, but lacked HomeKit support. They now have released a new floodlight, that has a built-in camera, that utilizes the enhancements Apple made to HomeKit in iOS 10. Namely, camera support. Other than HomeKit support, it also features 1080p video recording and the “loudest siren available on an outdoor camera”. We’ve seen other cameras take advantage of HomeKit but this is the first security floodlight camera we’ve seen hit the market. iDevices Stick on Wall Switch iDevices has some really solid HomeKit products out there already. I’ve used their outdoor switch for the past 2 years to control my Christmas lights with fantastic results. No longer do I need some odd remotes, or confusing schedules to control the lights. I can use the HomeKit app and Siri to have them turn on and off when I please. This year iDevices has another unique product I’m very excited to add to my smart home. That is the stick-on wall switch. We’ve seen many physical wall switches that involve replacing your existing switches, but you are forced to use that location and can be tricky for many to do the wiring safely. These new stick-on switches will control any accessories or scenes you choose, and you don’t have to do have any existing wiring, or replace any existing hardware. They are powered from 2 coin cell batteries that will get you 2 years of use before you have to swap them. Like many HomeKit accessories, the biggest problem is they are still a bit pricey to change over your entire ouse at $49.95 a piece. They will be made available in mid 2017. Focalcrest Mixtile Hub Hubs are a necessary evil that we saw lots of this year at CES. The Mixtile hub is very different though because it allows you to connect your existing (but not HomeKit eligible) products using Z-Wave or ZigBee and connect them to HomeKit. There is an abundance of products using these two standards including thermostats, garage door openers, and especially lights. Mixtile hub is also unique as that you can actually connect it to your TV as a monitor to help the setup process. Then an accompanying app allows you to designate what each accessory does so it can be appropriately utilized via Siri and HomeKit. Incipio CommandKit Smart Wall Switch & Outlets Incipio announced a new wall switch, similar to what we’ve seen in the past. What I thought was more exciting was the power strip. It allows you to connect 4 devices and control them individually through HomeKit. They could be different lights, fans, humidifiers, etc. All of which can be scheduled, triggered, or controlled. They will be viable later this year for $59.99 (Smart Wall Switch) and $99.99 (Power Strip). Elgato Eve Extend and Aqua I really like Elgato’s lineup of Eve HomeKit accessories. I currently utilize several of them to perform different functions around my home. They have been very reliable, and they look very nice. I particularly like their version on the popular wall switch that even includes a little nightlight. They’ve built upon their already solid lineup of products with a new water sensor, and more interestingly, a Bluetooth extender. HomeKit products are made available outside your home by connecting to an Apple TV (or iPad running iOS 10). Problem is, not everything is necessarily within range of one of those two items. Say you have sensors or a lock on your door, but your Apple TV is in the living room. You can’t send commands or receive notifications when you are outside your home in that situation. The Eve Extend bridges those bluetooth products to Wi-Fi, allowing you access in those remote locations of your house. Netatmo Smart Smoke Alarm Netatmo makes some solid weather and camera products, but this is their first HomeKit-enabled product, and one many people were looking for. The Smart Smoke Alarm is similar to other “smart” smoke detectors that alerts you on your phone of problems and allows you to “hush” the siren in the case of a false trigger from something like burnt toast. It has an 85db chime and a 10-year battery. HomeKit support will allow you to receive those notifications remotely, or even perform other functions like turning your smart bulbs red if it detects a fire. Chamberlain Hub and Smart Garage Door Opener Similar to how Philips released a new hub that added HomeKit support to their existing smart bulbs, Chamberlain is introducing a new MyQ Home Bridge that allows you to now use Siri with any of your already purchased accessories. They are even releasing the hub at a reduced price ($49.99), before raising it to full retail $69.99. More tempting to me though, the smart garage door opener, dubbed the Smart Garage Hub. It allows you to add HomeKit support to virtually any brand of garage door system you already own. This is a perfect smart home accessory. You can tie it to location based commands, like if you arrive or leave it can open or close. Or even get notifications when someone raises or lowers it, similar to a window/door sensor. The Smart Garage Hub will be available starting April of this year. Withings Home Plus Smart Security Camera Withings’ popular baby monitor/smart security camera got a neat upgrade not too long ago that allowed you to watch it on your Apple TV. The newer Home Plus Smart Security Camera adds even more via HomeKit support. Yale Real Living Assure smart locks Joining Kevo, August, and a bevy of other manufactures, well known lock maker Yale is adding HomeKit support to their line of Real Living Assure smart locks. Leviton light switch Another iteration of the popular HomeKit light switch that we have seen a few times so far this year. Noticeably, they are more physical with actual clicking buttons unlike the capacitive button on the Elgato Eve. Carrier Côr thermostat Carrier introduced two new versions of their Côr thermostats, bringing with them HomeKit support. It will be available early this year. ConnectSense Bluetooth Extender This is very similar to the Eve Extend, and allows you to connect your Bluetooth Low Energy based HomeKit products to Wifi, allowing even greater access. It adds to the already existing lineup of HomeKit sensors from ConnectSense. Fibaro’s Flood Sensor, Door/Window Sensor and Motion Sensor Fibaro has the most new entries into the HomeKit market this year with a flood sensor, motion sensor and a door/window sensor. While they aren’t the most exciting bunch of products, they are all necessary pieces of making a truly smart home. Now that iOS 10 includes triggers for things like door sensors, there is much more you can do. For instance, I have my patio lights turn on any time I open my patio door. The motion sensor in particular is also especially well equipped. It not only detects motion, but temperature, light intensity, and even an accelerometer to detect any tampering. The motion sensor will retain for $69.99, the door/window sensor for $59.99, and the flood sensor for $69.99. D-Link Omna D-Link is also stepping into the arena with their new HomeKit equipped Omna camera. The one product I did expect to see here at CES that I didn’t was the Canary Plus security camera, which was expected to launch in the fall, alongside iOS 10. Summary I’m very happy with my HomeKit-equipped smart home and the array of products that we are seeing is starting to bring everything together. Early on it was a bit sketchy with mostly outlets and smart bulbs building out the product offerings. But if you had smart bulbs, you couldn’t use wall switches lest the “smart” features wouldn’t work, as you had cut off their power. Now that we are having a more robust list of options for wall switches and sensors, it is about time we start seeing more accessories taking to HomeKit. I particularly want to see Apple and manufacturers start building HomeKit into things like smart coffee makers, ovens, safes, or other areas of the Home. Why not HomeKit enabled deadbolts? Or a dishwasher? It would be nice to load the dishwasher and have it scheduled to run overnight, or when I actually go to bed and forget that I didn’t start it, I can using Siri. So what do you think of the laundry list of new HomeKit products? Is it enough for you to dive in and start teaching your home new tricks? What other products would you like to see equipped with Siri control? Let us know all your thoughts down in the comments below. Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Speck’s Presidio cases offer scratch and drop protection for your new MacBook Pro OtterBox expands uniVERSE system to iPad Air 2 & 9.7-inch iPad Pro, adds new partners AirBar gives your MacBook Air a touchscreen display CES 2015: HomeKit-compatible Switch controls your home with Siri Related Topics Accessories, CES, CES 2017, HomeKit dowanner Really interesting development for home automation!! However, I’m suspicious and always miss the privacy part in gadgets explanations… Does nobody care about the handling of these accumulated data we share with these products? Would be interesting to have statements in that regard too☺️ askep3 When are the prices going to start going down is what I’m wondering. I mean you have a $99 power strip with 4 plugs Andrew O’Hara They most likely will start going down as competition increases. So the more we see, the more likely they will begin to be competitive. Plus, the smart home is still very new. credulousgeek Home automation is in its first stages of adoption give it like 1 year then you will see most products stooping to $9.99 price tags.Home automation yet is not 50% part of homes alone in US so as the world will start adopting things will change and you will be able to purchase homekit products at affordable price. WTF-Ever! The biggest problem I see is that there are too many companies doing too many things and once you start outfitting your home with with smart devices you end up with 20 different apps on your device JUST for your Home Automation! Somebody needs to come up with a hub that does everything and integrates with everything that way people can just buy one hub that will integrate with all their devices seamlessly. Yeah there are a few options out there already but one of the biggest I run into is that if I try to use a single app to control all my devices, there always ends up being a couple of features that I’ll be missing if I don’t use the original manufacturers app. I recently picked up the newest gen SmartThings Hub which seems promising but I haven’t had time to test it out yet. credulousgeek The answer is Apple Homekit they have unified all controls of your homekit devices in one app so whats the fuss is all about? WTF-Ever! Spoken like a true fanboy! SMH What about all the users who DON’T have iDevices? Yeah I might own an iPhone right now, but what about down the road? You think I’m gonna just throw away all my Home Automation devices because my new phone isn’t compatible with HomeKit? Not to mention that HomeKit isn’t really all that great. This goes back to what I was saying about “ALL-IN-ONE” apps only having “limited functionality”. HomeKit is BASIC! Yeah it’s good for simple people (like most Apple users), but for all the other advanced users out there, we require something a lot more robust than HomeKit. Obsidian71 delete your account WTF-Ever! Shouldn’t you be standing outside a crApple store cheering right now? Fvckin lame ass fanboy! credulousgeek other than iDevices all I have to say is android needs to work on unifying home automation apps iOS is doing good so far if you don’t own an iPhone then there is nothing wrong all you have to do is to wait till Google adds home automation system wide. WTF-Ever! Clearly you missed the part where I said “Yeah I might own an iPhone right now, but what about down the road?”. I swear you fvckin fanboys think that just because someone says something negative about crApple that they must be an Android user! You fvckin lames need to wake the fvck up and see that crApple isn’t doing shit these days! I used to buy a new iPhone every year, that was back when buying a new iPhone got you “a new iPhone”, not a clone of last years model like you get now a days! dowanner Highly appreciate dear Andrew! Really helpful and provides me a complete different approach to these products! Thx for your effort and explanation!! credulousgeek While sharing data on Apple devices one must be most often confident that their data is not being shared thats one major reason I love Apple despite great products.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Wallpapers of the week: geometry pack Jailbreak tweaks of the week: OnceMore, Photicon, & more… The top stories of the week on iDB Photicon replaces your Photos app icon with a preview of your most recent picture AdaptiveColorAlerts colorizes all your alert messages to match anything behind them   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: OnceMore, Photicon, & more… Photicon replaces your Photos app icon with a preview of your most recent picture AdaptiveColorAlerts colorizes all your alert messages to match anything behind them Why to avoid third-party Cydia Substrate “patches” for the iOS 10 beta jailbreak OnceMore lets you repeat iPhone timers right from the Lock screen iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2016] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] How to Fix a Frozen iPhone in 10 Seconds Josh Smith06/22/2016 This guide will show you how to fix a frozen iPhone without losing your data or visiting an Apple Store for help. You can fix a frozen iPhone in 10 seconds without a computer or any other accessories so that you can get back with your day. You can also use this to fix a frozen iPad. Advertisement Sometimes a frozen iPhone will not let you do any type of activity, and often you are stuck on-screen in an app or on a home screen. This can also help if your iPhone is stuck off and won’t turn on, but mainly you will use this when the iPhone is stuck on with an app or something on-screen. This is a hard-reboot, but some people will call it a hard-reset. Don’t worry about the reset part of this name. You are not resetting the iPhone like you would with a factory reset that wipes all the data clean. Fix your frozen iPhone in seconds. This may not solve all of your problems. If the iPhone freezes regularly you may need to remove an app or perform an actual factory reset on your iPhone and start from scratch. It’s normal for an iPhone to freeze once or twice in a year after you install a bad app or run into a problem. If things continue to freeze or go bad, there may be a hardware problem that requires a trip to an Apple Store. Advertisement Fix a Frozen iPhone in 10 Seconds You can fix a frozen iPhone in about ten seconds by pressing and holding the power and home button at the same time until the iPhone restarts. Once the iPhone screen changes from the frozen state to showing an Apple logo or just a blank screen you can let go. This is a hard reboot. By pressing and holding the home button and power button you force the iPhone to restart. This is similar to holding the power button on a Macbook or laptop or just unplugging a device from power. You’ll see this screen when you fix a frozen iPhone. You don’t need to hold the power buttons after the phone restarts. You should not lose any data doing this, but if you were typing a message, document or working on something inside of an app you may lose that small bit of work depending on when it saved. You don’t need to be plugged in to power or connected to a computer to use this method of fixing a frozen iPhone. If the battery is low, it may help to plug-in to power, but otherwise you are good to do this anytime the iPhone is frozen. Advertisement This works on any iPhone, iPad or iPod touch on any version of Apple’s software including iOS 5, iOS 6, iOS 7, iOS 8, iOS 9 and the upcoming iOS 10. Read: iOS 9 Tips and Tricks For users who consistently have this problem, it may be good to uninstall a problem app or make sure it is up to date. If you never restart your iPhone or iPad and you have this happen once or twice a year you can often avoid it by restarting you iPhone once every other week. If this is a continual problem you should consider backing up the iPhone to iCloud or your computer and then performing a factory reset. This takes longer to complete, but it can resolve problems. If you choose to to restore from an iPhone backup and the problem continues you may need to hard reset the iPhone and then set it up as a new device. What’s New in iOS 10.1 What's New in iOS 10.1   1 / 30 This is a list of what's new in iOS 10.1, including new features like Portrait mode on the iPhone 7 Plus and a number of important fixes for the iPhone and iPad.      Camera and Photos     Introduces Portrait Camera for iPhone 7 Plus that creates a depth effect that keeps your subject sharp while creating a beautifully blurred background (beta) People names in the Photos app are saved in iCloud backups Improved the display of wide color gamut photos in the grid views of the Photos app Fixes an issue where opening the Camera app would show a blurred or flashing screen for some users Fixes an issue that caused Photos to quit for some users when turning on iCloud Photo Library Maps     Transit support for every major train, subway, ferry, and national bus line, as well as local bus systems for Tokyo, Osaka, and Nagoya Sign-based transit navigation including layouts of all underground structures and walkways that connect large transit stations Transit fare comparison when viewing alternative transit routes Messages     New option to replay bubble and full screen effects Messages effects can play with Reduce Motion enabled Fixes an issue that could lead to contact names appearing incorrectly in Messages Addresses an issue where Messages could open to a white screen Addresses an issue that could prevent the report junk option from displaying with unknown senders Fixes an issue where videos captured and sent in the Messages app could be missing audio Apple Watch     Adds distance and average pace to workout summaries in the Activity app for outdoor wheelchair run pace and outdoor wheelchair walk pace Fixes issues that may have prevented Music playlists from syncing to Apple Watch Addresses an issue that was preventing invitations and data to appear in Activity Sharing Fixes an issue that was allowing Activity Sharing to update over cellular when manually disabled Resolves an issue that was causing some third-party apps to crash when inputting text Other improvements and fixes     Improves Bluetooth connectivity with 3rd party accessories Improves AirPlay Mirroring performance when waking a device from sleep Fixes an issue where playback would not work for iTunes purchased content when the "Show iTunes Purchases" setting is turned off Fixes an issue where certain selfie apps and face filters used with the FaceTime HD Camera on iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus did not display a live preview Fixes an issue in Health where individual strokes are converted to separate characters when using the Chinese handwriting keyboard Improves performance of sharing websites from Safari to Messages Fixes an issue in Safari that caused web previews in tab view to not display correctly Fixes an issue that caused certain Mail messages to be reformatted with very small text Fixes an issue that caused some HTML email to be formatted incorrectly Fixes an issue that in some cases caused the search field to disappear in Mail Fixes an issue that could prevent Today View Widgets from updating when launched Fixes an issue where Weather widget sometimes failed to load data Fixes an issue on iPhone 7 where Home Button click settings would not appear in search results Fixes an issue that prevented spam alert extensions from blocking calls Resolves an issue that could prevent alarm sounds from going off Fixes an issue where audio playback via Bluetooth would cause the Taptic engine to stop providing feedback for some users Resolves an issue preventing some users from restoring from iCloud Backup For information on the security content of Apple software updates, please visit this website:  https://support.apple.com/HT201222  Keep reading to check out the iOS 10 features and iOS 10.1 features that these updates offer.   1 / 30 32 Responses 07/06/2015 Elizabeth raymond Reply Thank you cause been trying all night and it actually worked 06/30/2016 AnnGuilbert Reply Some frozen problem are iOS system problem. This guide can solve iOS system problem. It’s better than other method. How to Fix iPhone Frozen on Apple Screen 07/10/2015 g flann Reply i decided to try this before reading the article. it worked exactly as described and the phone works normally 07/20/2015 char Reply it worked!!, thanks 09/16/2015 nana Reply This was helpful. thanks 09/22/2015 Wendy Khan Reply It worked 09/24/2015 Som Reply great.. It really worked.. very helpful.. 10/02/2015 monicamendoza Reply Thank you sooo much! 10/04/2015 Roseanne Bell Reply Thanks! This is a brand new phone and I was freaking out. Your advice worked perfectly! 10/14/2015 Papa Sid Reply worked thank you?… 10/28/2015 federal Reply If I do it will it get rid of my contacts, photos, installed apps, iBooks, high scores or anything else? 11/02/2015 Gary Reply Thanks, worked out great and no data was lost!! Thanks again!! 11/11/2015 Simone Costa Reply Mine was very bad! I tried everything and nothing seemed to work. Finally i uninstalled a few app. Now it works perfectly again. 11/20/2015 Jen Reply Thank you!!! 01/05/2016 Nannette Mauldin Reply It worked! Thank you so much! 01/09/2016 Jaynel Reply Thank you holding down both buttons worked. 01/10/2016 Michael Reply This was great advice – and so simple – thanks so much 02/16/2016 Lily Reply Lifesaver! Taking pelican pictures when iPhone froze. The ten second fix was a nine second fix. 02/27/2016 iqra iqbal Reply thak u sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo muchhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 03/12/2016 Hugh Reply Saved my life! Many thanks 03/14/2016 Ria Reply Thank you so much for this post!!! Holding both buttons worked perfectly and has kept me from losing my mind . . . Hope I can remember to do that if it ever happens again. : ) 03/17/2016 Marisol Reply Thank you this really worked. Save me 05/08/2016 ashley Reply OMG OMG OMG OMG thank you thank you thank you!!!!!!!! Gd bless you and your loved ones 06/27/2016 liebemaggie Reply I tried to hard reset my iPhone and put device in recovery mode or DFU mode. None of this work, I also found some tools, which claim to fix iOS system to normal from issues like black screen, white screen, boot loop etc without data loss. Anyone has tried this method before? https://www.imyfone.com/ios-data-recovery/iphone-stuck-on-apple-screen-solution/ 07/09/2016 MH Reply your a life saver! thank you! :) 07/24/2016 Phoebe Reply Thanks a lot! You’ve been so helpful!!! ♥ 07/25/2016 Candace Reply Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!! Clear instructions and it worked! You are indeed a life-saver. 08/12/2016 Kenzye Reply works like a charm awesome awesome awesome 09/04/2016 Kiasha Reply My iphone 6 remains stuck on the white screen with the apple logo. I held down the home and lock button for 10 seconds, and the screen turned black, but then remained stuck on the screen with the apple logo, and still won’t switch on. What do I do? 10/07/2016 Kiara Reply omg! thank you very much! this was the first time when it happend at my phone (iphone4s) i was so worried but i tried what you said and it worked. so thank you again! 01/04/2017 Tracey Reply OMG!!!! THANK YOU!!!!! … this was driving me mental 01/09/2017 steven rippe Reply Thanks, love the internet when it works like this…thanks for taking the time to post this information. You really helped me today!! Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website 27 Best iPhone 7 Cases 01/12/2017 Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/11/2017
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides Nintendo Switch iPhone 8 Samsung Galaxy S8 MacBook Pro MWC 2017 iOS 10.2 News 10 years of iPhone: watch Steve Jobs introduce Apple's first ever smartphone 10 years of iPhone: watch Steve Jobs introduce Apple's first ever smartphone By Gerald Lynch Mobile phones   Cast your mind back to 2007 Shares It's hard now to imagine a world without smartphones but, with few notable exceptions, it took Apple and its iPhone to really popularise the concept - and revolutionise the world of personal electronics in the process. You may then find it even harder to comprehend that the iPhone is only 10 years old - a landmark which it reaches today with the anniversary of its unveiling at the 2007 Macworld expo. Want to see the future being written? Feast your eyes on the late Steve Jobs below as he gives the world its first glimpse of the original iPhone: A lasting legacy Ambitious as it was to deliver “a widescreen iPod with touch controls, a revolutionary mobile phone and a breakthrough internet communications device,” all in one back in 2007, it all seems rather quaint now - even down to the relative lack of bombast and polish that would surround a modern iPhone launch. Just check out poor Stan Sigman of Singular - he wouldn't get away with stumbling over flashcard prompts at a global Apple event these days. But Apple knew it was onto something special - today also marks the 10 years since it changed its name from Apple Computers Inc to simply Apple Inc, acknowledging that the lines between what a computer could be were about to change dramatically. “iPhone is an essential part of our customers' lives, and today more than ever it is redefining the way we communicate, entertain, work and live,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s current CEO, of the anniversary.  “iPhone set the standard for mobile computing in its first decade and we are just getting started. The best is yet to come.” Want to see where we're at now? Check out the latest iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus reviews Tags iPhone iPod ABOUT THE AUTHOR Gerald Lynch Gerald is Associate Editor of TechRadar, taking care of the site's news and features output. He loves his gaming, but don't expect him to play with you unless your console is hooked up to a 4K HDR screen and a 7.1 surround system. Based out of TechRadar Towers, London, Gerald was previously Editor of Gizmodo UK. He dreams of the day when he can pop on a VR headset and meet Lawnmower Man-era Pierce Brosnan. Sadly, Pierce doesn't share the dream. Related news Nokia has a new phone - but you won't be able to buy it Top 5 best data visualisation services 12 best telephoto lenses 2017: the best lenses for Canon & Nikon DSLRs CES 2017: All the news, reviews and videos from the massive Las Vegas tech show See more Mobile phones news Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Virgin Media Super Hub 3 review 2 Nintendo Switch review 3 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 4 iPhone 8 release date, news and rumors 5 Best cheap phones 2017: our top budget mobiles 1 Are these videos a sneak preview of the Samsung Galaxy S8? 2 All the Nintendo Switch games coming at launch and beyond 3 MacBook Pro earns Consumer Reports recommendation after battery bug fix 4 Your Apple Watch becomes a mini Macintosh with this charging stand 5 8K TV: Everything you need to know about the futuristic resolution TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides Nintendo Switch iPhone 8 Samsung Galaxy S8 MacBook Pro MWC 2017 iOS 10.2 News How the iPhone has transformed over 10 years How the iPhone has transformed over 10 years By Luke Johnson Mobile phones   There’s been a lot more than redesigns and added megapixels Shares Page 1 of 2: Screen size, resolution, build, camera and battery Screen size, resolution, build, camera and battery Power, storage, connections, software and connectivity It’s hard to believe that it’s a decade since the iPhone was first unveiled, such has been the impact of the first modern smartphone. On January 9 2007, when Steve Jobs took to the stage to show off this iPod / phone combo, the Motorola Razr V3 was the must-have handset, Nokia, BlackBerry and Sony Ericsson were all still a big deal, and the bulky, screen-sliding Telstra hiptop 2 was pegged as “the next big thing”. Flip phones were still popular, physical buttons obviously had to be there and a 3MP camera was considered to be extravagantly high-end. Now, however, almost all phones follow the foundations laid out by that original iPhone and we’ve had 14 new models of Apple’s handset since then. But exactly how much has the iPhone changed over the past ten years? Despite being described at the time by Jobs as a “magical device” that would “revolutionize the industry,” what was announced on stage was hardly the best technology around - and by modern standards, it’s positively antiquated. So let’s see how much more power is packed into Apple’s most powerful phone, the iPhone 7 Plus, compared to the original. Screen size Pick up an original iPhone now and you’d wonder how we ever lived with such small, squat handsets. At the time, however, its 3.5-inch capacitive touchscreen (that accounted for 52% of the phone’s form) was a revolution. One of the first mainstream phones to fully trade in physical buttons for a touch panel, it offered an expanse of visual real estate unseen at the time. Today it’s more a surprise when a phone actually has keys, and screen sizes have expanded massively. The iPhone 7 Plus plays host to a large 5.5-inch panel, and that’s far from the biggest on the market. Though Apple resisted the trend for larger screen sizes for years. The original iPhone’s 3.5-inch form was retained from 2007 right up until 2012, and even then the iPhone 5 only adopted a 4-inch display. It was then a further two years before the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 launched alongside the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus, which is still Apple’s biggest handset size today. Resolution Since the launch of the first iPhone, screens haven’t just got bigger, they’ve become sharper, brighter, smarter and more vibrant too. The original iPhone’s 320 x 480 resolution packed in more pixels than anything else around at the time, but thanks to the much vaster screen size, its 165 pixels-per-inch image density wasn’t the sharpest. Now tech users are strapping screens with a similar resolution and much higher pixel density to their wrists, and phones like the iPhone 7 Plus are as pixel-rich as the TV that takes pride of place in your living room. The Plus’s 5.5-inch Retina HD display boasts a 1920 x 1080 resolution and 401ppi image density that, combined with a 1300:1 contrast ratio and boosted brightness over past models, make it Apple’s best-looking yet. While both phones run on capacitive touch (registering the finger’s electrical impulses rather than pressure to make the screen work), those touch elements have been enhanced and refined over the years. Improved multitouch capabilities have been added and now 3D Touch means the iPhone 7 Plus’ screen is pressure sensitive too, comedically bringing back one of the features of early touchscreens that the first iPhone did away with. Build When the original iPhone was unveiled, its design and build was unlike anything seen on a phone, pairing an all-glass front with a largely metal back. Lining up at 11.6mm thick and 135g it stood out from a sea of flip phones, sliders and boxy candy bar handsets that all favored plastic over sweeping curves. A decade on, you can still see the original iPhone’s design DNA in the iPhone 7 Plus. At 7.3mm thick and 188g, the 7 Plus is finished with an all-metal body, in a choice of five colors. It’s also water-resistant to survive dips and dunks without succumbing to a liquid demise. Apple’s phones haven’t been without design flaws though: from the iPhone 4’s "just don’t hold it that way" Antennagate issues to the Bendgate woes that saw some iPhone 6 Plus models warping, the company’s hit a few design stumbling blocks along the way. Camera When the original iPhone was announced, cameras were still a luxury addition to smartphones. However, Apple was planning to compete with the best in the market with its expensive phone, and with devices such as the Sony Ericsson K800i already featuring 3MP snappers and the forthcoming Nokia N95 offering a huge 5MP sensor, the iPhone’s flash-less 2MP camera was a solid if far from ground-breaking addition. Now, the quality of the integrated camera is one of the main reasons we all buy new phones, and the iPhone 7 Plus has not one, but two sensors that take great photos - and that’s just on the back of the device. With the phone pairing a wide-angle, wide-aperture f/1.8 lens that helps boost the phone’s low-light photography skills with a second, f/2.8 telephoto lens that takes you closer to the action without degrading the image, the 7 Plus’ dual-lens camera would have been unthinkable a decade ago - and Live Photos or 4K video recording would have caused the first iPhone’s CPU to melt. And where the original iPhone featured just the one camera, the iPhone 7 Plus has them both front and back - in 2007 selfie wasn’t even a word. Battery If the original iPhone’s screen, interface and design got people excited, its battery life filled any user with dread. Back in 2007, phone batteries were able to last around a working week between charges, and yet Apple had to convince users that daily recharges and just eight hours of talk time on a single charge was worth paying a small fortune for. The functionality of the phone won through, and now almost all smartphones are subjected to a nightly visit to a charger. The iPhone 7 Plus’ oversized form has allowed a much bigger battery to be squeezed in - but despite almost tripling talk time to 21 hours, with so much more that the phone can do when it comes to web browsing, game playing and video streaming, you’ll still be running out of battery come the end of the day - some things do never change. 1 2 Current page: Screen size, resolution, build, camera and battery Next Page Power, storage, connections, software and connectivity Tags iPhone Nokia Related news Windows 10 is about to slip in more stealthy adverts The best Nintendo 3DS deals in the January sales 2017 The best Sony Xperia X Compact deals in the January Sales 2017 BlackBerry partner says new tie-up won't be another Microsoft/Nokia debacle See more Mobile phones news Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Virgin Media Super Hub 3 review 2 Nintendo Switch review 3 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 4 iPhone 8 release date, news and rumors 5 Best cheap phones 2017: our top budget mobiles 1 Are these videos a sneak preview of the Samsung Galaxy S8? 2 All the Nintendo Switch games coming at launch and beyond 3 MacBook Pro earns Consumer Reports recommendation after battery bug fix 4 Your Apple Watch becomes a mini Macintosh with this charging stand 5 8K TV: Everything you need to know about the futuristic resolution TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Apple Mobile Computing iphone Apple celebrates the tenth anniversary of the iPhone One billion sales later, Tim Cook says the best is yet to come for the iPhone By Rob Thubron on Jan 9, 2017, 6:15 AM TechSpot Ten years ago today, Steve Jobs took to the stage at Macworld 2007 to introduce a device that would become Apple’s most recognizable and successful product: the iPhone. To celebrate the anniversary, Apple has launched a tribute page dedicated to the famous handset. In his keynote speech one decade ago, Jobs called the iPhone a “revolutionary product.” The former CEO described it as “a widescreen iPod with touch controls, a revolutionary mobile phone and a breakthrough internet communications device.”  Since the first iPhone was released, Apple’s handsets have sold over one billion units worldwide. It became the inspiration for the iPad and, of course, the Apple Watch. The device also influenced the design and functions of smartphones from other companies. In some cases, Apple felt the similarities were a little too close, leading to the seemingly never-ended patent lawsuits against Samsung. “iPhone set the standard for mobile computing in its first decade and we are just getting started.” said CEO Tim Cook. Much of Apple’s post is dedicated to the features and hardware found in the iPhone 7/7 Plus, which, while still a great phone and technically impressive, disappointed many Apple fans with its lack of innovation, similarities to the previous year’s model, and missing headphone jack. Despite its shortcomings, the newest iPhone was the top-selling US smartphone in the three months ending October 2016, taking a 10.6 percent share of the market - despite only being available for seven weeks out of that 12-week timeframe. Admittedly, though, some of its success could be attributed to Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 nightmare. So what’s next for Apple? According to some alleged leaked manufacturing documents, 2017 will see the release of four new iPhones – three ‘s’ models and the iPhone 8 (assuming that’s the name it will go by). Apple is rumored to be introducing a slew of new design features for its next flagship iPhone, including an almost edge-to-edge AMOLED display, embedded home button, wireless charging, and more. Cook believes the smartphone will be as revolutionary as the product Jobs introduced all those years ago. “The best is yet to come,” said the current Apple boss. Related Reads Chinese regulators say design of Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus violates patent Apple unveils its first official battery case for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus launching in China next month 9 comments 121 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… For every Samsung device activated during the holidays, Apple had two Apple could release a 5-inch iPhone 's' model with dual vertical cameras next year Leaked: There will be three iPhones released next year Popular Comparing Team Communication Apps: What Do You Get for Free? 24 comments This 74-year-old Grandpa is losing the game he has played since 1999 (and it'll touch your heart) 19 comments Nintendo Switch details: $300, March 3 release, online service requires paid subscription, more 10 comments Watch the Nintendo Switch hands-on event in Tokyo Load Comments 9 ... User Comments: 9 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 74 Steve Wozniak warns Apple over removing the 3.5mm headphone jack for the iPhone 7 34 Watch Apple's attempt at getting people to buy its $300 book 24 Apple finds 90% of its accessories sold on Amazon are fake; sues main manufacturer 7 Serious Apple question 10 Volume knob stopped working on ipad 2 Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
All IT News Latest IT News All IT Categories All IT Topics IT News Topics Listed by Top IT Topics IT News Topics Listed by Products and Solutions All Videos Authors Featured IT Vendors IT Community Professionals All IT Vendors All IT News Latest IT News All IT Categories All IT Topics IT News Topics Listed by Top IT Topics IT News Topics Listed by Products and Solutions All Videos Authors Featured IT Vendors IT Community Professionals All IT Vendors Cloud Cloud Home Private Cloud Public Cloud Public Cloud Home Amazon Web Services (AWS) Microsoft Azure Hybrid Cloud Cloud Management Citrix Workspace Cloud VMTurbo Operations Manager Cloud Security All Cloud Resources Datacenter Data Center Home Backup, Recovery & DR All Backup & Recovery Resources Veeam Availability Suite All Disaster Recovery Resources Containers All Containers Resources Docker Databases Hyper-Converged Infrastructure All Hyper-Converged Infrastructure Resources Atlantis HyperScale Nutanix VMware EVO:Rail Management Management Home VMTurbo Operations Manager All Management Resources Monitoring Monitoring Home Acceleratio SysKit ControlUp eG Innovations Enterprise Goliath Performance Monitor ManageEngine Xangati All Monitoring Resources Networking Networking Home Citrix NetScaler Goliath for NetScaler All Networking Resources Open Source Security Server Virtualization All Server Virtualization Resources Citrix XenServer Microsoft Hyper-V VMware vSphere Storage Storage Home DataCore SoftNAS All Storage All Data Center Resources Desktop Desktop Home Applications All Applications Resources Citrix XenApp Microsoft App-V Microsoft RemoteApp VMware App Volumes VMware ThinApp Collaboration Consumerization of IT Desktop Virtualization (VDI) All VDI Resources Citrix XenDesktop Dell Wyse vWorkspace Microsoft Remote Desktop Services VMware Workspace ONE VMware Horizon View Development News User Management User Management Home Liquidware Labs ProfileUnity AppSense DesktopNow All User Management Resources 3D Graphics Printing Citrix Related Virtual Desktops VMware Virtual Desktops Microsoft Virtual Desktops All Desktop Resources Mobility Mobile Home Enterprise Mobility Management (EMM) All EMM Resources VMware AirWatch Citrix XenMobile Internet of Things Mobile Productivity Mobile Security Smartphones Smartwatches Tablets All Mobile Resources Resources Citrix Ready Podcasts with Douglas Brown DABCC Radio Podcasts DABCC TV Video Podcasts Infographics On-Demand Webinars and Webcasts Software Downloads VMware EUC On-Demand 2016 White Papers Events Search DABCC Mobile Apps Books LittleMsMobile.com – Mobility News Top IT Videos Home Applications The Zen of data center maintenance The Zen of data center maintenance January 9, 2017 Veeam 0 0 Data centers have been around for a long time and are very important. Especially for me, as I sit here listening to Apple Music — which is streaming from an Apple data center. The backups, applications and widgets you use every day are all made possible because there is a data center somewhere that supports them. We have learned which processes and procedures work based on what does or doesn’t go well. We’re going to look at some different maintenance activities today, but we’ll also discuss data center outages to see what we can learn. Planned maintenance In the past, you had to make an appointment (usually late at night or on a weekend) to update things like firmware or operating systems. It’s important to note that this was a scheduled process and passed change control and change configuration. I prefer to avoid doing things the old way if possible! Preventive maintenance Preventive maintenance is a proactive activity. It could be installing more memory on a server or adding a server to a cluster. These tasks are often completed as a part of a planned data center maintenance period. Read the entire article here, The Zen of data center maintenance via the fine folks at Veeam Software Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email Follow @DABCC Follow @douglasabrown More Resources: You May Also Like: tags: Clustering Memory Categories: Applications Data Center previous How Do Printing Issues Affect HIPAA Compliance? next VMware 2017 Predictions: Careful Forward Steps With Eyes on the ‘Lone Nuts’ Veeam Veeam Software, a VMware Technology Alliance Premier partner, helps organizations safeguard their investment in virtual infrastructure by providing innovative systems management software designed to reduce costs, increase productivity and mitigate risk. Veeam is an international company with U.S. headquarters in Columbus, Ohio and European headquarters in London, UK. The company was founded in 2006 by the team previously behind Aelita Software, well known for its award-winning Windows Server management solutions. In 2008, Veeam acquired nworks, adding enterprise management connectors that bridge the gap between VMware virtual infrastructure and enterprise systems management tools from Hewlett-Packard and Microsoft. Veeam is rapidly expanding its presence and its partner network around the world, and will continue to offer innovative and practical solutions to help IT professionals better manage their virtual infrastructure. Today the company focuses on managing VMware servers, but as customer requirements grow, Veeam will support other virtual environments. With its drive for innovation, strong investment in R&D, and extensive product line, Veeam is well positioned for continued success. | LATEST RESOURCES White Papers Monitoring and Troubleshooting Citrix Logon Issues – White Paper The first time that a user interacts with the Citrix infrastructure is during logon. This also happens to be one of the most complex stages of a Citrix session. Citrix logon has several phases, involving Citrix apps, Microsoft operating systems, infrastructure components and third-party applications. Slow logons can affect the user experience and reduce user […] Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email read more steadyPRINT Quick Installation Guide – Printer Management for Virtual Desktop Environments VMware: Modernizing your Virtualization Platform – Free Trend Brief Simple and Granular Data Protection for Microsoft SQL Server White Paper What’s New in vSphere 6.5 White Paper Downloads Download AppEnsure Free Application Response Time And Throughput In Citrix XenApp and XenDesktop Download AppEnsure: Application Response Time And Throughput In Citrix XenApp and XenDesktop.  AppEnsure is a Citrix Startup Accelerator company! AppEnsure provides APM for IT Operations to proactively manage end-user experience. AppEnsure uniquely correlates the real end-user response time experience with the application-delivery infrastructure performance, providing contextual, actionable intelligence to reduce resolution time by 95% of […] Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email read more Download Wayk Now – Instant Remote Support and Remote Desktop – FREE! Download steadyPRINT – centralized printer administration, monitoring and reliability! Download Tricerat Simplify Profiles Download Extrasphere 2.0 – Tools for Managing VM Data in VMware vSphere Environments On-Demand Webinars Monitor Managing the End User Experience with GPU-Powered Insights – Citrix Ready On-Demand Webinar An On-Demand Citrix-Ready Webinar GPU technology improves Citrix virtual desktops and applications, but to truly deliver an immersive user experience that scales, organizations need to manage the complete GPU deployment lifecycle – from designing the infrastructure, to managing and optimizing a production environment, to responding to user issues dynamically, in real-time. eG Innovations in partnership with […] Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email read more AirWatch 9.0 Delivers New Capabilities for iOS and macOS – On-Demand Webinar Citrix ShareFile – New Features and Storage Flexibility How to automate your server environment with PowerShell management Mobile Device Management – Overcoming the challenges faced by your mobile enterprise – On-Demand Webinar View All White Papers >> View All Downloads >> View All On-Demand Webinars >> Latest Videos IGEL Technology Superhero Video Trailer In an IT-World where desktop management can become rapidly time consuming and inefficient, you’re facing the dawn of a dark management existence. In these times someone special is needed…. via the fine folks at IGEL Technology! Learn more: Download IGEL Universal Desktop Converter (UDC) IGEL Data Sheets IGEL Case Studies IGEL White Papers Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email read more Citrix Video: How To Use the Print Detective Tool Remote Server Management with Syskit Why you should attend VeeamON 2017 Video – by Mike Resseler All IT Resources Search for: Understanding Citrix Login Upcoming Webinars 17 Jan Be Proactive in 2017 Addressing Citrix End-User Complaints - Europe, Asia, Africa Webinar 4:00am – 5:00am This webinar, presented by AppEnsure's CTO - Sri Chaganty, focuses... 18 Jan Totally Awesome User Experience - Simplivity + Liquidware Labs Webinar 12:00pm – 1:00pm Part of the User Experience is ensuring users are happy,... 18 Jan New Innovations from Citrix and Atlantis for Simplifying Virtual Workspaces - Webinar 12:00pm – 1:00pm Are you wondering how you can finally simplify the deployment... 18 Jan CUGC User Share Webinar: NetScaler Automation - Talking NITRO with PowerShell 1:00pm – 2:00pm As deployments get complex and thousands of devices are being... 18 Jan Predictive Application Performance Monitoring with Login PI - Webinar 1:00pm – 2:00pm What if you could predict application performance problems before end-users... View all Upcoming Events >> NEW in VMware EUC! Trending Resources Citrix and Nutanix Partnership - Video Microsoft: How to Connect Raspberry Pi to Azure Storage Flexxible|SMB Cloud Launches at Citrix Summit to Simplify VDI, Office 365 Deployment for Small, Midsize Enterprises Microsoft & Citrix Citrix Unveils Roadmap to the Cloud and Secure Mobility for Partners and Customers at Citrix Summit (NASDAQ:CTXS) Worst backup practices of Veeam Backup & Replication VMware, Inc. - AL-MAWARID Bank Standardizes on VMware Software-Defined Data Center Innovations for Agile, Secure and Compliant Private Cloud Try Ericom AcccessNow HTML5 In Browser RDP Access - Easy to use and simple setup! Featured Resources IGEL Technology Superhero Video Trailer January 13, 2017 A Few Reasons Why VDI is the Way of the Future… January 13, 2017 How to Build an Executive Dashboard Your CIO Will Love January 13, 2017 Remote Server Management with Syskit January 13, 2017 Worst backup practices of Veeam Backup & Replication January 13, 2017 Be Proactive in 2017 Addressing Citrix End-User Complaints Webinar January 13, 2017 IT News on iPhone IT News on Android DABCC Radio on iTunes DABCC Radio on iPhone Copyright 1999-2017 DABCC, Inc. Mobile Apps About Contact Us Sitemap RSS Close Cloud Cloud Home Private Cloud Public Cloud Public Cloud Home Amazon Web Services (AWS) Microsoft Azure Hybrid Cloud Cloud Management Citrix Workspace Cloud VMTurbo Operations Manager Cloud Security All Cloud Resources Datacenter Data Center Home Backup, Recovery & DR All Backup & Recovery Resources Veeam Availability Suite All Disaster Recovery Resources Containers All Containers Resources Docker Databases Hyper-Converged Infrastructure All Hyper-Converged Infrastructure Resources Atlantis HyperScale Nutanix VMware EVO:Rail Management Management Home VMTurbo Operations Manager All Management Resources Monitoring Monitoring Home Acceleratio SysKit ControlUp eG Innovations Enterprise Goliath Performance Monitor ManageEngine Xangati All Monitoring Resources Networking Networking Home Citrix NetScaler Goliath for NetScaler All Networking Resources Open Source Security Server Virtualization All Server Virtualization Resources Citrix XenServer Microsoft Hyper-V VMware vSphere Storage Storage Home DataCore SoftNAS All Storage All Data Center Resources Desktop Desktop Home Applications All Applications Resources Citrix XenApp Microsoft App-V Microsoft RemoteApp VMware App Volumes VMware ThinApp Collaboration Consumerization of IT Desktop Virtualization (VDI) All VDI Resources Citrix XenDesktop Dell Wyse vWorkspace Microsoft Remote Desktop Services VMware Workspace ONE VMware Horizon View Development News User Management User Management Home Liquidware Labs ProfileUnity AppSense DesktopNow All User Management Resources 3D Graphics Printing Citrix Related Virtual Desktops VMware Virtual Desktops Microsoft Virtual Desktops All Desktop Resources Mobility Mobile Home Enterprise Mobility Management (EMM) All EMM Resources VMware AirWatch Citrix XenMobile Internet of Things Mobile Productivity Mobile Security Smartphones Smartwatches Tablets All Mobile Resources Resources Citrix Ready Podcasts with Douglas Brown DABCC Radio Podcasts DABCC TV Video Podcasts Infographics On-Demand Webinars and Webcasts Software Downloads VMware EUC On-Demand 2016 White Papers Events Search DABCC Mobile Apps Books LittleMsMobile.com – Mobility News Top IT Videos Share this video Never miss the news... Get IT Community Resources straight to your inbox! Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Share Tweet What's the best smartphone? The best phones you can buy in the UK PC Advisor Phones Smartphone reviews Best smartphones Smartphone tips Smartphone buying advice Smartphone deals Laptops Laptops reviews Laptops tips Best laptops Laptops buying advice Tablets Tablet reviews Best tablets Tablet tips Tablets buying advice Deals Reviews Smartphones Laptops Tablets PCs Software Apps Printers Storage Devices Wearable Tech Digital Home Wi-Fi and Networking Games consoles Tech accessories Audio Displays Graphics cards Cameras Computer Mice and Keyboards How To Windows Security Apple Android Smartphones Tablets Software Laptops Broadband Gadgets Games Smart Home Audio Photo & Video Printing Components Desktop PCs Peripherals PC Upgrades Linux Business Enterprise Social Networks Tech Industry Internet 3D Storage Downloads Windows downloads Mac downloads Linux downloads iPad & iPhone downloads Android downloads Windows Mobile downloads Audio, Video & Photo downloads Backup & Recovery downloads Design & Illustration downloads Developer & Programming downloads Disc Burning downloads Finance & Accounts downloads Games downloads Hobbies & Home Entertainment downloads Internet Tools downloads Kids & Education downloads Networking Tools downloads Office & Business downloads Operating Systems & Distros downloads Portable Applications downloads Security downloads Social Networking downloads System & Desktop Tools downloads Forums Tech Helproom Windows Help Digital Home & Smartphones Help Consumer Rights Advice Apple Help Games Speakers Corner Beta Testing All All News Reviews How-Tos Opinions Downloads Forums Search PC Advisor Reviews How to Group Tests Features Buying Advice New Products Deals Forums Advisors Games Entertainment Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Hot Topics Nintendo Switch review Galaxy S8 HTC U Nokia Android phone Mi Mix review WhatsApp scam Latest Tech Deals » Home Test Centre Smartphones Test Centre What's the best phone? | 20 best phones 2017 UK What's the best phone? | 20 best phones 2017 UK: Best smartphone reviews including best Android phones, iPhones and unlocked or SIM-free smartphones - best mobile phone reviews What's the best phone? | 20 best phones 2017 UK What's the best phone? The best smartphone is the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge, but there are 19 other best mobile phones in our round-up of the best phones 2017. We reveal the best Android phones, best iPhones and best Windows phones. Best phone reviews. There are so many phones out there, but you can have only one. We help you find the best smartphone for you By Chris Martin | 09 Jan 17 Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on PC Advisor and thought you should see it too. Comments What is the best phone? Best phone RRP Key specifications Samsung Galaxy S7 edge £639 Android 6.0 Marshmallow, Exynos 8890, 4GB RAM, 32GB storage, 5.5in Quad-HD, 3600mAh Samsung Galaxy S7 £569 Android 6.0 Marshmallow, Exynos 8890, 4GB RAM, 32GB storage, 5.1in Quad-HD, 3000mAh LG G5 £529 Android 6.0 Marshmallow, Snapdragon 820, 4GB RAM, 32GB storage, 5.3in Quad-HD, 2800mAh Jump straight to our full best phones chart  We help you choose your new smartphone with our guide to the 20 best phones you can buy in the UK in 2017. We round up the best smartphones including best Android phones and best iPhones - best phone reviews. Also see: Best new phones coming in 2017. Also see: Best Phone Deals When we review smartphones we take into account their build quality and design, ease of use, features, performance and value, although the latter isn’t always such a big deal when it comes to a phone you are most likely to buy on a contract. Generally speaking a flagship phone will cost between £500- and £600, or between £40- and £50 per month on a contract. If you are buying SIM-free then you should also check out our best SIM-only deals. Value becomes more important when you consider older-generation phones. For example, we still think the Samsung Galaxy S6 is better than many of the phones in this chart, especially when you consider that it’s now available under £400 SIM-free. However, we move all older-generation smartphones to our best mid-range phones chart, and you’ll now find the Galaxy S7 and S7 edge sitting at the top of this best phones chart. We also have a best budget phones round-up if you're looking to minimise costs. Also see: Best kids' phones 2017 Note that we have removed the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 from our chart due to Samsung's discontinuation of it following battery problems. Best phone 2017: Android vs iOS vs Windows There are multiple mobile phone operating systems, but really only two worth talking about: Android and iOS. Windows phones account for around 1 percent of all phones sold, so it makes more sense to go with Android or an iPhone. If you do have your heart set on Windows, also see our list of the best Windows phones 2017. (Similarly, for purely Android choices see Best Android phones.) The vast majority of phones available run the Android operating system, with Marshmallow the latest version. While Apple’s iOS platform has a much lower market share, developers always release their apps on iOS so it has one of the best app stores you'll find. For more, see Android vs iPhone. Also, for a more in-depth look at each OS see our Android Marshmallow review, iOS 10 review and Windows 10 Mobile review. If you have an Android phone or and iPhone and want to move to the other type of phone, it's fair easy move your contacts and other data from one to the other. See How to move from Android to iPhone and How to move from iPhone to Android. What you can't move is paid-for apps, so keep this in mind if you're considering a change of platform. Content continues below Best phone 2017: Why you should buy an unlocked phone An unlocked phone is one which is not tied to any particular mobile operator, such as Vodafone or EE. Buying unlocked usually means buying the phone outright without a SIM. The most important point is that an unlocked phone is almost always a better deal than buying a phone on contract. The only real exception to this are Apple's iPhones - because of their traditional popularity, operators do often subsidise the cost of buying an iPhone in order to lock you into a lucrative long-term deal. Generally speaking, however, if you can afford the upfront cost of the handset, you will pay less over the life of your phone by buying unlocked.  More importantly, you are not locked in. If you want a new handset at any time, you can buy one without having to up-purchase your way out of a contract, or commit to another two years.  SIM-free vs unlocked One thing to be sure of when purchasing an unlocked or 'SIM-free' phone is that not all SIM-free handsets are unlocked. The excellent Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 is a classic example of this. It is SIM-free, but if you want to use it for any network other than Vodafone you have to first use it for a month with a Voda SIM, and then pay £20 to get it unlocked. EE's own branded phones are similar. In both cases it may well still be better to buy network branded phones and go through the pain of getting them unlocked, than to buy on contract. But you should do your research before you take the plunge. We can help with that with our feature: 'How to unlock any phone'. The right SIM One other thing to consider is the size and shape of the SIM required for your phone. Make sure you get a nano-SIM if a nano-SIM is what your phone requires. If you get that wrong it is easily solvable - every network will gladly send over a different-sized SIM. SIM cards tend to come in all three sizes - you simply pop out the one you need. But that's assuming you are getting a new SIM, and if you're looking for a SIM-free phone or unlocked phone you probably already have one. You can buy adaptors that let you fit a Nano-SIM or Micro-SIM in a Micro-SIM or full-size SIM slot for a very small charge. More important is to make sure that if you want 4G you get a 4G-enabled phone and SIM. Best phone 2017: Smartphone material poll 20 best phones 2017 UK: Reviews Every single phone in our top 20 is here because we think it is an excellent device, with which few people will be disappointed. All are plenty fast for general tasks and gaming (see our benchmark results in What's the fastest phone?), have nice screens and decent photography capabilities. However, subtle differences mark them out in a fiercely competitive market. You can read the full, in-depth review of each of the 20 reviews below by clicking on the link. 1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Rating: Reviewed on: 12 January 17 RRP: £639 inc VAT Compare: all Samsung Galaxy S7 edge deals The Galaxy S7 edge is no longer the semi-gimmick it was before. Although some of the main features are things from the Galaxy S5 – Micro-SD and waterproofing – Samsung has given fans what they want. It's now a refined, sophisticated and highly desirable piece of technology. The battery isn't removable but the phone lasts longer than before and has seriously powerful specs under the hood. It has almost everything you could want from a phone even though the IR blaster is gone. We're also very impressed with the new camera and unless the screen is too big for you (despite some software features to help out) we think it's worth getting the S7 edge for the extra £70 with its gorgeous looks and extra functionality. Right now, this is the best smartphone money can buy. Read our Samsung Galaxy S7 edge review. 2. Samsung Galaxy S7 Rating: Reviewed on: 12 January 17 RRP: £569 inc VAT Compare: all Samsung Galaxy S7 deals The Samsung Galaxy S6 was the best phone of 2015 and, although it’s still early days, the Galaxy S7 is a serious contender for best phone of 2016. Samsung has taken into account what its fans want, addressing the three main areas of concern: removable storage, waterproofing and battery life. It’s also upgraded the core hardware and photography gear, added an always-on display and some useful software. Right now the Galaxy S7 is simply unbeatable. Read our Samsung Galaxy S7 review. 3. LG G5 Rating: Reviewed on: 5 May 16 RRP: £529 inc VAT Compare: all LG G5 deals The LG G5 is one of the most radical phones to come along in a while and we’re glad the firm has shaken things up with the modular design. The G5 is innovative and interesting with unique features but it’s a shame the design and build feels unfinished in areas. It’s a top-notch device which can hold its own with the best phones in performance and cameras, but it’s LG’s modular design which is the real selling point here. There is bags of potential but the future of this is unclear so it’s hard to be definite right now. The G5 is one of the best phones around but for completely different reasons to the Galaxy S7. Read our LG G5 review. 4. Apple iPhone 7 Rating: Reviewed on: 4 October 16 RRP: £599 (32GB), £699 (128GB), £799 (256GB)  The iPhone 7 is an evolution of the 6S, so if you were expecting a revolution you’ll probably be slightly disappointed. However, aside from the underwhelming battery life, it is an excellent phone. It’s waterproof, has fantastic cameras and performance, and the new stereo speakers sound great. There’s now 32GB of storage as a minimum, which helps to mitigate the higher prices. If you have an iPhone 6s, it’s hard to justify upgrading (even for some people with a 6) but if you’re out of contract and want a small phone, it’s the best Apple has made yet. Read our Apple iPhone 7 review. 5. OnePlus 3T Rating: Reviewed on: 4 January 17 RRP: From £399 Buy from OnePlus The OnePlus 3T will be unfairly compared, for now at least, to the phone that came before it. So let’s ignore it. On its own, the OnePlus 3T is everything a modern smartphone should be; slim, fast, and responsive, with above average battery life and cameras that produce stunning images. And then there’s the price. OnePlus may not like being known for it, but £399 remains an absolutely amazing price point for the phone on offer. As long as you don’t want an iPhone, this Android handset stands side by side with the Samsung Galaxy S7 as the best example of a smartphone on the market today – once we’ve all got over that it came a little sooner than we had expected. Read our OnePlus 3T review. 6. Xiaomi Mi5s Rating: Reviewed on: 29 November 16 RRP: £282.75 inc. VAT Buy from GearBest We cannot recommend the Xiaomi Mi5s enough. This is the smartphone every 2016 flagship wanted to be, and it comes with a price tag half that of theirs. Fantastic build quality, fantastic performance, fantastic storage, battery and connectivity options - the Xiaomi Mi5s gets a big thumbs-up from us. Read our Xiaomi Mi5s review. 7. Google Pixel Rating: Reviewed on: 9 December 16 RRP: £599 inc VAT The Pixel has plenty going for it: it’s small, well built, speedy and has excellent cameras. It also supports Google’s Daydream VR headset and runs the plain version of Android 7 – complete with Google Assistant - and will get timely updates. But it isn’t waterproof, doesn’t have a microSD slot or stereo speakers and we’d have preferred a quad-HD screen for VR use at this price. If those downsides don’t bother you, and the OnePlus 3T is too large, then the Pixel is a fine choice and a great Android phone. Read our Google Pixel review. 8. Apple iPhone 7 Plus Rating: Reviewed on: 19 October 16 RRP: £719 (32GB); £819 (128GB); £919 (256GB)   The iPhone 7 Plus is an excellent phone. It’s Apple’s best yet, but it is also Apple’s most expensive yet, with a huge starting price. In some respects, the upgrades seem to justify this, but at the same time some features are arguably only catching up with what the competition has been offering for a while now – water-resistance for one. Taken as a whole, the performance, battery life, camera quality and stereo speakers are all compelling reasons to upgrade. But our advice remains much the same as for the iPhone 7: if you already own the previous generation, there’s not enough here to justify ditching a 6S Plus, especially if you’re halfway through a two-year contract. Those just coming out of contract on the iPhone 6 or 6 Plus would do well to grab a 7 Plus.   Read our Apple iPhone 7 Plus review. 9. Google Nexus 6P Rating: Reviewed on: 28 April 16 RRP: From £449 inc VAT Originally, Nexus phones stood out for being excellent value at a price that was low, but not the lowest. They weren't an alternative to flagship phones, but they had the advantage of running stock Android and getting the next version more quickly. The 6P, though, is not only a flagship, but is arguably the best Android phone to buy at the moment. It won't suit everyone due to its size, nor those looking for a phone with dual-SIM slots or a removable battery. There's no support for wireless charging either. But the excellent screen, front-firing speakers, quick charging, great cameras, speedy performance and Android Marshmallow add up to make this a phone that's a pleasure to use. And yes, it's also cheaper than its rivals, so unless you think it's worth shelling out extra on the Note 5, Galaxy S6 Edge+ or iPhone 6S Plus, the Nexus 6P is the one to buy. Read our Google Nexus 6P review. 10. HTC 10 Rating: Reviewed on: 9 May 16 RRP: £569 inc. VAT There's a lot to like with the new HTC 10 including a number of hardware upgrades across screen, camera and audio, plus a Nexus-like stock Android experience. However, we're not totally sold on the design and it's tough at the top these days. While the HTC 10 is a solidly good phone and a respectible upgrade for M9 owners, it doesn't blow the competition out of the water. The features which appeal the most are more niche than mass market. Read our HTC 10 review. 11. Xiaomi Mi Note 2 Rating: Reviewed on: 8 December 16 RRP: £472.99 Buy from GearBest The Mi Note 2 was wrongly overshadowed at its launch. This is a gorgeous big-screen Android phone with very decent performance, a great camera and plenty of storage. We'd like to see a Quad-HD screen on Xiaomi's flagship phone, but this one should prove plenty sharp and clear. Google apps are not preinstalled, but there is a workaround if you are happy to do some tweaking. Read our Xiaomi Mi Note 2 review. 12. Huawei P9 Rating: Reviewed on: 27 April 16 RRP: £449 When comparing the P9 to other flagships, it’s important to remember the £449 price which makes it considerably cheaper than many of its rivals (but not the identically priced Nexus 6P that's also made by Huawei). Overall, we're impressed with the phone: it's well built, feels good and looks good. The cameras aren't the absolute best out there, it doesn't top the charts in game tests and the screen isn't Quad HD, but these minor quibbles are outweighed not only by the price but also because, unlike the Nexus, the P9 lets you stick in a microSD card to expand the storage. If you can afford it, the Galaxy S7 is a better phone overall, but this is a great choice if you can't. Read our Huawei P9 review. 13. iPhone 6s Plus Rating: Reviewed on: 9 September 16 RRP: From £619 inc VAT The iPhone 6S Plus is a remarkable phone, and it's still a fantastic phone 12 months on. The 16GB model has finally been banished and the new minimum storage of 32GB should be workable for a lot of people. 3D Touch can sound gimmicky, but it’s absolutely not. It requires effort to force yourself to use it to begin with, but it quickly becomes second nature and app developers have put it to use in apps and games. Read our iPhone 6s Plus review. 14. Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Rating: Reviewed on: 15 October 15 RRP: £484.99 Buy from Samsung So, what do we think of the Galaxy Note 5? We’re very fond of just about every aspect of the Galaxy Note 5, from its curved and sleek design to its vibrant display and high-resolution camera. It can handle almost anything you can throw at it thanks to its CPU, GPU and 4GB of RAM and we experienced no lag during our testing. The only bad point is that the Note 5 would sometimes falsely detect the S Pen detaching – and to point out such a minor fault says a lot about the quality of the handset. With this being said, we’re both surprised and sad that the Galaxy Note 5 won’t be heading to UK shores any time soon. Read our Samsung Galaxy Note 5 review. 15. iPhone 6S Rating: Reviewed on: 9 September 16 RRP: From £539 We're really impressed by the iPhone 6s. It's fast, has a great screen and a good main camera. It misses out on some of the 6s Plus's features, including optical stabilisation, but most people won't really notice. In short, the iPhone 6s is a great phone, and it's even better now it's cheaper and the base model has 32GB of storage. Read our iPhone 6S review. 16. Honor 8 Rating: Reviewed on: 5 September 16 RRP: £369.99 inc VAT The Honor 8 is a fantastic smartphone, but the price has gone up from the Honor 7. In return for the additional expense you get a fantastic dual-camera, a sleek and stylish design, a faster fingerprint sensor and a beautiful display, which combined make the Honor 8 a worthy competitor to the OnePlus 3. Read our Honor 8 review. 17. Google Pixel XL Rating: Reviewed on: 24 October 16 RRP: £719 (32GB) £819 (128GB) While the Pixel XL is an attractive phone (if you can get used to the glass section) with decent combination of hardware and software, we can't help but feel a bit disappointed. It's very similar to the much cheaper Nexus 6P and OnePlus 3. You can get plenty of other Android phones for less which have extra features like waterproofing and expandable storage. Sorry Google, but things have gone a bit wrong here. Read our Google Pixel XL review. 18. Sony Xperia XZ Rating: Reviewed on: 31 October 16 RRP: £539 inc VAT The Xperia XZ is an attractive phone in design if you can get on with the angular style and while it's cheaper than rivals such as the iPhone 7 and Google Pixel, you can get better value with some older phones like the Samsung Galaxy S7. While the hardware is decent, we can't help but mention the very similar Xperia Z5 will save you a lot of money. Read our Sony Xperia XZ review. 19. iPhone SE Rating: Reviewed on: 11 April 16 RRP: £379 inc VAT (16GB); £429 inc VAT (64GB) Buy from Apple The SE is what many iPhone fans have been asking for, and it's a great upgrade if you're still using an iPhone 5. For 5S owners, things aren't quite as clear cut. If you're not happy with the 5S's performance, the SE should solve that problem. However, unless you really want to shoot 4K videos, you're not going to notice a massive improvement in photo quality. There's a much bigger jump in quality if you're coming from an iPhone 5 (or earlier), however. Make sure 16GB is enough before you order: we'd recommend the 64GB version for most people. Read our iPhone SE review. 20. Motorola Moto G4 (2016) Rating: Reviewed on: 18 November 16 RRP: £169 Although the new Moto G4 is more expensive than the third-generation, Motorola is offering a Full HD screen, better processor, more storage and memory. Not everyone will enjoy the jump to 5.5in or the lack of full waterproofing but this is still a brilliant phone for under £200. Just bear in mind that the 3rd-gen Moto G is now a great buy at £149 and the Vodafone Smart Ultra 6 offers similar specs for just £125 (albeit SIM-locked). Read our Motorola Moto G4 (2016) review. Tags: Smartphones, Gadgets, Christmas Buying Guide 2016, Android Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on PC Advisor and thought you should see it too. Comments Comments Nintendo Switch review: Hands on with the intuitive modular console and its disappointing games… 1995-2015: How technology has changed the world in 20 years Here's what should be coming to Adobe Project Felix in 2017 Best iMovie for Mac tips 2017 | How to edit video with iMovie: 26 brilliant video editing tricks… SPONSORED LINKS Synology invites you to visit them at Insomnia on 26th – 29th August. Book your tickets now and visit Synology. Tech Reviews Tech News Tech How To Best Tech Reviews Tech Buying Advice Laptop Reviews PC Reviews Printer Reviews Smartphone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearables Reviews Storage Reviews Antivirus Reviews Latest Deals Forums Magazine UK Tech Weekly Podcast: Soundcloud / iTunes Advertising & Partnerships Advisors Android Advisor Apple Advisor Blackberry Advisor Broadband Advisor Business Advisor Chrome Advisor Laptops Advisor Photo & Video Advisor Printing Advisor Security Advisor Smart Home Advisor Smartphones Advisor Storage Advisor Tablets Advisor Windows Advisor About Contact Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies Follow PC Advisor on Twitter Follow PC Advisor on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
Share Tweet These are the best waterproof phones you can buy right now PC Advisor Phones Smartphone reviews Best smartphones Smartphone tips Smartphone buying advice Smartphone deals Laptops Laptops reviews Laptops tips Best laptops Laptops buying advice Tablets Tablet reviews Best tablets Tablet tips Tablets buying advice Deals Reviews Smartphones Laptops Tablets PCs Software Apps Printers Storage Devices Wearable Tech Digital Home Wi-Fi and Networking Games consoles Tech accessories Audio Displays Graphics cards Cameras Computer Mice and Keyboards How To Windows Security Apple Android Smartphones Tablets Software Laptops Broadband Gadgets Games Smart Home Audio Photo & Video Printing Components Desktop PCs Peripherals PC Upgrades Linux Business Enterprise Social Networks Tech Industry Internet 3D Storage Downloads Windows downloads Mac downloads Linux downloads iPad & iPhone downloads Android downloads Windows Mobile downloads Audio, Video & Photo downloads Backup & Recovery downloads Design & Illustration downloads Developer & Programming downloads Disc Burning downloads Finance & Accounts downloads Games downloads Hobbies & Home Entertainment downloads Internet Tools downloads Kids & Education downloads Networking Tools downloads Office & Business downloads Operating Systems & Distros downloads Portable Applications downloads Security downloads Social Networking downloads System & Desktop Tools downloads Forums Tech Helproom Windows Help Digital Home & Smartphones Help Consumer Rights Advice Apple Help Games Speakers Corner Beta Testing All All News Reviews How-Tos Opinions Downloads Forums Search PC Advisor Reviews How to Group Tests Features Buying Advice New Products Deals Forums Advisors Games Entertainment Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Hot Topics Nintendo Switch review Galaxy S8 HTC U Nokia Android phone Mi Mix review WhatsApp scam Latest Tech Deals » Home Test Centre Smartphones Test Centre Best waterproof phones 2017 UK | Best IP68 phones: IP ratings explained Best waterproof phones 2017 UK | Best IP68 phones: 8 splash-friendly smartphones and IP ratings explained - best waterproof phone reviews Best waterproof phones 2017 UK | Best IP68 phones: IP ratings explained Waterproof phones are becoming more popular, which is great news for the most clumsy among us. We explain what IP ratings mean and point out some of the best waterproof phones from Samsung, Sony and Apple. Waterpoof phones are great for the accident prone and watching TV in the bath By Chris Martin | 09 Jan 17 Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on PC Advisor and thought you should see it too. Comments What's the best waterproof phone? Best waterproof phone RRP Key specifications Samsung Galaxy S7 edge £639 Android 6.0 Marshmallow, Exynos 8890, 4GB RAM, 32GB storage, 5.5in Quad-HD, 3600mAh Samsung Galaxy S7 £569 Android 6.0 Marshmallow, Exynos 8890, 4GB RAM, 32GB storage, 5.1in Quad-HD, 3000mAh Apple iPhone 7 £599 iOS 10, Apple A10 Fusion, 2GB RAM, 32/128/256GB storage, 4.7in Retina, 1960mAh Jump straight to our full best waterproof phones chart Having a waterproof phone is handy for a lot of different reasons but it can be hard to know which handsets offer this and what the levels of protection mean. You can't always get a waterproof case for your handset so here are the best waterproof phones of 2017. Also see: Best phones of 2017. Also see: Best Phone Deals If you're accident prone (or simply if you want to give your phone to a child without worrying they will drop it down the toilet or throw it into a pond) then a waterproof phone is a great purchase. It also means you can do some more luxury things like watch TV in the bath or take photos underwater. Also see: Best kids' phones 2017. Most Sony phones are waterproof unless you're buying lower tier devices and you can also get waterproof Samsung phones and even iPhones. Sadly the new Google Pixel phones are only splash-proof so don't make it into this list. HTC has finally launched a waterproof phone, the 10 Evo, so we'll add that once we've given it a full review. The problem is that not all waterproof phones are created equal and different devices will offer different levels of protection. Some will be simply 'splash proof' while others can be fully dunked in water and continue to work. Because of this, we've explained the IP rating system which is used for electronics which feature dust and water protection. This chart only includes phones we've reviewed and aren't too old. Read: Best new phones coming in 2017. IP ratings explained: What is IP68? For starters, let's take a look at what an IP rating is and what the numbers mean. IP stands for 'Ingress Protection' and is used to define the sealing effectiveness of electrical enclosures against intrusion from foreign bodies and moisture. The first number refers to how the device sealed against solid particles like dust; the highest you can get is '6' meaning total protection. The second digit is for water protection and the best you'll see on most is '8', going by the original IEC standard 60529 (6K and 9K are not part of this). It's worth noting that ratings water ingress are not cumulative beyond 6, so a device with a rating of 7 doesn't have to compliant with the water jet element of 5 and 6. If an IP rating has an X in it, don't misinterpret this as the device having no protection. It's likely to have good protection for particles if it's IPX6, but the rating has not been formally allocated. Here's a full listing for particles and water: Content continues below Dust •    0 – No protection. •    1 – >50 mm, any large surface of the body, such as the back of a hand. •    2 – >12.5 mm, fingers or similar objects. •    3 – >2.5 mm, tools, thick wires, etc. •    4 – >1 mm, most wires, slender screws, large ants etc. •    5 – Dust protected, Ingress of dust is not entirely prevented. •    6 – Dust tight, No ingress of dust; complete protection against contact. A vacuum must be applied. Test duration of up to 8 hours based on air flow. Water •    0 – No protection. •    1 – Dripping water shall have no harmful effect. •    2 – Vertically dripping water shall have no harmful effect with enclosure is tilted at 15°. •    3 – Water falling as a spray at any angle up to 60° from the vertical. •    4 – Water splashing against the enclosure from any direction. •    5 – Water projected by a nozzle (6.3mm) against enclosure from any direction.  •    6 – Water projected in powerful jets (12.5mm nozzle) from any direction. •    6K – Powerful water jets with increased pressure. •    7 – Immersion, up to 1m depth for up to 30 minutes. •    8 – Immersion, 1m or more depth (exact details vary). •    9K – Powerful high temperature water jets. Best waterproof phone reviews 1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Rating: Reviewed on: 12 January 17 RRP: £639 inc VAT Compare: all Samsung Galaxy S7 edge deals The Galaxy S7 edge is no longer the semi-gimmick it was before. Although some of the main features are things from the Galaxy S5 – Micro-SD and waterproofing – Samsung has given fans what they want. It's now a refined, sophisticated and highly desirable piece of technology. The battery isn't removable but the phone lasts longer than before and has seriously powerful specs under the hood. It has almost everything you could want from a phone even though the IR blaster is gone. We're also very impressed with the new camera and unless the screen is too big for you (despite some software features to help out) we think it's worth getting the S7 edge for the extra £70 with its gorgeous looks and extra functionality. Right now, this is the best smartphone money can buy. Read our Samsung Galaxy S7 edge review. 2. Samsung Galaxy S7 Rating: Reviewed on: 12 January 17 RRP: £569 inc VAT Compare: all Samsung Galaxy S7 deals The Samsung Galaxy S6 was the best phone of 2015 and, although it’s still early days, the Galaxy S7 is a serious contender for best phone of 2016. Samsung has taken into account what its fans want, addressing the three main areas of concern: removable storage, waterproofing and battery life. It’s also upgraded the core hardware and photography gear, added an always-on display and some useful software. Right now the Galaxy S7 is simply unbeatable. Read our Samsung Galaxy S7 review. 3. Apple iPhone 7 Rating: Reviewed on: 4 October 16 RRP: £599 (32GB), £699 (128GB), £799 (256GB)  The iPhone 7 is an evolution of the 6S, so if you were expecting a revolution you’ll probably be slightly disappointed. However, aside from the underwhelming battery life, it is an excellent phone. It’s waterproof, has fantastic cameras and performance, and the new stereo speakers sound great. There’s now 32GB of storage as a minimum, which helps to mitigate the higher prices. If you have an iPhone 6s, it’s hard to justify upgrading (even for some people with a 6) but if you’re out of contract and want a small phone, it’s the best Apple has made yet. Read our Apple iPhone 7 review. 4. Sony Xperia XZ Rating: Reviewed on: 31 October 16 RRP: £539 inc VAT The Xperia XZ is an attractive phone in design if you can get on with the angular style and while it's cheaper than rivals such as the iPhone 7 and Google Pixel, you can get better value with some older phones like the Samsung Galaxy S7. While the hardware is decent, we can't help but mention the very similar Xperia Z5 will save you a lot of money. Read our Sony Xperia XZ review. 5. Sony Xperia Z5 Rating: Reviewed on: 29 April 16 RRP: £549 inc VAT There's no doubt that the Xperia Z5 is a solid flagship smartphone from Sony and an improvement on the Z3+. We certainly like the new frosted glass rear cover and the addition of a fingerprint scanner in that slim power button. The camera isn't great compared to the best phone cameras out there though, and you can get a better phone for similar money. The price has dropped, and it's now a decent-value waterproof flagship with a Micro-SD card slot. However, you can't use it underwater, and there are newer rivals which are better value, take better photos and have better performance. Read our Sony Xperia Z5 review. 6. Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Rating: Reviewed on: 22 October 15 RRP: £429 inc VAT The Xperia Z5 Compact is the best small phone around, but then there's not much competition in this area anymore and there are a number of phones offering decent specs for a lot less. Those looking for Z5 design and specs in a smaller frame will be pleased but it's a shame about the chunky design with the sharp edges. The fingerprint scanner is a great addition and the Snapdragon 810 with almost stock Android provides slick performance. However, the camera isn't as good as Sony makes it out to be. Read our Sony Xperia Z5 Compact review. 7. Motorola Moto G (3rd gen) Rating: Reviewed on: 18 May 16 RRP: From £149 inc VAT With various upgrades including a waterproof design, great cameras and stock Android, the new Moto G 2015 is a great affordable phone. The device is still a bit chunky and it's a shame to see the stereo speakers gone. It's worth opting for the model with 16GB of storage and 2GB of RAM. Now with a price cut to £149, the Moto G 3rd-gen is the best budget phone you can buy. Read our Motorola Moto G (3rd gen) review. 8. Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Rating: Reviewed on: 30 July 15 RRP: £230 The mid-range smartphone market is always tricky, especially with budget devices getting so good. If you are looking for something around this price, the Sony Xperia M4 Aqua is a solid choice although the Honor 6 is worth a look for extra features. It offers flagship-like design, a great camera and a user-friendly Android Lollipop. Read our Sony Xperia M4 Aqua review. 9. HTC 10 Evo Reviewed on: 22 November 16 RRP: £0 inc. VAT Although HTC hasn't confirmed the price yet, it says the 10 Evo will be the best in its class - of £450 to £500 phones. However, that conveniently ignores cheaper phones such as the OnePlus 3 which has a faster processor, more RAM and more storage, and it certainly makes the newcomer appear overpriced even considering its IP57 rating and its clever headphones. However, we'll update this with a definitive conclusion once we've spent more time with the phone. Read our HTC 10 Evo review. Tags: Smartphones, Gadgets, Apple, Android Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on PC Advisor and thought you should see it too. Comments Comments Nintendo Switch review: Hands on with the intuitive modular console and its disappointing games… 1995-2015: How technology has changed the world in 20 years Here's what should be coming to Adobe Project Felix in 2017 Best iMovie for Mac tips 2017 | How to edit video with iMovie: 26 brilliant video editing tricks… SPONSORED LINKS Synology invites you to visit them at Insomnia on 26th – 29th August. Book your tickets now and visit Synology. Tech Reviews Tech News Tech How To Best Tech Reviews Tech Buying Advice Laptop Reviews PC Reviews Printer Reviews Smartphone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearables Reviews Storage Reviews Antivirus Reviews Latest Deals Forums Magazine UK Tech Weekly Podcast: Soundcloud / iTunes Advertising & Partnerships Advisors Android Advisor Apple Advisor Blackberry Advisor Broadband Advisor Business Advisor Chrome Advisor Laptops Advisor Photo & Video Advisor Printing Advisor Security Advisor Smart Home Advisor Smartphones Advisor Storage Advisor Tablets Advisor Windows Advisor About Contact Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies Follow PC Advisor on Twitter Follow PC Advisor on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives Cartel member sentenced for mutilating man ‘SNL': Alec Baldwin does Trump’s first press conference A Texas teen is seen pumping gas, then he vanishes New England Patriots atop list of evilest of Evil Empires Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History SpongeBob scores salty legal victory against Houston-based Katy man dies in crash while transporting rescue dogs to Colorado Ex-Astros pitcher turned author auctioning materials Students identified as vandals behind pro-Trump graffiti on Rice US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos This creepy genealogy site knows a lot about you Roughly $830K worth in narcotics discovered in spare tire at How the US Army plans to stay current in the new year Researchers find city of 'Monkey God,' nearly lose faces Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Super Bowl LI NFL: Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Rockets return to winning ways with rout of Nets Clutch Aaron Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys Rockets don't plan to rest during busy week Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Buzzfeed dubs Whataburger better than In-N-Out, Shake Shack Logistics firm bringing 200 jobs to Houston Real estate in brief People in Business A&E Preview Preview Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Guides to Houston Restaurants & Bars Music Movies Arts & Theater Rolling Stone Us Weekly Radar Online Horoscopes Books Comics & Games Events & Things To Do NEW: Puzzles Miss America 2017 hopefuls boast their talents, charity work Ex-Eagles member Don Henley performs at Sugar Land's Smart The Worst Movies of All Time Mayor Sylvester Turner capitalizing on Super Bowl fanfare to Life Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Style Mom Houston Luxe Life Houston Belief Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Society Travel Travel Flight Tracker Texas Road Trips Travel Pets Houston Gives Weddings & Celebrations Sponsored Content The most beautiful places in all 50 states Socialites fete Louis Vuitton for UNICEF From pancakes to chili cheese dogs: Each state's favorite Video: Florida dog riding on top of crate on freeway sparks Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News Heidi's Cars Blog New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate New Homes Second Homes Home Price Survey Mortgages Commercial Real Estate Farms & Ranches Senior Living Chron Homes App Private Party Ads Summer Showcase My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/business/technology/article/The-iPhone-turns-10-years-old-10844622.php 10 years ago the Apple iPhone was born and revolutionized smartphones By Craig Hlavaty Published 9:32 am, Monday, January 9, 2017 Photo: Paul Sakuma Image 1of/21 Caption Close Image 1 of 21 In this Jan. 9, 2007 file photo, Apple CEO Steve Jobs holds up an Apple iPhone at the MacWorld Conference in San Francisco.  In this Jan. 9, 2007 file photo, Apple CEO Steve Jobs holds up an Apple iPhone at the MacWorld Conference in San Francisco.  Photo: Paul Sakuma Image 2 of 21 Apple CEO Steve Jobs holds up the new iPhone that was introduced at Macworld on January 9, 2007 in San Francisco, California. Jobs, 56, passed away October 5, 2011 after a long battle with pancreatic cancer. Jobs co-founded Apple in 1976 and is credited, along with Steve Wozniak, with marketing the world's first personal computer in addition to the popular iPod, iPhone and iPad.  less Apple CEO Steve Jobs holds up the new iPhone that was introduced at Macworld on January 9, 2007 in San Francisco, California. Jobs, 56, passed away October 5, 2011 after a long battle with pancreatic cancer. ... more Photo: David Paul Morris, Stringer Image 3 of 21 Apple chief executive Steve Jobs unveils a new mobile phone that can also be used as a digital music player and a camera, a long-anticipated device dubbed an "iPhone." at the Macworld Conference 09 January, 2007 in San Francisco, California. The "iPhone" will be ultra-slim -- less than half-an-inch (1.3 centimeters) thick -- boasting a phone, Internet capability and an MP3 player as well as featuring a two megapixel digital camera, Jobs said.  less Apple chief executive Steve Jobs unveils a new mobile phone that can also be used as a digital music player and a camera, a long-anticipated device dubbed an "iPhone." at the Macworld Conference 09 January, ... more Photo: AFP, AFP/Getty Images Image 4 of 21 >>KEEP CLICKING TO TAKE A LOOK AT ALL THE IPHONE MODELS, PAST AND PRESENT The iPhone 5, left, compared to the larger iPhone 6. less >>KEEP CLICKING TO TAKE A LOOK AT ALL THE IPHONE MODELS, PAST AND PRESENT The iPhone 5, left, compared to the larger iPhone 6. ... more Image 5 of 21 From left, the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, Samsung Galaxy S5. From left, the iPhone 5, iPhone 6, Samsung Galaxy S5. Image 6 of 21 The 4.7-inch iPhone 6 sticks WAY up out of a shallow shirt pocket. I shudder to think how the 5.5-inch 6 Plus would look. The 4.7-inch iPhone 6 sticks WAY up out of a shallow shirt pocket. I shudder to think how the 5.5-inch 6 Plus would look. Image 7 of 21 Currently sold iPhones. From left: 6 Plus, 6, 5S, 5C. Currently sold iPhones. From left: 6 Plus, 6, 5S, 5C. Image 8 of 21 The original iPhone, released in 2007, had a 3.5-inch display. The original iPhone, released in 2007, had a 3.5-inch display. Image 9 of 21 The iPhone 3G followed in 2008. Also a 3.5-inch screen. The iPhone 3G followed in 2008. Also a 3.5-inch screen. Image 10 of 21 The iPhone 3GS added a speed bump in 2009. Still 3.5 inches. The iPhone 3GS added a speed bump in 2009. Still 3.5 inches. Image 11 of 21 The iPhone 4, from 2010, the same year that the iPad launched. Still 3.5 inches. The iPhone 4, from 2010, the same year that the iPad launched. Still 3.5 inches. Image 12 of 21 The iPhone 4S, from 2011. The iPhone 4S, from 2011. Image 13 of 21 Finally, a bigger screen. The iPhone 5, from 2012, was 4 inches. Finally, a bigger screen. The iPhone 5, from 2012, was 4 inches. Image 14 of 21 The iPhone 5S in 2013 brought Touch ID to the device, but kept the screen size at 4 inches. The iPhone 5S in 2013 brought Touch ID to the device, but kept the screen size at 4 inches. Image 15 of 21 The 2013 iPhone 5C was a "budget" phone for Apple, and essentially an iPhone 5 with a plastic back. The 2013 iPhone 5C was a "budget" phone for Apple, and essentially an iPhone 5 with a plastic back. Image 16 of 21 It's about time! The iPhone 6, introduced in 2014, is 4.7 inches. It's about time! The iPhone 6, introduced in 2014, is 4.7 inches. Image 17 of 21 The 2014 iPhone 6 Plus is a whopper, at 5.5 inches. The 2014 iPhone 6 Plus is a whopper, at 5.5 inches. Image 18 of 21 In this Sept. 16, 2016, file photo, Lisa Gao, from Chicago, compares a new jet black iPhone 7, right, with her iPhone 6 at an Apple Store in Chicago.  In this Sept. 16, 2016, file photo, Lisa Gao, from Chicago, compares a new jet black iPhone 7, right, with her iPhone 6 at an Apple Store in Chicago.  Photo: Kiichiro Sato, STF Image 19 of 21 Apple's iPhone 7 Plus  Apple's iPhone 7 Plus  Photo: Kiichiro Sato, STF Image 20 of 21 Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, talks about the features on the new iPhone 7 during an event to announce new products, Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) less Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, talks about the features on the new iPhone 7 during an event to announce new products, Wednesday, Sept. 7, 2016, in San Francisco. (AP ... more Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez, STF Image 21 of 21 10 years ago the Apple iPhone was born and revolutionized smartphones 1 / 21 Back to Gallery On this date in 2007, former Apple CEO Steve Jobs unveiled an item that would soon become one of the most beloved pieces of technology in the world.  The Apple iPhone was introduced at the MacWorld 2007 event just six years after the iPod was first released and changed the music industry.  FEELING OLD?: Pop-culture milestones we'll be celebrating in 2017 Jobs' presentation was historic, showing off his trademark humor and ingenuity and that black turtleneck sweater.  "Today Apple is going to reinvent the phone," he said, pointing to a classic iPod with a rotary dial. Funny, Steve.  The presentation, available widely on YouTube, is like watching the future being born in front of you. Hearing tech bloggers marvel at things that are now boringly ordinary is worth the hour running time.  The phone was so ahead of its time that the app store wasn't opened until the next year in 2008.  We act like everyone loved the piece of glass, metal, and plastic but Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer was one of the most vocal skeptics. He's since sorta changed his mind.  NEW GROWTH: Business group forecasts modest job growth in 2017 Jobs, who died in Oct. 2011, probably had an inkling that the iPhone would become an indispensable tool for techies but we doubt that he could have ever imagined the impact it would ultimately have. We do everything with our smartphones. You're likely reading this on yours.  For some, the iPhone is the first thing we see when we wake up and the last thing we touch before finally going to sleep. Some of us likely fall asleep with it in our hands.  Latest from the Chron.com Homepage Click below for the top news from around the Houston area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. Need to Know Buzzfeed: Whataburger is the best burger joint ever Sid Miller shares fake story about immigrants Katy man dies in crash while transporting rescue dogs Wrestling legend Jimmy "Superfly" Snuka has died The Lead Ex-Eagles member performs his classics in Houston Bikers will form 'wall of meat' at Trump's inauguration Home needed: Lost dog walked children to their cars Texans' Vince Wilfork says he's likely to retire Trump vows ‘insurance for all’ after Obamacare goes Amazon's Alexa throws serious shade at the Texans 3 decades after brutal killings, last defendant is no more Ex-Astros pitcher turned author auctioning memorabilia LinkedIn reveals the 20 highest-paying jobs in the US MORE HOUSTON AND TEXAS NEWS SpongeBob legal case wins against Houston company Students identified as vandals behind graffiti at Rice 1 dead after shooting at Greater Inwood birthday party 18 great Houston meals for $9 and under T-shirt maker has finally had enough of 290 traffic Runners take to street for Houston Marathon Houston's best gyms according to Yelp! Brock Osweiler ripped by memes after playoff loss How John McClain graded the Texans after their loss Latest News Buzzfeed dubs Whataburger better than In-N-Out, Shake Shack Logistics firm bringing 200 jobs to Houston Real estate in brief People in Business Apple reportedly taking aim at the likes of HBO, Netflix with... Vroom signs full floor lease in Westchase Hunington Properties gets new Greenway Plaza digs West side shopping center changes hands Creative office space reaching fever pitch in Houston Medical marijuana gets spotlight in pre-Super Bowl event in... Small Business Can I Send a Fax Through Google Chrome? How to Export Contacts From Exchange to Excel How to Format a Row Based on the Value of a Cell in Excel 2007 How to Embed YouTube in Captivate 6 How Much Loss Can You Include With an S Corporation? Most Read 1 Brock Osweiler ripped by memes after playoff performance 2 Brock Osweiler unravels in Texans' fall in Foxborough 3 Astros' Collin McHugh calls out Donald Trump on Twitter 4 Alexandria Vera, former middle school teacher impregnated by... 5 John McClain's report card for Texans-Patriots playoff game 6 Texans batter Tom Brady, still lose to Patriots in playoffs 7 A Texas teen is seen pumping gas, then he vanishes 8 Students identified as vandals behind pro-Trump graffiti on... 9 Report: 25-year-old pro bull rider Ty Pozzobon took his own life 10 A Texas man took a friend to a Cowboys game, and left him there View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eNewspaper Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Tablets Tablets News Apple to Launch 3 iPad Models in Q2 2017; No New iPad mini: Report  Gadgets 360 Staff, 09 January 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Highlights A refreshed 12.9-inch iPad Pro is expected A new 10-10.5-inch iPad Pro is tipped An affordable 9.7-inch iPad may also be launched A new report by KGI Securities’ analyst, Ming-Chi Kuo, claims Apple will be launching three new tablets in the second quarter of 2017. Significantly, the note to investors contains no mention of the iPad mini, leading one to believe that Apple is either killing the lineup or will have a new model to unveil later this year. Kuo has an excellent track record for predicting Apple plans, based on supplier information. The analyst claims that the Cupertino giant will launch an updated version of the 12.9-inch iPad Pro, while also introducing a new iPad Pro model with a new design featuring narrow bezels and a screen size between 10 and 10.5 inches. Alongside, Apple is also tipped to launch a more affordable 9.7-inch iPad that will be the “low-priced option” in its lineup. (Also see: New iPad Tipped to Sport Less Bezel, Larger Display, and No Home Button) The new 12.9-inch and 10-10.5-inch iPad Pro are said to ship with an Apple A10X SoC - an upgraded version of the Apple A10 SoC found in the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus - made by TSMC. As for the new, low-priced 9.7-inch iPad, Apple will reportedly use the Apple A9 SoC that was used in the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, and will be made by Samsung. (Also see: iPad Lineup Gets Storage Bumps to Match the iPhone 7) The analyst adds that a 10 percent drop in shipments can be expected this year, down to 35-37 million units, but that would still be less than what the company experienced in 2016 - where it saw a 20 percent fall year-on-year. The reason for the smaller drop in shipments, Kuo claims, is that the 10-10.5-inch iPad Pro is expected to see substantial demand from the enterprise demographic, while the 9.7-inch offering should see good demand - and is expected to account for 50-60 percent of the shipments. Apple can also be expected to generate good revenues from its tablet range in part due to a “a better ASP thanks to improved product mix on decreasing exposure to iPad mini will likely offset the shipment decline.” To recall, Apple launched the 9.7-inch iPad Pro back in March last year, and the 12.9-inch iPad Pro and iPad mini 4 in September 2015. The company was expected to refresh its iPad lineup at its September launch of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, however, that did not happen. Tags: iPad Pro, IPad mini, iPad Mini 4, Apple, Tablet Google Assistant on Android TVs Doesn't Require You to Repeat 'OK Google': Report Flipkart Names New CEO; Binny Bansal Elevated to Flipkart Group CEO Apple to Launch 3 iPad Models in Q2 2017; No New iPad mini: Report     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace Swipe Konnect Grand Huawei P8 Lite (2017) HTC U Play Gionee Steel 2 HTC U Ultra Ziox Mobiles Astra Metal 4G Asus Zenfone Pegasus 3S Nokia 6 ZTE Blade V8 Samsung Galaxy J1 (4G) Coolpad Conjr Alcatel A3 XL Xolo Era 2X ZTE Blade V8 Pro Asus ZenFone AR Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Popular OnePlus 3T Lenovo P2 iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Nokia Phones Vivo V5 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Latest Videos 03:13 360 Daily: Nintendo Switch, Nokia 6 Registrations, and More 03:16 How to Turn Off Push Notifications on Your Computer and Smartphone 03:46 Nintendo Switch: Five Things You Need To Know 02:38 How to Find Your Lost Smartphone 02:19 HTC U Ultra and HTC U Play First Look More Videos» OPINIONS ALL AUTHORS Rohan Naravane Why Any Modular Gadget Should Be Taken With a Pinch of Salt Akhil Arora How I Learned to Buy Less and Live More Gopal Sathe So, What's the Deal With These Convenience Fees? Advertisement Recent SpaceX Poised to Launch for First Time Since September Blast Moto G5, Moto G5 Plus Likely to Be Unveiled at February 26 MWC Event Nokia 6 Registration Crosses 500,000 Ahead of January 19 Flash Sale WhatsApp Denies Encrypted Messages Can Be Intercepted Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro With 5.7-Inch Super AMOLED Display Goes Official Microsoft Buys AI Firm in Virtual Assistant Battle With Amazon, Google LeEco Gets Fresh $2.18 Billion Investment From Property Developer Sunac Samsung Galaxy S8 to Sport Bezel-Less AMOLED Display, Tip Promo Videos Sony Entertainment CEO Exiting to Become Snap Chairman Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace With 4G VoLTE Support Launched in India More News TRENDING Reliance Jio Broadband Being Tested: What You Need to Know Lenovo P2 Launch, Airtel Payments Bank, and More News This Week Nokia 8 With 6GB of RAM, Snapdragon 835 Spotted in the Wild 250,000 Registrations in 24 Hours for Nokia 6's First Sale: Report Six Things You Need to Know About Resident Evil 7 Before Buying WhatsApp to Rollout an 'Enterprise' Service Later This Year? Redmi Note 4 India Launch Date, Flipkart's iPhone Deals, More: 360 Daily Nokia to Unveil More Android Smartphones on February 26 Nokia 6 Registration Crosses 500,000 Ahead of January 19 Flash Sale Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace With 4G VoLTE Support Launched in India Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
KGI’s Kuo still predicts three iPad sizes, including a high end midsize model | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives U.S. appeals court resurrects App Store antitrust… Apple increases maximum tvOS app size to… FBI releases heavily redacted information… Apple partners with Tresorit to offer encryption… ESPN’s iOS apps add support for Single… Spigen AirPods Stand coming in mid-February REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product Revogi Smart Lightbulb, Smart Lightstrip,… Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure… Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Just Mobile AluCharge USB Charger Griffin Pencil Sleeve for Apple Pencil Nomad Vulcanized LSR Silicone Strap for Apple… Zivix AirJamz Lutron Pico Remote Control for Audio Crosley Cruiser Deluxe MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras LG UltraFine 5K Display IK Multimedia MODO BASS OWC Thunderbolt 3 Dock Shiny Frog Bear Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard Apple MacBook Pro (2016) HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Controlling your Home from the Apple TV Disabling App Notifications in CarPlay Using AirPods with your Apple TV Using Double Tap to Control Play/Pause on… Optimizing iTunes Media Storage in macOS… Keeping the Christmas Tree Lights On with… DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: VPNSecure, Lifetime Subscription Daily Deal: HyperDrive USB Type-C 5-in-1… Daily Deal: 6.5-Ft Apple MFi-Certified Lightning… Daily Deal: EasilyDo, Lifetime Subscription Daily Deal: Zendure A8 26,800mAh QC3.0 Portable… Daily Deal: 3D Luxe Lightning Earphones with… GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News KGI’s Kuo still predicts three iPad sizes, including a high end midsize model By Dan Pye ● 7 days ago Well-connected KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo is doubling down on his August prediction that Apple will release three iPads in the second quarter of 2017, claiming Apple will release 12.9”, 10-10.5” and 9.7” models. The 12.9” is expected to be the new version of the existing iPad Pro and the 9.7” will be a “low-priced option” aimed at entry-level tablet buyers. There’s still some uncertainty around the final size of the high-end 10-10.5” option, mostly because a narrow bezel design could mean the device fits into the current footprint of the 9.7” iPad Pro while providing a larger screen, but how far Apple will go in eliminating the bezels is still unclear. Analysts at Barclays claimed in November that Apple would add a 10.9” bezel-free iPad with the same external dimensions as the 9.7” iPad Pro. Later that month, Macotakara cited an “informed source in Taiwan” who claimed the 10.9” version would eliminate the bezels along the bottom and sides of the device and increase the thickness of the tablet to 7.5mm (from the current 6.1mm). But that report claimed the 10.9” would be replacing the 9.7” and that Apple would also be releasing a new iPod mini, predictions that Kuo doesn’t seem to support. As far as internal specifications, Kuo predicts the higher-end iPads will feature the A10X chip while the 9.7” model will be given the A9. [via 9to5Mac] Comments « Samsung’s Gear S3, Gear S2, Fit2 smartwatches gain iOS compatibility Apple celebrates 10 years of the iPhone » Related Stories Apple releases fourth iOS 10.2.1 beta Apple releases iOS 10.2.1 beta 3, tvOS 10.1.1 beta 2, watchOS 3.1.3 beta 2 to developers Apple reports iOS 10 now on 76 percent of iOS devices Leak claims iOS 10.3 beta to arrive next week with ‘Theatre Mode’ Apple releases second developer beta of iOS 10.2.1 Apple releases first developer betas of iOS 10.2.1, tvOS 10.1.1 Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter Email: Recent News Report: ‘iPhone 8’ to include upgraded water resistance U.S. appeals court resurrects App Store antitrust lawsuit against Apple Apple increases maximum tvOS app size to 4GB Apple releases fourth iOS 10.2.1 beta Apple looking to produce original TV content for Apple Music subscribers FBI releases heavily redacted information about cracking iPhone Apple partners with Tresorit to offer encryption option to CareKit developers ESPN’s iOS apps add support for Single Sign-On Spigen AirPods Stand coming in mid-February Rumor: Apple working on lightweight augmented reality glasses with Zeiss Recent Reviews Revogi Smart Lightbulb, Smart Lightstrip, Smart Candle + Smart Meter Plug Audeze iSine10 In-Ear Headphones MOCACARE MOCACuff Connected Blood Pressure Monitor Apple AirPods Elgato Eve Motion Olloclip Core Lens Set for iPhone 7/7 Plus Logitech Pop Home Switch Starter Pack Elgato Eve Light Switch iHome iPLWBT5 Docking Clock Radio for iPhone and Apple Watch Brydge 12.9 iPad Pro Keyboard Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter Email: iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu IPHONE AT 10 Watch the moment Steve Jobs unveiled the original iPhone a decade ago Written by Mike Murphy January 09, 2017 The iPhone, 10 years ago Hannah Yi Your browser does not support HTML5 video. The iPhone, 10 years ago 0:00 0:00 Share this video https://qz.com/881108 Share Written by Mike Murphy January 09, 2017 Ten years ago today, Apple co-founder Steve Jobs unveiled what has become the most profitable product ever, and the catalyst for a revolution in the way we communicate and share information. Standing onstage in San Francisco in his trademark mock-turtleneck, baggy blue jeans, rimless glasses, and New Balance sneakers, Jobs introduced the audience to a gadget he considered to be as revolutionary as the Macintosh computer, the iPod, and anything else the company had ever produced. Although Apple has changed its views on some of the things Jobs said at the time (he was a stylus skeptic, for example, and Apple now makes a range of mobile products with styluses), it was Jobs’ vision that inspired a family of smartphones that have gone on to sell over 1 billion units in less than a decade. Even as competition has sprung up over the years, Apple’s expensive devices have maintained a strong portion of the smartphone market. A report shared with Quartz from market analytics firm eMarketer indicates that Apple still controls about 44% of the US smartphone market. (The average price for an iPhone has generally been around $600.) Apple’s most recent phone models have caused some consternation among users and reviewers for being relatively conservative updates, iterating on existing design and providing minor hardware updates. Apple’s profit took a hit because of it, with year-over-year iPhone sales falling for the first time ever in 2016. Whether Apple can reverse this trend in 2017, without the help of Jobs’ masterful presentation skills or vision, is the crucial question now. Watch the entirety of Jobs’ 2007 presentation below: Read this next: Apple didn’t have a great 2016, but 2017 is looking to be a big one Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search Post to Cancel
Editions Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Sections Home Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Search Services Newsletter Read on Play Newsstand Information Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Contact us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Edition: United States Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom Become an author Sign up as a reader Sign in Get newsletter Search Academic rigor, journalistic flair Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Follow Topics Scientists at work Ten years on, the iPhone has taken us back as many steps as it has taken us forward January 9, 2017 10.23am EST Leandro Soriano Marcolino Author Leandro Soriano Marcolino Lecturer in Data Engineering, Lancaster University Disclosure statement This article was written based on discussions with Rafael Sahb, manager of the web for development team at the Council on Health Research for Development, an NGO which develops online platforms for health research in Africa and the developing world. Partners Lancaster University provides funding as a founding partner of The Conversation UK. View all partners Republish this article Republish our articles for free, online or in print, under Creative Commons licence. A reinvention, yes. But has it taken us in the right direction? Blake Patterson, CC BY Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn The 10th anniversary of the Apple iPhone reminds us that while it was not the first smartphone, it was the first to achieve mass-market appeal. Since then the iPhone has defined the approach that other smartphone manufacturers have taken. Smartphones have transformed our lives, essentially giving us an internet-connected computer in our pocket. But while we’re distracted by Candy Crush or Pokemon Go, we are losing freedoms. We are losing control of our own devices, and losing access to the information they contain – in the very same devices that are increasingly important in our life. To see how far we’ve come, consider that personal desktop computers only became widespread with the IBM PC. By designing the PC with an open architecture, an enormous industry of PC-compatible products from other manufacturers sprang up. It’s the same today: when you purchase a computer, you’ll have (if you wish) the ability and the right to add or remove, swap or upgrade any element of the system hardware, install or remove any software you wish, including the operating system, and access to any information stored on it. However, today the smartphone or tablet have in many cases effectively replaced the desktop or laptop computer. In parts of the developing world, smartphones are the first experience many have of computing and internet access. The fact that they are small and portable and work wirelessly means they are put to many other uses, such as receiving guidance from navigation systems, listening to music while exercising, or playing games in waiting rooms. Yet doing something that’s very simple on a computer – such as listing your files – is impossible on an iPhone. iPhone users can change their background image, their ring-tone, the time of their alarm. But the iPhone guards what files it contains jealously. Your phone that is carried everywhere with you, which knows your precise location, which records the websites you visit – has all of its files completely inaccessible to you. If you care about privacy this should sound disturbing. We have always had the right to govern our own computers, to do with them as we wished. But the smartphones and tablets we’re buying today come without administrator rights: we are merely users in the hands of the big tech companies, and these firms effectively rule the machines we live with. Information and freedom Of course, the iPhone does allow access to some information, such as photos, emails or documents. But it is often difficult to get that data off the phone. The way the iPhone communicates with your computer is a closed, proprietary protocol, and Apple changes this protocol each time it updates the phone. So if you use neither Microsoft Windows or Apple Mac computers you will have a hard time even to get your own photos out of your own phone. Apple also restricts what information can be stored on the device. For example, iPhone users are obliged to transfer any music files on the phone through Apple iTunes software. If you cannot or do not wish to run iTunes – no music for you. Additionally, iTunes will automatically delete all the music tracks on your phone if you try to transfer files from more than one computer, due to digital rights management software that assumes that access from more than one computer means that the file has been shared illegally. It’s a bit like buying spectacles that control the conditions under which you’re allowed to read books. Or a backpack that will destroy all its contents if you attempt to carry items bought from different stores. The same issue also affects which applications can be installed. If you learn how write code, you can develop your own applications to solve your own unique problems. But the iPhone doesn’t allow you to run those programs: only software authorised by Apple and distributed via the Apple Store is permitted. Open alternatives Why so tightly control what we can do with our devices? Some may argue that these restrictions are necessary in favour of security. If we look again at computers, however, we find that Linux, an open source non-commercial operating system, is also the most secure. It’s true that the Android mobile phone operating system, which is more open, is not as secure as the iOS operating system that runs Apple’s iPhone. But it shows that it is possible to have a system that is both secure and open. In fact, iOS is built around several open source software projects – those whose internal workings are open to anyone to view or modify, for free. But while elements of iOS are open source, they are used as part of a tightly closed system. Android, an open source mobile phone operating system originally created by Google, is the chief alternative to the iPhone. But Android phones too have many closed source components, and Google is constantly replacing open components with closed source ones. Another alternative comes in the form of Ubuntu Touch, a recent version of the popular Ubuntu Linux for phones and tablets, although it is not yet widely used. The fact remains that ten years on, the mobile revolution kicked-off by the iPhone has taken us several steps forward and several steps back; leaving us uncertain of whether some day we will actually fully own our devices. Google Apple iPhone Android Open Source Ubuntu iOS Software companies Tweet Share Get newsletter You might also like A belt and braces approach is wise. Modern Relics After all these hacks, tech firms could do more – but better security starts with you Android: unsteady as she goes. Bersam/Google Google deals out ‘tough love’ as it ends security updates for a billion Android users Late to the party, but not necessarily with nothing to bring. Andrew Cunningham Ubuntu’s foray into phones brings a fresh approach, but will consumers take to it? There’s a big difference between a 4-digit PIN and a 6-digit PIN. Ervins Strauhmanis/Flickr How secure is your smartphone’s lock screen? Most popular on The Conversation Searching deep and dark: Building a Google for the less visible parts of the web As Republicans ready to dismantle ACA, insurers likely to bolt How the Ouija board got its sinister reputation The unknown crocodiles Four key times presidential nominees failed to gain Senate confirmation Normalizing fascists Chicago 1969: When Black Panthers aligned with Confederate-flag-wielding, working-class whites Is Google’s eagerness to answer questions promoting more falsehood online? Evidence from states shows why Trump’s brand of Carrier-style dealmaking won’t work Biohybrid robots built from living tissue start to take shape Expert Database Find experts with knowledge in:* Want to write? Write an article and join a growing community of more than 44,700 academics and researchers from 1,888 institutions. Register now The Conversation Community Community standards Republishing guidelines Research and Expert Database Our feeds Company Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Resource for media Contact us Stay informed Subscribe to our Newsletters Email address ✔ Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Follow us on social media Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Copyright © 2010–2017, The Conversation US, Inc.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple almost lost a prototype of the first-ever iPhone on a plane Kif Leswing Jan. 9, 2017, 10:18 AM 3,492 facebook linkedin twitter email print REUTERS/Alessia Pierdomenico Ten years ago, Apple revealed its iPhone for the first time, and Apple and fans everywhere are celebrating the occasion on Monday.  Some former Apple employees are using the occasion to dust off some great stories about the iPhone launch and the development process that led up to it.  One new story that's come to light is that a prototype of the first device was almost lost on a plane, former Apple executive and Nest founder Tony Fadell told the BBC.  Steve Jobs, the CEO at the time, had said that he was going to fire anyone who let the iPhone leak out. Jobs hated leaks. The product's design and emphasis on a touchscreen was unprecedented at the time, and competitors and Apple fans were desperate to learn what was being developed in Cupertino, California.  Fadell, who was in charge of iPod and iPhone engineering at Apple, almost let the iPhone leak by accident when he got off a flight and he discovered the "Jesus phone," as the media eventually called the device, wasn't in his pocket.  It could happen to anyone.  So Fadell rounded up a search party, who didn't even know what it was trying to find, and after two hours of searching, was able to find the prototype.  "It fell out of my pocket and it was lodged in between the seats," he told BBC.  An iPhone-iPod combination   Another piece of Apple history recently surfaced when leaker Sonny Dickson got his hands on screenshots of a scrapped operating system that was called "Acorn OS" internally. This software basically looks like if the iPod's software was extended to include phone features like making calls or sending texts. But instead of a digital keyboard, like the iPhone ultimately shipped with, the prototype used Apple's "click wheel" for input and navigation.  Tony FadellDavid Paul Morris/Bloomberg via Getty Images Fadell confirmed that the leaked video was legitimate, and that it was a software version for the user interface team at Apple. "You can see why we ditched it?" he tweeted.  In the interview with BBC, Fadell explained on why the click wheel prototype was scrapped.  "We were turning it into a rotary phone from the sixties," Fadell said. "We were like, 'This doesn’t work! It's too hard to use.'" The entire interview with Fadell is worth reading, especially for Apple fans. EXCLUSIVE FREE REPORT: 25 Big Tech Predictions by BI Intelligence. Get the Report Now » SEE ALSO: The 10 best iPhone apps of 2016, according to Apple More: Apple Tony Fadell iPhone facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple almost lost a prototype of the first-ever iPhone on a plane Apple almost lost a prototype of the first-ever iPhone on a plane Ten years ago, Apple revealed its iPhone for... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
3 new iPad models rumoured for spring release | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV National News HOT TOPICS Ice cream Donald Trump Conservative leadership Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather The Royals Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News CTV's Question Period W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement 3 new iPad models rumoured for spring release Members of the media and invited guests take a look at the new iPad Pro during an event at Apple headquarters on March 21, 2016, in Cupertino, Calif. (Marcio Jose Sanchez / AP Photo) AFP Published Monday, January 9, 2017 10:03AM EST A new report suggests that three new Apple iPads are set to be released this spring. According to The Verge the prediction comes from respected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo at KGI Securities, who made the prediction via 9to5Mac. Kuo has been predicting Apple releases for years and although he has made mistakes in the past, he is known for his accuracy. If he is right this time, Apple would release three new iPad models in three different sizes: 9.7-inch, 10-inch to 10.5-inch, and 12.9-inch. The 9.7-inch iPad would be a cheaper option with an A9 chip, first used for the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus. The 10-inch to 10.5-inch will be a "high-end model equipped with a narrow bezel design" and an A10X chip, and the 12.9-inch model will be the second generation iPad Pro with an A10X chip. The Verge also reports that rumours suggest the 7.9-inch iPad mini could also be getting a new release this year after being last updated in 2015. Related Stories 10 years ago, Steve Jobs presented Apple's first iPhone Wearables, virtual reality and 'connected' cars: Tech trends to watch in 2017 10 years of the iPhone in 11 groundbreaking models Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV Ottawa: Stand-off between cyclist and driver Air Date: January 15, 2017 false CTV London: Fatal buggy crash Air Date: January 15, 2017 false CTV News Channel: 'Unprecedented' controversy Air Date: January 15, 2017 CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News More News from Sci-Tech Cutest captain: Sea lion caught in fishing gear hops on boat Facebook announces 'fake news' offensive in Germany E-waste rising dangerously in Asia: UN study SpaceX launches first rocket since explosion in Florida The bald and the bold: Eagles' resurgence comes at a price Temporary blackout on Facebook business pages, users report Join the conversation... Advertisement CTV News Video Network false Caught on cam: Dispute between cyclist, driver in Ottawa CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News Most Popular Stories 1 Ont. family claims to have found 8 Advil pills in sealed ice cream carton 1 2 U.S. teen abducted as a newborn meets birth parents 4 3 Senate seats for sale? O'Leary says he'd consider it 1 4 Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump over Russia 6 5 Two Canadian billionaires are as rich as nearly 1/3 of Canada: report 6 #BeccaToldMeTo: Teen battling terminal cancer inspires acts of kindness 1 7 Vancouver man turns U-Haul storage locker into home 1 8 Foreigners likely tried to influence Canada’s election: ex-CSIS head 1 9 'It's a tinderbox': Assaults soar at 'stark, severe' throwback jail in N.L. 10 Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years 2 Don't Miss false Local fame: Meet the Ont. boy who's play made it on Fallon false Seniors share stores of love and marriage to today's youth false Looking for a sign: Collecting Montreal's iconic letters You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. CANADA Ont. family claims to have found 8 Advil pills in sealed ice cream carton Experts question whether tougher sentences deter drunk driving Ottawa police say no charges laid following altercation between cyclist, driver WORLD Officials: Unfilled border tunnels in Mexico a security risk Crisis warnings sound as EU gears up for new migrant wave Trump praises Brexit and predicts EU's demise, slams NATO ENTERTAINMENT 'Hidden Figures' keeps orbit at top; Affleck, Scorsese flop Prince Charles co-authors a book on climate change The last 'Greatest Show on Earth': Are circuses doomed? HEALTH Women face heavier burden of criminalizing HIV non-disclosure, advocates say Superheroes could magnify aggressive behaviours in children: study #BeccaToldMeTo: Teen battling terminal cancer inspires acts of kindness POLITICS Ukraine seeks 'clarity' from Canada on continuation of military mission O'Leary shows off his French lessons, promises proficiency by 2019 Jason Kenney challenged on unity plan by fellow Alberta PC leader candidates SCI-TECH Cutest captain: Sea lion caught in fishing gear hops on boat Facebook announces 'fake news' offensive in Germany E-waste rising dangerously in Asia: UN study BUSINESS Canada must remain nimble as it braces for Trump era: feds' economic adviser Parti Quebecois leader supports a 'Buy Quebecois Act' Listening to populists like Trump is important, Davos forum chief says AUTOS F1 great Stirling Moss, 87, in hospital with chest infection Rolls-Royce sets a record for bespoke commissions Driver caught on radar at 110 km/h over limit in Halton Hills. Ont.: police SPORTS Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Rodgers remains clutch as Packers rally to beat Cowboys 34-31 Rogers upsets 4th-seeded Halep in 1st round at Aussie Open Lifestyle What are the odds? Mom, dad, son all share a birthday 'More savoury than fruity': Volcanic wines are the hot new wine trend Toronto brings design to the streets with TO DO festival CTV News on the Go false News Minute: Ukraine calls on Canada to outline military Grounded tanker freed from Nova Scotia coast Central U.S. hit with second day of ice storms In Pictures   Skygazers treated to full moon, pink skies over B.C. North American International Auto Show Golden Globes red carpet fashion Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Bell Media Television Back to top
Videos Photos Lists Live Artists Podcasts Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Chart Beat Trump Inauguration Billboard Subscribe Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Grammys 2017 News Music Festivals Pop R&B/Hip-Hop Style Country Dance Latin Rock K-Pop Business Pret-a-Reporter Hot 100 Billboard 200 Charts Year-End 2016 Greatest of All Time Artist 100 Spotify + Web Trending 140 Emerging Artists R&B/Hip-Hop Pop Dance/Electronic Country Rock Latin Breaking and Entering Christian/Gospel Holiday Sports International Additional Genres Videos Search iPhone Turns 10: Watch Steve Jobs Introduce Apple's 'Revolutionary' Device 1/9/2017 by Marc Schneider FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Shaun Curry/AFP/Getty Images Steve Jobs attends a press conference in central London on Sept. 18, 2007.  "This is a day I've been looking forward to for two and a half years." So began Steve Jobs exactly 10 years ago today, right before introducing the iPhone to rapturous applause at an Apple event. Nine generations of the game-changing device have been released since, with well north of a billion sold. And on Jan. 9, 2007, it was abundantly clear from Jobs' language -- and the audience's reactions -- that he knew this was going to be a big fat deal. "Every once in a while a revolutionary product comes along that changes everything," he said. "One's very fortunate if you get to work on just one of these in your career. Apple has been very fortunate that it's been able to introduce a few of these into the world. In 1984, we introduced the Macintosh. It didn't just change Apple, it changed the whole computer industry. In 2001 we introduced the first iPod, and it didn't just change the way we all listened to music, it changed the entire music industry. Well, today we're introducing three revolutionary products..."  It's at that point that Jobs rattles off three things, an iPod, a phone, and something he called an "internet mobile communicator." After some confused applause about that last thing, he admitted that "these are not three separate devices. And we are calling it iPhone. Today Apple is going to reinvent the phone. And here it is." Watch the full iPhone introduction below: Watch every iPhone ad through September 2016: The iPhone triggered a revolution in mobile computing and became Apple's biggest moneymaker, but sales of its most recent generation -- the iPhone 7 -- have been sluggish. Apple's revenue dropped 8 percent to $216 billion in the most recent fiscal year -- the first time annual revenue has dipped since the iPod was unveiled in 2001. The company's operating profit declined 16 percent to $60 billion, mainly because it sold fewer iPhones for the first time since the device came out a decade ago. Citing this downturn, Apple gave Jobs' successor, Tim Cook, a 15 percent pay cut -- he had to make due with $8.7 million last year instead of the $10.3 million he made the year prior. The Associated Press contributed to this report. FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Comments Magazine Customer Service Subscribe Buy this issue Billboard biz The online extension of Billboard Magazine, billboard.biz is the essential online destination for the music business. Learn More Sharing Billboard Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Instagram Tumblr Pinterest Spotify Newsletter Explore Billboard Shop News Archive Photos Archive Videos Archive Magazine Archive Charts Archive Information Jobs Chart Licensing Billboard Events Contact Us Sitemap FAQ Feedback Lyrics Billboard Backstage Sonicbids © 2017 Billboard. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads Advertising Billboard.com is a member of Billboard Music, a division of Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Mobile Photo Essay The iPhone turns 10: a visual history of Apple’s most important product New, 72 comments by James Vincent@jjvincent Jan 9, 2017, 9:52am EST share tweet Linkedin Photo by David Paul Morris/Getty Images Ten years ago today Steve Jobs introduced the very first iPhone. He described it as three devices in one: “A widescreen iPod with touch controls, a revolutionary mobile phone, and a breakthrough internet communications device.” But since its first unveiling, the iPhone has become much more than that. It’s a symbol of the tech industry, of the modern era as a whole, and has made Apple the largest company in the world in terms of market capitalization, with some even speculating it’s the most profitable product ever. A decade on, and it’s still making headlines. Let’s take a look at how the iPhone has changed over the years: iPhone (2007) This is the iPhone as it first appeared in 2007, laying the foundation for the modern smartphone. It introduced the classic grid-of-icons layout, the single home button, and dropped a physical keyboard in favor of a multi-touch display. It was ready for the internet and consuming media, but it still lacked a number of key features — including 3G connectivity and the App Store. iPhone 3G (2008) The next iPhone launched in 2008 with that missing piece of the puzzle: the App Store. This gave developers the chance to build their own applications, and increased the iPhone’s value as useful apps and games populated its digital shopfront. The iPhone 3G also had 3G data, as well as push email and GPS navigation. iPhone 3GS (2009) The first "S" model iPhone offered iterative improvements rather than big new features. Apple said it was twice as fast as its predecessor, with the "S" standing for speed. It retained the same basic shape as earlier models, including a 3.5-inch, 480 x 320 display. Oh, and users finally got the option to copy and paste text. iPhone 4 (2010) The first major redesign of the iPhone bought stainless steel and glass to the table, as well as a new, squarer look with rounded corners. It was unveiled as the thinnest smartphone in the world and was the first Apple device to use a "Retina display." It was also the first iPhone with a front-facing camera for making FaceTime video calls, and shipped with iOS 4, which was capable of multi-tasking apps. iPhone 4S (2011) In 2011, the fifth-generation iPhone looked identical to its predecessor but shipped with Siri — Apple's voice assistant, which was ahead of its time but a little too ambitious. The phone also came with a new, rear-facing 8-megapixel camera and redesigned antenna to fix connectivity problems that plagued the iPhone 4. It was unveiled on October 4th, but the news was overshadowed by the death of Apple founder Steve Jobs the following day. iPhone 5 (2012) In 2012, the second major redesign of the iPhone bought a larger 4-inch display to the device and an aluminum case that made it durable but light. The iPhone 5 also introduced the reversible Lightning connector, replacing the old 30-pin port. iPhone 5C (2013) In 2013, Apple introduced a pair of new iPhones for the first time ever. The cheaper of the two was the colorful iPhone 5C, which had similar specs to last year’s iPhone 5, but came with a polycarbonate shell that was famously described by designer Jony Ive as "unapologetically plastic." iPhone 5S (2013) The 5C's pricier cousin was the 5S, which retained a near-identical design to the iPhone 5, adding new color options instead. There were big changes inside though: the home button was upgraded to support Apple's fingerprint recognition system, Touch ID, and the device featured the first 64-bit processor in a smartphone (the A7). It also shipped with iOS 7, a major overhaul of Apple's mobile operating system that dropped various skeuomorphic design touches (like fake textures in apps) for a flatter, cleaner look. iPhone 6 and 6 Plus (2014) For 2014, Apple finally went big with the iPhone, introducing the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. Both phones featured a new, curved design, as well as NFC support for mobile payments, a faster processor, and improved cameras — which had become the iPhone’s standout feature. The larger, lighter phones weren't as sturdy as previous models though, and "Bendgate" was the Apple scandal of 2014. iPhone 6S and 6S Plus (2015) Another S year meant another Similar-looking iPhone. The glass was tougher and the aluminum case less prone to bending on the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, but not much else had changed. The big new features were a pressure-sensitive display (3D Touch) and short videos captured with every picture (Live Photos). A year and a half later, though, and these still feel more like gimmicks than must-haves. iPhone SE (2016) The beginning of 2016 brought a surprise: the mid-cycle iPhone SE. A $399 device that looked exactly like an iPhone 5S, but with speedy new hardware inside and a Touch ID-enabled home button. The 4-inch screen was perfect for people who didn’t quite feel ready to move on to a larger device — but it was clear Apple thought big iPhones were the future. iPhone 7 and 7 Plus (2016) And speaking of the future, that’s exactly what Apple promised they were delivering with last year’s iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. The company avoided a major redesign, but still made significant changes — including a new dual-camera system for the Plus, making both models water resistant, dropping the mechanical home button in favor of a fully digital lookalike, and, yes, removing the headphone jack. Apple calls it “courage,” critics call it arrogance. Either way, there’s no going back. More From The Verge The Nintendo Switch will launch on March 3rd for $299 Tony Fadell tells us the story of the iPod-based iPhone prototype What to expect from Nintendo’s Switch event Trump leak raises new questions about Telegram security Mossberg: Streaming TV is beginning to look a lot like cable The ultimate conspiracy: a conspiracy against Reddit’s conspiracy community? Now Trending Apple removes app that let you find your AirPods Rogue One's reshoots show how Disney saved the first standalone Star Wars movie This disassembled Aston Martin DB11 engine is engineering pornography The bizarro big business of Mark Wahlberg and national tragedy DirecTV Now appears to be a complete mess This Article has a component height of 61. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Tech Amazon Amazon is seeking FCC permission to conduct wireless technology tests by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Last week, Amazon.com filed an application with the Federal Communications Commission, seeking permission to run experiments on a number of frequency bands that might have some connection to the company’s work with delivery drones. The... New, 0 comments Entertainment Film Star Wars Rogue One's reshoots show how Disney saved the first standalone Star Wars movie by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Now that Rogue One: A Star Wars Story has been out in theaters for a month, the veil of secrecy has been lifted and we’ve learned quite a lot about about how the film came together. This is pretty typical for most movies, save for the fact that R... New, 9 comments TL;DR Entertainment TV Jude Law had no idea what a meme was before The Young Pope by Kwame Opam@kwameopam Jude Law evidently isn’t a child of the internet. Despite playing the Church’s holiest supervillain in HBO’s The Young Pope, Law was unprepared for how easily the show could be turned into memes. In fact, he had no idea what memes were before the... New, 5 comments Google Tech Transportation Google takes another step towards launching its own self-driving Uber-killer with new patent by Andrew J . Hawkins@andyjayhawk Google has a lot of self-driving cars that have driven a lot of miles, but so far, no commercial use for them. But that could change if the Silicon Valley giant pursues its rumored plans of developing an autonomous ride-sharing network to compete... New, 3 comments Advice How to be human How to be human: it’s not you, it’s them — no, really by Leah Reich Leah Reich was one of the first internet advice columnists. Her column "Ask Leah" ran on IGN, where she gave advice to gamers for two and a half years. During the day, Leah is Slack’s user researcher, but her views here do not represent her... Business Entertainment Culture Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Circus will shut down in May 2017 by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak A year after it announced that it would no longer use elephants in its performances, the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus will hold its final performances in May of this year. The Cirus’s parent company, Feld Entertainment Inc, revealed... New, 1 comment Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Navigation gHacks Technology News The independent technology news blog Home Header Menu Home Windows Software Firefox Chrome Google Android Email Deals Best of Support Us Return to Content Of Apple and Windows: Gartner’s OS forecast is useless By Martin Brinkmann on January 9, 2017 in Hardware - Last Update:January 9, 2017 11 You have probably read about Gartner's latest forecast already which sees Apple shipping more combined devices than Microsoft / Windows in the year 2017 and the following years. If you have not, you can read about the prediction on the Computerworld website. Basically, what Gartner forecasts is that Apple will ship more iOS and OSX devices in total than Windows devices in the years 2017, 2018 and 2019. If you take the 2016 figures, which Gartner provides, you see Windows in second position with about 260 million devices shipped. Apple shipped only 248 million devices in total in the year and came in third. The statistic is dominated by Google Android which shipped on the majority of devices in 2016. To make this clearer, the 260 million Windows devices are 11% of the market. Windows devices dropped in comparison to 2015, and so did Apple devices in 2016. Gartner forecasts that Apple will see a strong year 2017 with device shipments picking up again, while Windows shipments won't see much change in the coming years. by Computerworld with Gartner data The statistic is problematic for a number of reasons. First, it takes PC, 2-in-1, tablet and phone shipments and adds them all up together. This ensures that you get the biggest number possible, but it does not really tell you anything about how well an operating system does or will do. If you would just look at individual device types, you'd see that the bulk of Apple's shipments falls into the iPhone category. For Windows, that is a dead category more or less. The situation changes if you take PCs on the other hand. Apple is not doing really well in that category, while the bulk of Windows devices fall into that group. Windows is doing well in the PC category first and foremost, and it is dominating it. Apple is obviously doing better than Windows in the mobile phone category as Windows is a no-show there. Second, even if you ignore this issue, you may notice that the "total devices shipped" figure does not tell you anything about how well a company is doing. Apple is making more money from devices that it ships than Microsoft or other companies shipping Windows products. Apple has been quite conservative when it comes to innovation and releasing products, and if the company does not change that, or change other metrics such as price, then I cannot see it recover from a decline in sales. For Microsoft, there are also some uncertainties. First, what about Windows Phone? Will Microsoft release the rumored Surface Phone in 2017 to the public? I cannot see it capture much market share initially, unless it is really innovative or offers great value for its price. Then, what about Windows 10? Microsoft's push to Windows 10 will continue obviously, but the company has yet to show how this will benefit the company financially. With 10% of Windows customers still on Windows XP, an operating system that Microsoft stopped supporting three years ago, it is clear that Microsoft will have a hard time convincing Windows 7 users to upgrade to Windows 10. Why? Because Windows 7 is probably as popular as Windows XP, and it is supported for another three years. Lastly, the figures may not take into account the enthusiast market. PC users can build their own devices from scratch. While there are not any information on how big that part of the market is, it is probably something that one should not forget. Closing Words The forecast does not tell us much. It tells us that Gartner believes that Apple will ship more devices than all companies shipping Windows devices because Apple will recover from declining sales while Microsoft won't. That's the extend of the forecast. I predict that Android device shipments will overshadow the combined Windows and Apple shipments, but that too does not tell us much that we don't know already either. In the end, it does not really matter if Apple beats Windows or vice versa. Apple is doing well, even though it seems to be in decline, and Microsoft is also doing well. Now You: What's your take on these stats? Summary Article Name Of Apple and Windows: Gartner's OS forecast is useless Description Gartner analysts forecast that Apple will take the second spot in the total devices shipped category from Windows in 2017. Author Martin Brinkmann Publisher Ghacks Technology News Logo Please share this article About Martin Brinkmann Martin Brinkmann is a journalist from Germany who founded Ghacks Technology News Back in 2005. He is passionate about all things tech and knows the Internet and computers like the back of his hand.You can follow Martin on Facebook, Twitter or Google+ View all posts by Martin Brinkmann → You are here: Home > Hardware > Of Apple and Windows: Gartner’s OS forecast is useless CryptoPrevent 8: Windows malware prevention software KeePass 2.35 password manager released Responses to Of Apple and Windows: Gartner’s OS forecast is useless Yuliya January 9, 2017 at 5:36 pm # Today I went to do the groceries, and I drove there in one car. Among other things, I purchased 10 oranges. 10 oranges. Can you imagine? And there were many other people purchasing oranges in bulk, and I doubt they own more than one car. By the looks of it, the orange market is completely crushing the car market. I mean, for every 10 oranges they barely manage to sell 1 car. I don't even know why companies like VW, Mercedes or BMW are still in business, honestly. They should just sell everything and move towards selling oranges. __________ That pretty much sums up the way I see these statistics of gartner's. Reply Don January 9, 2017 at 10:56 pm # For me, a developer, comparing a phone and a PC is like comparing an orange and a car. But I no longer think most consumers feel that way. Most could get by with just a phone. Even the cost of a phone and PC is now comparable. Reply SuilAmhain January 9, 2017 at 6:32 pm # In my experience, Gartner is what crappy middle/upper management use to justify the failed project for that thing that everybody else is already doing... In a random polling of me, I got 100% agreement with that statement. I expect it to stay 100% through QX, 20XX. Reply 420 January 9, 2017 at 6:49 pm # I predict M$ will start "accidentally" screwing up windows 7 in order to make/force people off. Reply T J January 10, 2017 at 12:07 am # There is a very simple solution to MS screwing up Win 7. Don't install any updates. Most of the "updates" which I have hidden are "fixes" for "fixes" for cocked up "fixes" for security problems. The "programmers" writing the code do not seem to communicate with each other and just fill the OS with spaghetti code. Spaghetti bolognese is nice to eat. Spaghetti code is rubbish. Why try to run a Desktop/Laptop using an OS which is designed for phones and notepads. UWP ? No thank you. Reply Heimen Stoffels January 10, 2017 at 10:47 am # And you think people will stop installing updates? Sure, people who read sites like this probably will but the majority of PC users, who are not as tech-savvy, will probably not know about the screw-up until *after* they've installed all of the updates. lehnerus2000 January 10, 2017 at 1:27 am # "I predict M$ will start "accidentally" screwing up windows 7 in order to make/force people off." IMO, you should replace "start" with "continue". :( Reply pete January 9, 2017 at 11:33 pm # Here are the numbers that count. Most recent quarter for Microsoft Net income was $3.1 billion Most recent quarter for Apple Net income was $7.8 billion i believe that says it all Reply Heimen Stoffels January 10, 2017 at 10:49 am # I don't believe that says it all. Just because one quarter went well for Apple compared to MS doesn't say they're recovering from declining sales because sales might decline again in Q1 for Apple and pick up for MS. So 4 quarters is what counts, in other words: all quarters combined. Reply Tony January 10, 2017 at 10:54 am # Only if you ignore profit. I hear Gartner is hiring; perhaps you could apply... Reply Clairvaux January 10, 2017 at 3:25 am # Dumping all devices together makes sense from an Internet terminal point of view. That's what more and more people in the industry are interested about. I'm a desktop user, and I've seen big media sites being downgraded beyond recognition, obviously in order to fit the smartphone user's screen. Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment Your Name Your E-mail (will not be published) Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting. Subscribe / Connect   Ghacks Technology Newsletter   Ghacks Daily Newsletter Advertisement Popular Cumulative Windows 10 Update KB3194496 installation issues September 30, 2016 Microsoft’s explanation for pushing Windows 10 upgrades raises questions December 25, 2016 Firefox will only support WebExtensions by the end of 2017 November 24, 2016 Checking for updates slow on Windows 7? Here is the fix November 2, 2016 Microsoft resurrects Telemetry updates KB2952664 and KB2976978 October 5, 2016 Advertisement Recent Updates Windows 10 Privacy Tools Windows Updates overview MemTest 5.0 Firefox, DRM, end of NPAPI Fix Slow updates on Windows 7 Battery Aid 2 for Android Google Public DNS HDD Guardian 0.7.1 Hosts Editor overview HostsMan 4.7.105 Random Software Review Macrorit Disk Partition Free 4.0.0 released Topics Apple Development Facebook Games Ghacks Hardware Internet Internet Explorer Linux Microsoft Mobile Computing Music And Video Networks Opera Security Tutorials Partner Sites Advertisement Latest Page not found? Load archived copies with Wayback Machine for Chrome January 15, 2017 Windows 7: Microsoft waves an early goodbye January 15, 2017 Windows Security Only Update won’t include Internet Explorer patches anymore January 14, 2017 Image Resizer for Windows January 14, 2017 WhatsApp Security: make this change right now! January 13, 2017 About Ghacks Ghacks is a technology news blog that was founded in 2005 by Martin Brinkmann. It has since then become one of the most popular tech news sites on the Internet with five authors and regular contributions from freelance writers. Information About Contact Disclaimer Rss Feeds Privacy Policy We Use Authors Martin Brinkmann Alan Buckingham Kevin Dearing © 2017 gHacks Technology News. All Rights Reserved. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.OkRead more
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple’s iPhone turns 10. Where does it go from here? – CNET Posted on January 9, 2017 by CNET Apple CEO Steve Jobs introduced the first iPhone at Macworld on January 9, 2007, in San Francisco, California. Photo by Getty Images. Happy birthday, iPhone. You’re 10 years old! What do you want to be when you grow up? When Steve Jobs unveiled the … Apple’s iPhone: 10 years old and only getting startedComputerworld Apple’s iPhone turns 10BGR The iPhone has been revolutionizing our love lives for 10 yearsMashable Business Insider -WIRED -ZDNet -CNBC all 293 news articles …read more wrote 24922 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Iridium’s NEXT Generation Celebrates Launch of First 10 Satellites – SatNews Publishers Samsung Reportedly Just Revealed Why Its Note 7s Kept Catching Fire – Fortune ANALYSIS-China, Europe drive shift to electric cars as U.S. lags – Nasdaq Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader – Business Insider After Government Threatens Fines, Facebook Will Test Out Fake News Filtering in Germany – Gizmodo Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers more Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Is AppleCare+ really worth it? Every time you buy a consumer electronics device, the seller tries to foist a warranty program on you. Most of the time, it's just a way for the vendor to increase profits. But what about when you buy an iPhone? By David Gewirtz for DIY-IT | January 9, 2017 -- 14:03 GMT (06:03 PST) | Topic: SMBs Photo by Steven Musil/CNET So you've just bought yourself a shiny new iPhone. Whether it's the low-end iPhone SE or an over-the-top iPhone 7 Plus, these are expensive devices. If you drop one, you're out a lot of money. 10 years ago Apple's iPhone turns 10: Here's how the device impacted business, work Apple's iPhone made its debut 10 years ago. Here's a look at how it has impacted business and the enterprise. Read More One way to protect your phone is to put it into a case. Another is to take advantage of Apple's AppleCare+ program. In this article, we look at the cost of AppleCare+ and show you how you can determine if it's right for you. Back in 2013, I took a look at carrier-based smartphone protection plans. In those days, you bought your phone and your service together, usually under a two-year contract. While that approach is still possible today, more and more people are buying their phones from one source and their communications from another. For example, I bought my latest iPhone straight from the Apple store (under the iPhone Upgrade program), but get my connectivity from Verizon. What is AppleCare+? Let's start with the basics. What is AppleCare+ (and why the plus)? I did quite a lot of poking around online and just couldn't get a clear answer about the difference between AppleCare and AppleCare+. According to "Alex" (probably not his real name), the Apple Online Store support representative, AppleCare is for Macs and AppleCare+ is for mobile devices. Don't think about the fact that AppleCare once protected iPods. It'll give you a headache. On the other hand, according to last year's TechRepublic article on AppleCare and AppleCare+, AppleCare doesn't offer accidental damage protection, and AppleCare+ does. The thing is, there's no AppleCare (without the plus) listed on the Apple Online Store for iPhones, so it's not clear whether that program is still available. For our purposes, since we are only talking about iPhones, I'm focusing just on AppleCare+. I know. Headache. If there's interest, I'll come back with a discussion on AppleCare and Macs at a later date. AppleCare+ extends your device's initial coverage from one year of warranty care and 90 days of telephone support to a full two years of both. AppleCare extends coverage to two years. According to Apple Legal's expanded terms and conditions for AppleCare+, the protection plan covers defects in materials and workmanship, the capacity of your device's battery to hold a charge of at least 80 percent, and accidental damage (drops and liquid damage). It does not cover normal wear and tear nor does it cover theft, or, in the words of Apple, "damages caused by reckless, abusive, willful or intentional conduct associated with handling and use of the Covered Device." In other words, Apple will not replace the phone used in Will It Blend: (Disclaimer: I actually own a Blendtec blender. My wife has not yet allowed me to try blending any consumer electronics devices. She's strict about such things.) AppleCare+ also provides you with technical support after the 90 days that comes with your purchase. Additionally, AppleCare+ allows you to replace your damaged phone or screen up to twice during the term of the service -- at least as long as you didn't try to run it through a blender or commit any other willful evil upon it. What it costs AppleCare+ for the low-end iPhone SE is $99. For all other iPhones, AppleCare+ costs $129 for the two year period. Those buying into the iPhone Upgrade Program get AppleCare+ for free, but if you subtract out the actual cost of a phone from the total cost of the program, it still costs $129. To look at your return on investment in AppleCare+, I'm going to benchmark three phones: a top of the line iPhone 7 Plus with 256 GB, a base iPhone 7 with 32 GB, and a bargain basement iPhone SE with 16 GB. The total price (in US dollars) of the devices are as follows: iPhone SE: $399 iPhone 7 32 GB: $649 iPhone 7 Plus 256 GB: $969 Although you can get these devices from many carriers and with a variety of different payment options, as the grid below (for the high-end iPhone 7) shows, the net price of the device winds up the same no matter which purchasing approach you take. Typical iPhone payment options, this for an iPhone 7 Plus. Value of accidental damage program based on one-time costs The math is relatively easy to do if you just look at the overall cost of each phone and the cost of AppleCare+. The following chart shows the cost of each phone plus the protection plan. Chart: David Gewirtz There are two types of accidental damage rectification. The first is for if you've just damaged your screen (with no dents or dings anywhere else). The second is for if you've incurred more damage. If you have AppleCare+, and you've only damaged your screen, Apple will charge you $29 to replace the screen. If you take it into an Apple Store, most likely you'll get your original phone back. If you don't have AppleCare+, you'll have to use Apple's out-of-warranty screen repair service. Here's what Apple charges to repair an out-of-warranty screen: iPhone SE: $129 iPhone 7 32 GB: $129 iPhone 7 Plus 256 GB: $149 If all you did was replace a damaged screen, here's what it would cost to use AppleCare+ compared to an out-of-warranty replacement. Chart: David Gewirtz As the above chart shows, it actually costs more, between the cost of AppleCare+ and the screen replacement fee, than just replacing the screen and incurring the out-of-warranty cost. The exception to this is the iPhone SE, where you save a whole dollar if you have AppleCare+. The real eye-opener is how much you'd save if you needed to replace the entire phone. As the chart below shows, that's some real money. Chart: David Gewirtz If you drop or damage your phone, it's clear that the more you spend on your phone, the more you'll save using the AppleCare+ program. Payments and early termination Not everyone buys their phones outright. Many of us buy our phones on a payment contract, either from Apple via a loan from Citizens One or from a carrier. One strategy for phone replacement, in the event you need to start over with a new phone after some serious damage, is to eat the carrier's early termination fee and buy another phone. While each carrier is different, Verizon's early termination fee structure is reasonably representative of the industry. It starts at $350, and declines by $10 each month. In later months, it declines at a greater rate. Here's a chart that shows early termination costs across the 24 months of a typical contract. Chart: David Gewirtz The bottom line is that if you decide to cancel your contract early, you're going to be eating anywhere from $90 to $350, and you'll still need to get a new phone. At $99 or $129, AppleCare+ is considerably less expensive than any early termination fee across the 24 month contract period, unless you're in the last two months. A new phone from the Apple Upgrade Plan The Apple Upgrade Plan allows you to get a new phone every year. All you need to do is sign up again for a two year contract, return your existing phone, and get a new one. So, if you break your phone in, say, month 10, wouldn't it just make sense to wait until month 12, and just have Apple give you a new phone? Yeah. No. It doesn't work that way. The contract you sign with Apple says your phone has to be in good working condition when your trade it into them for a new phone. That said, if you have the Apple Upgrade Plan, you're forced to also have AppleCare+. So if you break your phone in month 10, exercise your replacement right, pay your $99 fee for a replacement phone, and then trade that phone in when you're ready. What you get when Apple replaces a damaged phone When I wrote my analysis of smartphone protection plans back in 2013, readers were quick to point out that the replacement phones they got weren't always as nice as the phones they'd broken. Sometimes they were previous generation phones, which really angered some readers who'd been dutifully paying for a replacement service. More on iPhone The enterprise iPhone: Improvements in Apple's iOS Gallery tour: iPhone's evolution What will the next 10 years bring? Apple's transition from Jobs to Cook Tracking changes in storage, battery, camera and more iOS 10.2: Tips and hidden secrets Best iPhone or iPad apps for 2017 Made in China: Four horsemen of the iPhone apocalypse Does an iPhone production cut suggest a sales slump? Does the iPhone still matter? Huawei, not Apple, now drives the mobile conversation AppleCare+ provides a more satisfying promise: "All replacement products provided under this Plan will at a minimum be functionally equivalent to the original product." Given that each year's phone models have new functions compared to a previous year's model, Apple would have to replace your broken iPhone 7 Plus with an iPhone 7 Plus, not an iPhone 6s Plus -- so no, breaking your iPhone 7 isn't a sneaky way to get your headphone jack back. So is it worth it? AppleCare+ is not a bad plan. It has four main features worth considering: Extended tech support past the original 90 days Another year warranty on material or workmanship defects A warranty if your battery starts to suck Replacement if you drop your phone (as long as you don't purposely drop it into a blender) Only you can determine whether or not the extended tech support is of value. For me, the answer is no. Every time I've ever called Apple tech support (and I'm going back to the early days), I've been told one of three things: "You can't do that with our products," "Why are you trying to do that with our products," or "We don't support your doing that with our products." But that's me. I'd rather Google most basic use questions, so when I call it's usually for something reasonably obscure, like "Will the Rode wireless transmitter/receiver pack work with the lightning-to-eighth-inch jack dongle?" To which the answer was, and I quote, "We can't comment on non-Apple products." Useful? Not so much. But what about the extended warranty on defects and battery? Let's just lump that in with the damage protection and ask the question: how important is having a working phone to you? All three of these protections cover situations where the phone you depend on is not working, and you need to get a replacement or get it fixed. As we've seen, if all you've done is broken your screen once (and nothing else was damaged), then AppleCare+ doesn't buy you anything. But if you break your phone in any other way, AppleCare+ does provide a return on the investment. So that leads to the next issue you need to consider: how likely is it you're going to break your phone? Personally, I've never broken any of my devices, but there's always a first time. My iPhone is one of the more expensive ones. I carry it from room to room with me. I'd be really upset if I had to spend eight or nine hundred dollars to replace my phone. For someone on a budget, with an iPhone SE, the replacement value of the phone over the cost of the plan isn't that high. But if you are accident prone with your screens, or hard on your phones in other ways, it might be easier to come up with a little extra for AppleCare+ vs. someday having to pay for a whole new phone. Bottom-line it for me, David. What do you recommend? You want me to put it all on the line, right? Okay, here it is. Get AppleCare+. These devices are insanely expensive, and you take them everywhere. The chances that you'll drop them, damage them, or that there's something wrong with them, where a replacement is needed, is pretty high. But don't lose your phone. If you lose your phone, don't go cryin' to Apple. Because, AppleCare+ or not, if you lose your phone, Apple, like Janice in Accounting, don't give a frak. You can follow my day-to-day project updates on social media. Be sure to follow me on Twitter at @DavidGewirtz, on Facebook at Facebook.com/DavidGewirtz, on Instagram at Instagram.com/DavidGewirtz, and on YouTube at YouTube.com/DavidGewirtzTV. VIDEO: Alexis Ohanian says the iPhone has helped build communities on Reddit Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Cloud Here's how the public cloud can reduce the stress and expense of your on-premises IT SMBs PayPal partners with Discover for tokenization services, in-store payments Enterprise Software Microsoft is developing its own human capital management apps SMBs TrackR: Rip-off or incompetent? Lessons to learn from a total customer service failure × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Trending: Fix Windows 10 with free Microsoft tools Hands on: Apple's AirPods are 'magical' Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. The CSO guide to top security conferences It's time to start planning for SQL Server on Linux Review: DigitalOcean keeps the cloud simple IT teams put conversations to work with ChatOps More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Mobile & Wireless Apple iOS Apple Holic By Jonny Evans |Follow About | Appleholic, (noun), æp·əl-hɑl·ɪk: An imaginative person who thinks about what Apple is doing, why and where it is going. Delivering popular Apple-related news, advice and entertainment since 1999. Opinion Apple’s iPhone: 10 years old and only getting started The future will be better tomorrow Computerworld | Jan 9, 2017 5:45 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Apple More like this Apple Watch Series 2 review: It’s time to jump in Google Pixel: What would Steve Jobs do? What to expect from Apple in 2017 Video Mingis on Tech: The iPhone 7, Apple Watch 2 -- and the gadget guy! Ten years ago today Apple CEO, Steve Jobs, announced the iPhone. It didn’t ship for several months and the prototype he used wasn’t perfect, but the device has defined the last ten years of mobile technologies -- and sets the scene for another decade of transformation. Where are they now? There were so many people who didn’t understand why Apple shipped a “phone,” and others (Steve Ballmer, maybe) who couldn’t comprehend the change the company ushered in when it did. Where are they now? Nokia and Motorola got sold and resold; the Symbian, BlackBerry, Palm, and Windows CE mobile operating systems disappeared. The big three brands are Apple, Huawei and Samsung. And every smartphone looks like an iPhone: rectangular devices controlled by multi-touch and a sheet of glass. Apple set the template for ten years of mobile device design and it takes a special class of deluded Kool-Aid drinking “Earth is round” denier to refute this fact. Smartphone planet Apple sold 270,000 first-generation iPhones in three hours. It sold 1.39 million in the first year. The company sold 211.88 million iPhones in 2016, down slightly from the 231.22 million sold in 2015. Throughout this time the company has managed to dominate high-end smartphone sales while setting the design, capability and software templates others chose to follow. Today almost everybody has a smartphone -- 80 percent of the planet’s population will have one by 2020 and the average American spends two hours or more each day using their device. Eight in ten Americans check their smartphone within 15-minutes of getting up. These mobile devices have become utterly essential parts of modern life -- we do everything with them, from paying for things in the shops to catching planes, finding restaurants, messaging -- some people even use them to make phone calls, though that is also changing. The everything engine When Apple announced the iPhone it called it three breakthrough products in one: "An iPod, a phone and an internet communicator." It’s only when the apps began to proliferate that we discovered that these devices were the modern equivalent of utterly personalized toolkits that could be configured for almost any need. You can use your iPhone to find a house, check the neighborhood, measure the rooms and make sure your shelves are flat while you put them up once you’ve got the mortgage and arranged the furniture removals. Only last week Apple told us the App Store now offers over 2.2 million apps.  “There has been no Apple product with greater impact than the iPhone, for Apple, for the mobile industry, and because of the spread of mobile technology, for the whole technology industry,” said Ian Fogg, director at IHS Technology. Everything, everywhere The thing is the iPhone is habitual. It is also mobile and connected. The power of the processor inside these devices is faster than the one inside the current MacBook Air. People speculate Apple will introduce ARM-powered Macs in future, even as Microsoft hatches plans for ARM-powered PCs. What does this mean? It means that the computational power squeezed inside the device in your pocket is beginning to exceed that of the Mac on your desk. As mobile user interfaces improve (think Minority Report) the number of things you can do on a computer that you cannot do on a mobile device will inevitably shrink. It’s also inevitable that one day this kind of computational power will become wearable. Everywhere, everything That’s the next step, of course: highly advanced wearable devices that combine many of the features we use smartphones for, “an iPod, a phone, and a powerful internet communicator.” Ten years on and we can see that the iPhone set the template for the mobile age -- and put Apple in a great position to surf the next wave of connected everything. Apple’s commitment to the non-fragmented and secure operating system that drives the iPhone is vital if we’re going to connect essential public utilities to the same networks that drive our VCR or toaster. You don’t want poorly secured operating systems running your power supply, do you? Meanwhile, of course, it’s not too late to redefine smartphone design all over again as Apple prepares to mark the tenth anniversary of the iPhone in a manner that most fits its DNA: By reinventing the category. “The best is yet to come,” promised Apple CEO, Tim Cook, yesterday. Think about that. Google+? If you use social media and happen to be a Google+ user, why not join AppleHolic's Kool Aid Corner community and join the conversation as we pursue the spirit of the New Model Apple? Got a story? Drop me a line via Twitter or in comments below and let me know. I'd like it if you chose to follow me on Twitter so I can let you know when fresh items are published here first on Computerworld. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Apple iOS Smartphones Mobile & Wireless Apple iPhone 7 Jonny is a freelance writer who has been writing (mainly about Apple and technology) since 1999. Fix Windows 10 problems with these free Microsoft tools You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Cortana, Windows 10’s built-in virtual assistant, is both really cool and really creepy. Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Sennheiser Audio Conferencing Finally Catches the Digital Transformation Wave Sponsored by VMware AirWatch A More Flexible Approach to App Containerization Popular Resources White Paper Seven Myths of Cloud-Managed Wi-Fi Video/Webcast Sponsored The Rise of Malware-Less Attacks: How Can Endpoint Security Keep Up? White Paper When Concrete and Steel Meet Sensors and Signals: How a Mobile Workforce Can Make it All Work White Paper 2016 Predictions For Cloud & What I&O Pros Should Do About Them Video/Webcast Sponsored Achieving Digital Transformation through Cloud-Based Data and Analytics Services Go Top Stories Here's how much Tesla will require EV owners to pay to charge up Tesla has announced the prices vehicle owners will have to pay to use its Supercharger stations. A trip... Fix Windows 10 problems with these free Microsoft tools A handful of free tools can be used to repair most problems on Windows 10 PCs -- and they’re all... Best tips & takeaways from RStudio Conference I'll be sharing the most interesting things I hear, see and learn at this week's big R event. NRAM set to spark a 'holy war' among memory technologies Nano-RAM, which is based on carbon nanotubes, is expected to challenge traditional memory and flash for... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Homepage Follow Sign in / Sign up Owen WilliamsBlockedUnblockFollowFollowing I love to write about the future of things. Freelance writer, developer and obsessive tinkerer. Jan 8 Apple’s AirPods are junk, and it’s all Siri’s fault When Apple announced its wireless AirPods alongside the iPhone earlier this year I was intrigued by the premise: wireless headphones that ‘just work’ the Apple way. For years Bluetooth has been a hostile mess of pairing issues, connection drops and inconsistent quality. Whenever I think of Bluetooth audio, I associate it with sitting for a few minutes every time I want to actually just listen to music, poking around at the phone figuring out why they’re not pairing. The beauty of AirPods is that they promise to fix all that, even across devices like your MacBook and Watch — so I decided to roll the dice and try a pair, since it feels like I’m constantly untangling the damn things. AirPods are actually one of the few Apple inventions in recent memory that ‘just work’ like the company is famous for. From the moment you take them out of the box and flick the charging case open, they’re paired with your phone and automatically pop up on the screen, which actually shocks you for a second — you mean that’s it? It is. This is what I had come for — the ability to sit in front of my computer and have them automatically pair, then jump on my bike and have it work with my phone automatically. That part of the promise worked, and I was surprised that despite all the hand wringing in reviews of the headphones it’s pretty hard to get them to fall out. The sound quality is noticeably better than that of those in the box, presumably because they have a small battery onboard that can drive them, and smaller touches like battery glances when you flick open the case shows just how much attention to detail Apple pays to the experience. What reviewers seem to have ignored, and even discounted, is that beyond the fancy pairing process, the AirPods are actually pretty junk to use in the real world. There are annoying oversights that don’t make any sense, and Apple has leant on Siri incredibly hard to make the AirPods useful that they end up being more frustrating to use than the free ones with a cable. Within just a few minutes I was annoyed that something as simple as changing the volume required me to speak out loud — and I’m all for voice assistants, but Siri is an utter shit-show. When asking to change the volume, or skip a song not only would it rarely recognize me awkwardly tapping on the side over and over, it’d often do the opposite of what I asked, or even just randomly call someone. On top of that it’s incredibly slow, so by the time you’ve managed to do what you started out trying to do, it’d have been faster to pull out your phone, unlock it, do it and put it back again. We all know Siri is crap on the iPhone, but putting it in your ears doesn’t make it any more convenient, instead, it made me resent how bad it really is. AirPods do, strangely, let you tap on the side to either invoke Siri or pause music, but not anything else. Perhaps this will change in the future, but it’s an oversight only Apple could manage to pull off. Last November I picked up a Google Home, and the beauty of that device is it’s able to pick you up virtually anywhere with surprising accuracy — and it provides a response in a second or less. Home is legitimately useful because it’s charming, responsive and generally reliable, where Siri is the opposite: slow, robotic and incredibly patchy. When you put the AirPods in your ears and start listening to music, it’s not a bad experience. The ability to pause music as you take one out of your ear is cute, as is having incoming calls announced to you. Unfortunately, when you want to skip music, hang up a call, turn down the volume or do anything at all, it falls apart. I quickly realized that the free headphones in the box could do more, simply because they have a bunch of buttons on them. With AirPods, you’re stuck saying actions out loud over and over before giving up and ripping your phone out of your pocket. And that’s the point Apple’s missed: AirPods are pretty amazing hardware, but because they’re so intimate and Siri is right inside your ear where you need it to work reliably constantly… it just becomes frustrating quickly. Apple’s offloaded the most basic of tasks to a voice assistant where it isn’t even capable of performing them reliably, and it shows. Home and Alexa, on the other hand, reveal Apple’s weakness: they have a place in your life that’s permanent throughout your day, and while those assistants still need work too, it’s much easier to forgive them since they’re sitting on your countertop rather than in your ears, and what you’re probably asking them to do is convert a recipe measure rather than hang up a call. Both Amazon and Google have worked to make their assistants charming and even sometimes lovable, so when something goes wrong you’re more likely to just try again. But ultimately the strategy is a good one: slowly get people accustomed to interacting with a voice assistant in the real world daily, in the privacy of their own home. Apple, boldly, went straight for the obvious: why not integrate a voice assistant into your daily life by wearing it somehow? Unfortunately, both the timing and technology simply isn’t there. Siri isn’t up to the task at all, tends to be cold and clinical, and talking out loud to your voice assistant nobody else can hear in public is actually pretty weird. Siri has been a constant complaint for years while other assistants have raced ahead. Google’s version, for example, understands the context of what you’re asking and can reference other queries earlier in the conversation. Siri, on the other hand, can still be stumped if you just ask the question in a slightly strange way. I love the idea of AirPods, but ultimately they’re more frustrating than anything else. The wireless technology really ‘just works’ like Apple always promises, going above and beyond any other wireless earbuds I’ve ever tried. But, the last 5 percent is infuriating and AirPods’ heavy reliance on Siri made me long for wired headphones again — so I took them back after just a few days. Where Home and Alexa are delightful because they enhance your life with voice technology and aren’t pivotal to going about your day, AirPods will leave you frustrated more than anything else. For some, it might work better, but I’m not convinced it’s worth it right now. I’m sure that Siri and AirPods will get better over time, but it certainly seems like Apple has skipped the step where it makes the software better and released AirPods into the world without considering the implications of how hardware that’s heavily reliant on a voice assistant can make you feel about that assistant after consistently trying and failing to get it to work. Siri is still not much more than a toy, and while everyone else seems to be forging the way with speakers in your home that can learn and slowly reveal to you how useful the future could be, Apple went straight for the jugular and only shone a light on how behind it is with Siri. Over time, AirPods and Siri will make sense, but right now it feels like paying for the privilege to be a beta tester of a product that may or not improve over time. They might get better tomorrow, or it might take five years. For now, it’s back to wired for me. AppleTechnologyAirpods 96 13 BlockedUnblockFollowFollowing Owen Williams I love to write about the future of things. Freelance writer, developer and obsessive tinkerer. Follow Charged Tech Tech news, deciphered 96 13 Share 96 Never miss a story from Charged Tech, when you sign up for Medium. Learn more Never miss a story from Charged Tech Get updatesGet updates
City Cityline Breakfast Television News Local Trending in Toronto Athlete of the Week National GTA Sports Sportsnet Entertainment Life Video Weather Extras News Tips News Alerts Inside CityNews Our Team About Us Contact Us Apps LISTEN LIVE LOCAL VIDEO NEWS TIPS Loading articles... Happy birthday! iPhone turns 10 by News Staff Posted Jan 9, 2017 9:37 am EST Tech World Steve Jobs on the stage at Macworld 2007 introducing the iPhone Happy birthday iPhone! Monday marks the 10th anniversary since the late Apple CEO Steve Jobs announced “Apple is going to reinvent the phone” and introducing the iPhone to the world. Some of the key features of the original iPhone were that it was a three-in-one gadget (mobile phone, Internet communications device and widescreen iPod), featured a patented “Multi-touch” input method, a 2.0-megapixel integrated camera, a 3.5-inch screen and was available in either 4GB or 8GB options. Apple rode the wave of iPhone’s popularity to become one of the top technology companies in the world. On July 27, 2016, the company announced it had sold its one billionth iPhone. While sales of the device slowed last year, the company is set to deliver a new iPhone in the fall of 2017. –––– Following is part of the transcript of Steve Jobs’ speech introducing the iPhone at Macworld 2007: “This is a day I’ve been looking forward to for two-and-a-half years. Every once in a while, a revolutionary product comes along that changes everything. And Apple has been – well, first of all, one’s very fortunate if you get to work on just one of these in your career. Apple’s been very fortunate. It’s been able to introduce a few of these into the world. In 1984, we introduced the Macintosh. It didn’t just change Apple, it changed the whole computer industry. In 2001, we introduced the first iPod, and… it didn’t just – it didn’t just change the way we all listen to music, it changed the entire music industry. Well, today, we’re introducing three revolutionary products of this class. The first one: is a widescreen iPod with touch controls. The second: is a revolutionary mobile phone. And the third is a breakthrough Internet communications device. So, three things: a widescreen iPod with touch controls; a revolutionary mobile phone; and a breakthrough Internet communications device. An iPod, a phone, and an Internet communicator. An iPod, a phone … are you getting it? These are not three separate devices, this is one device, and we are calling it iPhone. Today, today Apple is going to reinvent the phone, and here it is.” Join the conversation Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Edit Profile | Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Comment Please read our commenting policies Watch Now CityNews live broadcasts Click the video below to watch CityNews & breaking news live. Listen Now 680 NEWS live --:-- Next Story "> Posted LOCAL NATIONAL Two men sought after man stabbed in Oakville Jan 15, 2017, 7:05 AM Man killed in single vehicle crash in Brampton Jan 15, 2017, 6:58 AM Four critically injured in head-on crash northwest of Toronto Jan 14, 2017, 9:52 PM Suspect arrested after serious stabbing in Etobicoke Jan 14, 2017, 6:16 PM Porter Airlines flights resume after system outage Jan 14, 2017, 5:13 PM Three charged after copper plates stolen from moving train: police Jan 14, 2017, 4:14 PM No winning ticket in Saturday's $20-million Lotto 649 draw Jan 15, 2017, 7:24 AM Reconciliation more than land acknowledgments, Aboriginal groups say Jan 14, 2017, 9:40 AM Trump fallout, elections and paying rent: 3 ways politics touched us this week Jan 14, 2017, 7:30 AM No winning ticket for Friday's $34.8-million Lotto Max jackpot Jan 14, 2017, 1:09 AM Wildfire's return stalls recovery plans for Fort McMurray oilsands industry May 17, 2016, 8:06 AM Retiring star Hayley Wickenheiser paved the way for female hockey players Jan 13, 2017, 11:18 PM LIFE SPORTSNET ENTERTAINMENT SickKids researchers map genome of beaver for Canada's 150th birthday Jan 13, 2017, 4:28 PM Almost half of money earmarked for low income students being diverted by TDSB: report Jan 12, 2017, 11:30 AM Event-filled weekend to chase away the January blues Jan 12, 2017, 10:52 AM Toronto police identify first murder victim of 2017 Jan 09, 2017, 4:18 PM Three for the road: Loose moose keep officers on the run in Newfoundland Jan 06, 2017, 8:00 AM Washington Post makes big error on women's cover Jan 05, 2017, 11:24 AM Big Read: The evolution of Eugenie Bouchard Jan 15, 2017, 10:59 AM How Jeff Petry has become the Canadiens’ most important defenceman Jan 15, 2017, 3:39 PM 20 Fantasy Thoughts: Patrick Maroon finds home in Edmonton Jan 15, 2017, 1:37 PM Capitals take 1st place in NHL with blowout win over Flyers Jan 15, 2017, 4:42 PM Blue Jays’ Russell Martin expected to play shortstop at WBC Jan 15, 2017, 1:59 PM Canadian 'SNL' and 'SCTV' alum Tony Rosato dead at the age of 62 Jan 11, 2017, 8:49 PM Drake pays tribute to Obama with bizarre Instagram picture Jan 11, 2017, 9:32 AM Streep takes on Trump, he calls her an 'overrated actress' Jan 09, 2017, 8:54 AM 16 arrested over Kardashian West jewelry heist: Paris police Jan 09, 2017, 5:39 AM Golden Globes goes gaga for 'La La Land' Jan 08, 2017, 11:19 PM Home About Us Contact Us Download App Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 333 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario M4W 1G9 © 2002-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Lenovo P2 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Honor 6X Moto Z Play Xiaomi Mi Mix OnePlus 3T Motorola Moto M Uber hikes taxi fare by up to 15 per cent AIIMS joins hands with MobiKwik to become cashless OnePlus 3, 3T start receiving Android Nougat in India Microsoft Surface Pro 5 2-in-1 may launch in Q1 2017 Home > Technology > Apple rumoured to launch three iPads including a new 10.5 inch model in March Rahul Sethi   |   @techysethi Last Updated: JAN 09, 2017 New Delhi Email Author Apple could be launching its next set of iPads pretty soon, but if rumours are anything to go by, it will come in three different sizes. Also Read: iPhone turns 10 today, Apple says best yet to come KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has predicted the Cupertino giant will be launching three iPad variants this March -- the successor to biggest 12.9 inch iPad Pro, the successor to 9.7 inch iPad and a newly-designed 10-inch or 10.5-inch iPad. Changes to iPad's have been rumoured since long. In November, information leaked on a Japanese blog revealed that Apple will remove the physical home button from its iPad and the bezel beside it to gain screen size. This will allow Apple to sell a bigger screen iPad with screen size to the tune of 10.9 inches but made having the form factor of its 9.7-inch variant. The prediction about a 10 or 10.5-inch iPad could be based on a similar story. But it also reveals that Apple will not give up on its usual iPad sizes it launched last year. Though a 10-inch screen size is barely larger than the usual 9.7-inch iPad, the size difference hints the company could actually be launching an tablet with zero bezel and best innards an iPad ever had. Both the bigger-size variants will be powered by the purported A10X chip -- the improved variant of what Apple used on iPhone 7, information about which leaked in October last year on benchmark site Geekbench. The scores meant the next iPad could be as fast as a laptop, manufactured by Taiwanese semiconductor chip maker TMSC. Also Read: Apple iPad Pro review: The world isn't ready for it And despite the size difference, the mid-size variant could be the most premium tablet offering from Apple. Soon, maybe this March itself, we'll know for sure. For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Legion hackers: Who are they and how they are hacking Indian Twitter celebrities Android malware Gooligan affects over 1 million Google accounts iPhone 8: Everything you need to know about anniversary-special Apple phone OnePlus 3T review: Best phone in India right now Reviews Lenovo P2 Review: Battery in this one lasts long, and then lasts some more BlackBerry DTEK60 review: A different kind of flagship Bose QuietComfort 35 review: If music is magic, this is the greatest wizard Asus ZenFone 3 Deluxe review: Making a point Lenovo K6 Note review: Another Note in the wall VIDEOS Nokia 6: Everything that you should know Watch: Garmin Forerunner 35 review 5 smartphones to look out for in 2017 in India more Tech Tips OnePlus 3 and Android Nougat: If you can't wait, get it manually in easy steps Tips to take stunning photos using smartphone Here are 4 tips to use Paytm safely Yahoo hack: Lessons to learn from biggest data breach ever Twitter security for dummies: How to keep your account safe more Talking Points Javed AnweriPhone at 10: It once changed the world, now time for Apple to change it Priya PathakDid you hear about Airtel's free data offer? No, it's not free Javed AnwerDear social media users, please don't be stupid in 2017 Javed AnwerDear Indians, have mercy on others and STOP using Truecaller Javed AnwerNo, Jio is not making a Rs 999 VoLTE phone. Not yet more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español iPhone 2007, meet 2017 Digging out the original iPhone to give it a spin in today's world. Sarah Tew/CNET Phones by Scott Stein January 9, 2017 5:00 AM PST @jetscott Up Next Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS It's so small. When you think of a phone, you're probably imagining something wide, larger-screened, beefy. This thing I'm holding is more like an old iPod. It feels like a heavy, polished stone. That's probably because it really is, basically, an evolved iPod. In fact, that's one-third of the tech trifecta that Steve Jobs pitched when he unveiled the original iPhone at the MacWorld keynote on Jan. 9, 2007: "A widescreen iPod with touch controls; a revolutionary mobile phone; and a breakthrough internet communications device." The punchline? It wasn't three separate devices, it was one breakthrough handheld that did it all. The iPhone: 2007, meet 2017 It was different, it was bold. How is it now? Ten years later, we dug up the original iPhone to give it another spin. by Scott Stein 2:24 Close Drag I bought this iPhone back in the summer of 2007, right before I got married. I took it on my honeymoon. I wrote my wedding speech on it. After I used it, my wife had it. When I dug it back out of storage, it was sticker-covered and missing a few pixels. But 10 years later, it still turns on. It still (mostly) works. I lived with it for a week -- well, sort of. I couldn't get it to accept a SIM card, so it was a Wi-Fi-only affair. But spending a few days with the original iPhone made me realize just how different that early phone world was -- and how much current tech we take for granted. 21 Apple's original iPhone 10 years later What's different: The shocking world of 2007 The iPhone was unveiled in San Francisco in January of 2007, and went on sale in June of that year. The AT&T exclusive was competing with such state of the art products as the Palm Treo 700, the BlackBerry Curve 8300, the Samsung Blackjack (running Windows Mobile!) and the Nokia N95. With no physical keyboard, the touchscreen iPhone rewrote the rules of the game. But 10 years on, touchscreens are so normal that it's hard to imagine how new it was. Seriously, it was small (and thick). The first thing that strikes anyone who picks up the original iPhone is how small it is. Phones just aren't like that anymore. Those curved sides are familiar: they're a bit like the Apple Watch, but on a larger scale. Curved chrome edges and a matte aluminum back give it a classic look. It needed your computer and iTunes (a lot). The original iPhone needed to plug into a Mac to update software or transfer music or back up data. It didn't sync information to iCloud -- or "Mobile Me," as its precursor was called. It wasn't independent. It was a wireless, phone-connected iPod. (That's why I had to use it on Wi-Fi only -- because it wouldn't fully work with my Mac anymore to initiate the SIM setup process.) It didn't have an App Store. The first iPhone couldn't download apps. It was stuck with the built-in ones Apple included. But my old iPhone has an App Store because it was later updated to iOS 3. Still, most apps don't work anymore. iTunes crashes, and while the App Store lets me browse apps, I can't download any - most ask me to install iOS 8, which I can't. My sticker-covered iPhone (2007) next to the iPhone 7 Plus.Photo by Sarah Tew/CNET It only has AT&T Edge cellular service. If I had been able to get this iPhone up and running on a cellular network, I'd be stuck with 2G data speeds on what was then called AT&T's Edge network. 3G speeds didn't arrive until the second-gen iPhone 3G in 2008. Even Wi-Fi is slower. 802.11 b/g was the best it got. On my office and home Wi-Fi, it lags well behind my iPhone 7's LTE connection. Safari works... but it's so, so slow. I load Google. I try loading CNET. I wait for a story to appear. NY Times, ESPN: The web's no longer built for old Safari. But I remember how even loading the internet at all on a tiny mobile display seemed like magic at the time. Facebook's app works, but I try logging out, and the process takes so long that I put the phone down to get a coffee. No GPS. Google Maps still works on the original iPhone, and it can approximate location by cell towers and Wi-Fi hotspots, but it can't do turn-by-turn navigation while driving. That hadn't arrived yet. No Siri. That didn't arrive until iPhone 4S. Check out that recessed headphone jack.Photo by James Martin/CNET No smarter Bluetooth. The 2007 iPhone had Bluetooth, but it couldn't link to a smartwatch or send out notifications. Bluetooth didn't allow smart accessories yet -- it was mainly used for audio. Its headphone jack was weird. The original iPhone used a 3.5 mm headphone jack when many phones at the time where using smaller 2.5 mm ports or proprietary adapters for headsets. But in a strange design decision, Apple recessed the jack so far into the body that only long, thin headphone plugs worked. When I used the 2007 iPhone, I bought a Belkin extension dongle separately. Some things don't change. But at least it works with modern EarPods. A small, small screen. The iPhone's display feels so small -- just 3.5 inches, measured diagonally. That's smaller than a credit card (which is 4 inches). And that screen just doesn't look good. Sure, it's 10 years old. But the colors look so washed out compared to new iPhones. Apple's older app design in iOS 3 is less vibrant, more muddled. But it still functions, except for a row of nonworking pixels near the top. Viewing angles are seriously compromised, though. I load up a few episodes of "Jericho" and CNET's Digital City podcast via the iPod app (they were still on my iPhone), and they all look really muddy in night scenes. Blacks and grays blur, and if I tilt the iPhone to the side a bit, the picture disappears. No flash. No selfie. No video.Photo by Sarah Tew/CNET Seriously basic camera. The original iPhone had a camera. That camera could only take still shots: no video. This camera app didn't have any "features." You couldn't zoom, even digitally. You couldn't edit photos. There was no flash. You could do this: snap a shot, and send it to someone. That's it. And by "send it to someone," I mean email. Also, the original iPhone didn't have a front-facing camera. Did I mention that yet? Selfies didn't exist. A new outdoor photo with the original iPhone makes NYC look like the 1970s.Photo by Scott Stein/CNET Compared with the iPhone 7 Plus, the original iPhone's photos are fuzzy, hazy, blurred, like an impressionist painting. It can't focus on close-up objects, and lots of details get washed out. 15 Here's what the 2007 iPhone's photos look like And yet, when I posted a photo to Facebook (Facebook's app, still on my iPhone, let me send a photo after I waited for several minutes), someone said, "It's surprisingly... OK?" Many apps don't work anymore. I click on the brown TV-shaped YouTube app. It won't load either. Welcome to today's internet for yesterday's gadgets. And I found email unable to connect to my accounts. I couldn't connect with one of my work Wi-Fi hotspots. Functions were broken everywhere. Typing is rough. That tiny, tiny on-screen keyboard pops up and all the keys look like Tic-Tacs. I make a number of typos. I remember, vaguely, that I used to learn to trust autocorrect as I jabbed away with my thumbs: iPhone typing was more about a shorthand. I somehow wrote my whole wedding speech on my iPhone in the Notes app. I'm not sure how I did that. 21 Apple's original iPhone 10 years later And yet, the iPhone was also far ahead of its time Of course, who would expect a decade-old product to feel fresh and new? None of those flashbacks to the early days of the iPhone were a surprise. What was somewhat shocking was just how familiar and modern the old iPhone felt. For a 10-year-old phone, that's amazing -- and a testament to just how groundbreaking the product was. And is. Its size is perfect. Aside from a small screen, the original iPhone feels amazing. I can grab it easily, and swipe all across the screen with one thumb. It's comforting and solid. iPhones, now, feel wide and fragile by comparison. Basic buttons are familiar. There's a Home Button, a power button and headphone jack at the top. Side volume buttons. And a proprietary Apple jack which requires a specific cable to charge. The only difference is that it needs a wide 30-pin connector, not Lightning. So comfy.Photo by Sarah Tew/CNET That touchscreen works mostly the same. Going all-touchscreen was an amazing feat in 2007, so much so that people gathered around to see it for themselves. The iPhone still handles touch pretty well, and its basic touch language is still the same 10 years later. The iPhone now has pressure sensitivity, advanced haptic feedback, and more touch gestures. But Apple nailed that basic interface right from day one -- including the iconic "pinch and zoom" -- and defined it for everyone else. It's a great music player, but with just 8GB of storage. Music is great, though -- maybe the best thing about the original iPhone. Thanks to the iPod app and a pair of Apple earphones, music sounds better than even my current iPhone. Maybe that's because there are decent quality MP3s on it instead of streamed music. Of course, you can't store much. 8GB is the phone's total storage, so you can have maybe a thousand songs, more or less? In fact, the entry-level 2007 model was a mere 4GB. iPods at the time were 60GB and more. I kept dreaming of an iPhone large enough to hold my collection of ripped CDs. That time arrived recently thanks to the 128GB iPhone, but by then everything was in the cloud. Old iPhone works with new headphones.Photo by Sarah Tew/CNET Pandora still works, too (but not in the background). They Might Be Giants radio plays with a track called "Cells" from Here Comes Science. It sounds great. It loads pretty reasonably. But I leave Pandora and am surprised to find that the song stops playing. This iPhone can't run apps in the background. Google Maps feels pretty decent. The traffic patterns flow in, though. I see Manhattan in satellite mode. This still feels close to what exists now. Two-finger taps and zooms work, but I can't rotate the map with my fingers. Still, this was absolutely revolutionary to have back in 2007, and nothing else at the time came close. Photo by Sarah Tew/CNET Today's iPhone 7 Plus: The large, connected beast I switch back to the iPhone 7 Plus, the phone I use most days. It's massive, like a diving board. But it's so thin, its display so fantastic and bright. And it's absurdly fast. Apps melt together, I switch through screens and functions instantly. It's a learned behavior. In 2017, the iPhone is the computer. It's everything. It isn't tethered to a laptop anymore -- there's no home base. The cloud is its syncing partner. Everything runs directly to it. And so do we. Rather than the iPhone being a peripheral, peripherals now exist for it: fitness trackers, headphones, cases and chargers. Not to mention the Apple Watch. I look at the Apple Watch on my wrist. It's small, bulbous, and a little limited. Is this tiny thing going to be what the iPhone once was? Maybe not. But it reminds me more of the original iPhone than the new iPhone. Then I look back at that old iPhone, the one I used to rub nervously in my hand. That smooth screen. I still do it sometimes. Clicking the home button. We all do. The iPhone was the moment I started sending things along to others more automatically. I started checking the news, the weather, emailing, keeping a little gadget in my pocket that could be my survival tool. I'd never be alone. It was a unique thing among weird phones, BlackBerrys, hobbled semi-smart devices and aging PDAs. There were Palm Treo phones and smart pocket computers, but everyone on the subways and in the streets had an iPod. The iPhone was both, and that's what made it cool. It felt like a secret party trick. Now, everything's connected. We're inundated with communication. To be disconnected is a fantasy, or an anxiety. I try to keep the phone in my pocket more. But I usually don't succeed. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Phones Steve Jobs 9 Design 8 Features 9 Performance 9 Camera CNET Review Apple iPhone 7 Beneath a familiar design, the iPhone 7 adds some great improvements, including more speed, water resistance, and a better camera. But there is one thing missing. $649.00 See it Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Jan 15 Apple tries to prove your AirPods won't fall out Jan 13 CNET UK podcast 511: Wafer thin TVs and why Ron Swanson would destroy Vegas Jan 13 Tablets built for Netflix and chill (among other things) Jan 12 Apple MacBook Pro now gets thumbs-up from Consumer Reports All Apple Stories Related Stories Bendable and foldable phones are coming. Are you ready? Attack of the $400 phone New Moto phone may debut next month in Barcelona 7 of the Best Phones for 2017 Close   Discuss: iPhone 2007, meet 2017 Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Foxconn / Sharp Plan to Manufacture OLED Displays at an iPhone Plant in China | Main | LG & Samsung Set to Announce Future Plants in the U.S. Due to President-Elect Trump's 'Made in America' Pledge » January 09, 2017 Apple's iPhone at Ten: The Revolution Continues   Yesterday Patently Apple posted a report titled "Tomorrow Marks the Tenth Anniversary of Steve Jobs Introducing the Revolutionary iPhone." The report touched on a series of photos from the introductory keynote of 2007 and a video to help us remember that historic moment when Steve Jobs introduced a mobile revolution that began with the iPhone.Today Apple has posted a few jumbo photos including one of the late Steve Jobs that you might want to download for your records.   Apple's Press release starts with "January 9 marks the tenth anniversary of iPhone's blockbuster debut. At Macworld 2007 in San Francisco, Steve Jobs introduced the world to iPhone as three products in one — "a widescreen iPod with touch controls, a revolutionary mobile phone and a breakthrough internet communications device." In the ten years since, iPhone has enriched the lives of people around the world with over one billion units sold. It quickly grew into a revolutionary platform for hardware, software and services integration, and inspired new products, including iPad and Apple Watch, along with millions of apps that have become essential to people's daily lives. Tim Cook, Apple's CEO said for this occasion that the "iPhone is an essential part of our customers' lives, and today more than ever it is redefining the way we communicate, entertain, work and live. iPhone set the standard for mobile computing in its first decade and we are just getting started. The best is yet to come."   Philip Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing added that "It is amazing that from the very first iPhone through to today's newest iPhone 7 Plus, it has remained the gold standard by which all other smartphones are judged. For many of us, iPhone has become the most essential device in our lives and we love it. "iPhone is how we make voice and FaceTime calls, how we shoot and share Live Photos and 4K videos, how we listen to streaming music, how we use social media, how we play games, how we get directions and find new places, how we pay for things, how we surf the web, do email, manage our contacts and calendars, how we listen to podcasts, watch TV, movies and sports, and how we manage our fitness and health. iPhone has become all of these things and more. And I believe we are just getting started."   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.   Posted by Jack Purcher on January 09, 2017 at 06:33 AM | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts The Danger of Samsung Tanking Korea's Economy if their Chief Goes to Jail Weighs Heavily on Special Prosecution A New Patent Troll Lawsuit Claims that Apple's 'Messages' App Infringes their Acquired Patent from Voice Express Jimmy Iovine Confirms that Apple is creating an Entire Pop Cultural Experience for Apple Music Apple Releases Four TV Ads for AirPods Covering Notes, Siri, Pairing and Strolling A Next-Gen Smartphone Designed by Ex-Apple and Google Engineers will Launch Later this Year An Apple Pencil Patent describes a 3D Antenna and Magnet for Attaching to External Objects Apple Rumored to be Advancing the Anniversary iPhone's Water Resistance Feature to a Higher Level Samsung & Foxconn Jointly Invest in Israeli firm Core Photonics Possibly Delaying a Dual Lens Camera for Galaxy S8 It's a Long Shot, but TSMC wouldn't rule out Opening a U.S. Plant to Support U.S. Customers like Apple and Qualcomm Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related, Indoor Mapping Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple’s iPhone turns 10 Zach Epstein BGR NewsJanuary 9, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Exactly 10 years ago today, Apple co-founder and former CEO Steve Jobs took to the stage at the now defunct annual Macworld conference in San Francisco to unveil the iPhone. Putting an end to years of rumors and speculation, Jobs described the tiny new device as “a widescreen iPod with touch controls, a revolutionary mobile phone and a breakthrough internet communications device.” Reactions in the media were mixed at the time, but reactions from Apple’s rivals were not: the giants of the smartphone industry all laughed off the iPhone as a device that could never compete with industry leaders. Behind closed doors, one Nokia executive told me at the time that Nokia was a fisherman and Apple was a fly buzzing around its head. Now, 10 years later, smartphone giants have all been toppled. Nokia and BlackBerry have all but exited the smartphone market, and Microsoft’s share of global smartphones sales is practically too small to count. Meanwhile, Apple has grown to become the most valuable company on the planet, all thanks to the tremendous success of the iPhone. Don't Miss: Only power users know about these secret iPhone features Compared to other smartphones at the time, Apple’s iPhone really didn’t seem like much. The lack of a physical 0-9 or QWERTY keyboard was uncommon at the time, but companies like LG and HTC had already dabbled with similar designs. In terms of functionality, the iPhone was incredibly limited. It had most of the main functions covered — phone, messaging, a web browser, and so on — but it did not support third-party apps like Symbian, BlackBerry and Windows Mobile. Funny how that turned out beginning one year later when Apple introduced the App Store, a revolutionary on-device portal that changed the way people find and install third-party mobile apps. “iPhone is an essential part of our customers’ lives, and today more than ever it is redefining the way we communicate, entertain, work and live,” Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a press release on Monday. “iPhone set the standard for mobile computing in its first decade and we are just getting started. The best is yet to come.” Apple marketing boss Phil Schiller had even more to say. #iPhone 1-9-07 10 years and over a billion sold pic.twitter.com/tmd97kFauM — Philip Schiller (@pschiller) January 9, 2017 “It is amazing that from the very first iPhone through to today’s newest iPhone 7 Plus, it has remained the gold standard by which all other smartphones are judged. For many of us, iPhone has become the most essential device in our lives and we love it,” Schiller said in the same press release. “iPhone is how we make voice and FaceTime calls, how we shoot and share Live Photos and 4K videos, how we listen to streaming music, how we use social media, how we play games, how we get directions and find new places, how we pay for things, how we surf the web, do email, manage our contacts and calendars, how we listen to podcasts, watch TV, movies and sports, and how we manage our fitness and health. iPhone has become all of these things and more. And I believe we are just getting started.” Apple has come quite a long way indeed, and it has pulled the rest of the industry along with it — literally. Before the iPhone was unveiled, Google was developing the Android operating system as a BlackBerry clone. And Samsung began its rise to the top of the smartphone market by copying Apple’s iPhone pixel by pixel. Smartphones have become the central point of our digital lives, and Apple is the company responsible for the transformation that has taken place over the past decade. Below, you’ll find a video of Apple’s full Macworld 2007 keynote, where Steve Jobs introduced the world to the first-generation Apple iPhone. And here’s a reminder of what Apple’s website looked like following the unveiling of the iPhone in January 2007. Courtesy of the Internet Archive, here's Apple's original January 2007 iPhone site. https://t.co/1y4fyXtSCj pic.twitter.com/6HsqmUSv64 — Harry McCracken (@harrymccracken) January 9, 2017 Trending right now: This is Nokia’s first Android-based iPhone 7 rival Here’s what a Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus looks like after 3 months without a case Listen to Mark Hamill read a Donald Trump tweet as the Joker from Batman See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update International Business Times Showdown in the South China Sea: China’s artificial islands explained Digital Trends Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech 2017 Honda Accord Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Got 50 bucks burning a hole in your pocket? Here’s the best tech to spend it on Digital Trends $40 device doubles the storage of your 32GB iPhone 7 or 7 Plus BGR News
Product Reviews Top Products Appliances Babies & Kids Cars Electronics Health Home & Garden Money All Products A-Z All Product Reviews Appliances Dishwashers Refrigerators Vacuum Cleaners Washing Machines Babies & Kids Car Seats Children’s Health High Chairs Strollers Cars Car Batteries New Cars Tires Used Cars Electronics Digital Cameras Laptops Printers TVs Health Blood Pressure Monitors Sunscreens Treadmills Vitamins & Supplements Home & Garden Mattresses Paints Toilets Water Filters Money Car Insurance Credit Cards Homeowners Insurance Supermarkets All Product ReviewsAppliances Most Popular Air Purifiers Clothes Dryers Cooktops & Wall Ovens Dishwashers Microwave Ovens Ranges Refrigerators Vacuum Cleaners Washing Machines Water Heaters All Appliances More on Appliances Humidifiers and Space Heaters That Think Outside the Box NewsVideosHome Services All Product ReviewsBabies & Kids Most Popular Air Purifiers Car Seats Children’s Health Doctors & Hospitals Food Health Insurance High Chairs Humidifiers Insect Repellent Strollers All Babies & Kids More on Babies & Kids Why Kids Should Stay Longer in Rear-Facing Car Seats NewsVideosHome Services All Product ReviewsCars Ratings & Recommended Cars New Cars Ratings Used Cars Ratings Best & Worst Lists Ratings by Type Pickup Trucks Sedans Small Cars SUVs More Ready to Shop All Car Buying & Pricing Advice Best New Car Deals Build & Buy Car Buying Service Used Car Marketplace For Owners All Maintenance & Repair Car Battery Ratings Jump Starter Ratings Tire Ratings All Cars More on Cars Staying Power: Find the Most Reliable Car NewsVideos All Product ReviewsElectronics Most Popular Cordless Phones Digital Cameras Headphones Laptops Printers Smartphones Sound Bars Tablets TVs Wireless Routers All Electronics More on Electronics 66 Ways to Protect Your Privacy Right Now NewsVideosHome Services All Product ReviewsHealth Most Popular Doctors & Hospitals Electric Shavers Elliptical Exercisers Exercise Bikes Food Health Insurance Hearing Aids Heart Rate Monitors Treadmills Vitamins & Supplements All Health More on Health 15 Supplement Ingredients to Always Avoid NewsVideos All Product ReviewsHome & Garden Most Popular Cookware Decking Material Flooring Generators Leaf Blowers Mattresses Paints Toilets Water Filters Windows All Home & Garden More on Home & Garden How to Choose a Mattress That Works For Any Couple NewsVideosHome Services All Product ReviewsMoney Most Popular Airline Travel Banks & Credit Unions Car Insurance Credit Cards Eyeglass Stores Homeowners Insurance Pharmacies Prepaid Cards Luggage Supermarkets All Money More on Money Think Twice Before Signing Up for Store Credit Cards NewsVideos News Take Action Back SIGN THE PETITION Let’s End Surprise Medical Bills My health insurance should cover me when I need it. Close loopholes that can leave me huge surprise medical bills.Take Action Why Do We Have Campaigns? We're fighting to ensure you and your family can get a fair deal in the marketplace, especially on the choices that matter most: health care, privacy, automobiles, food, finances and more. Join our campaigns and together, we'll hold corporations and lawmakers accountable. Learn more about our work About Us Subscribe Buy Digital Subscription Buy Magazine Subscription Donate One-Time Donation Monthly Giving SearchAll Products A-Z Subscribe Buy Digital Subscription Buy Magazine Subscription Donate One-Time Donation Monthly Giving iPhone Turns 10: How It Became a Cultural Icon Apple's bedrock product launched a world of apps, selfies, and mobile entertainment. Here's how it happened. By Mike Gikas and Allen St. John January 08, 2017 SHARES 0 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share via email Print Sharing is nice! To: From: Yes, send me a copy of this email. Send We respect your privacy. ALL email addresses you provide will be used just for sending this story. Thanks for sharing. Oops, we messed up. Try again later “Every once in a while, a revolutionary product comes along that changes everything," Apple CEO Steve Jobs said as he introduced the first iPhone in San Francisco on January 9, 2007. Any number of CEOs have made similar claims, but Jobs’s words proved to be prophetic.  Ten years after that presentation, more than a billion units have been sold, a generation of app developers has emerged to fill the App Store, and the iPhone has become a cornerstone product of one of the most valuable companies in the world. Here’s a timeline of the most important events in the decade-long history of Apple’s landmark device. January 9, 2007: The iPhone Is Introduced Annual iPhone introductions helped cement Steve Jobs' status as a technology rock star. Photo: Apple When the faithful assembled at San Francisco’s Moscone Center in early January 2007, they had an inkling that Apple would be introducing something special, but they didn’t know exactly what. Ever the showman, Steve Jobs milked that uncertainty for all it was worth. He announced that Apple would be introducing three sexy products: "The first one is a widescreen iPod with touch controls. The second is a revolutionary mobile phone. And the third is a breakthrough internet communications device.” And then he delivered the punch line. “These are not three separate devices, this is one device.” Despite a few naysayers—“OMG it’s the Newton reborn!” wrote one internet wag, referring to a long-dead Apple personal digital assistant—reaction to the genre-busting smartphone was overwhelmingly swift and positive. Consumer Reports wrote that for Apple to enter the smartphone market, "it would have to be with a technology that is both transformative and disruptive. The new Apple iPhone, set to ship this coming June, is poised to be that rule breaker." When the iPhone reached customers six months later, it wasn’t the first smartphone—internet-enabled models from Palm, Nokia, Motorola and Blackberry were already on the market, mainly serving business people—but Apple’s sleek, black touchscreen device became the first smartphone that millions of people wanted in their personal lives. Consumer Reports testers liked the iPhone's touchscreen and features such a visual voicemail, but thought it stumbled in some other respects. "In voice-quality tests, the iPhone’s performance has been undistinguished at best," we wrote. And, surprising as it seems now, we noted that the phone had "no voice-activated dialing and offers no easy way to access frequently called numbers."  June 9, 2008: Apple Announces iPhone 3G While the 3G was just an incremental update from a technical point of view, it featured one game-changing improvement: A much lower price. “Just one year after launching the iPhone, we're launching the new iPhone 3G that is twice as fast at half the price,” said Jobs. Apple’s research revealed that despite the iPhone’s success, 56 percent of potential buyers said they didn’t buy the phone because of the price. The original price of an 8GB iPhone was $599, with an AT&T contract. (A couple of months after after release Apple dropped the price to $399.) The price of an 8GB 3G? Only $199, after Apple convinced the carrier to front a significant portion of the price. The phone would be released to the public one month later, after another major Apple introduction—the App Store. July 10, 2008: Apple’s App Store Opens Apple's App Store was an instant hit, with 10 million downloads in its first weekend alone. Over its first three decades, Apple had built its computer business on a key principle: Keeping tight control of both hardware and software development. So it had come as a shock when, on March 6, 2008, the company announced that it would open iPhone software development to coders of all stripes, and release an iPhone SDK—or software developer kit—to make that process easy. Apple’s new direction meant that practically anyone could build software for the sexiest tech gadget of the decade. With 250,000 downloads of the SDK by early June, app development became first a cottage industry and then a global one, with multinationals and regular guys in Mom’s basement competing to produce all kind of apps, including games as addictive as Angry Birds. While it was crowd-sourcing an army of developers, Apple also created a place where they could sell their wares (while giving Apple a 30 percent cut, of course). At the App Store, consumers could congregate at a single site to safely buy and download apps. When it opened for business, the store had 552 apps—including now-iconic titles like the music-ID app Shazam! Today the App Store has 2.2 million apps. That opening weekend in July 2008, users downloaded more than 10 million copies of apps. Since then, Apple has recorded more than 140 billion downloads. And in what could be the surest sign of the App Store’s mega-star status, within two years Sesame Street even created a loving parody of Apple’s “There’s an app for that” commercial.  July 11, 2008: iPhone 3G Ships Apple put its iPhone 3G into the hands of users one day after announcing the App Store. It had taken the company 74 days to sell 1 million original iPhones. By comparison, the lower-priced 3G sold 1 million units in its first weekend on sale, on its way to sales of 20 million devices. The introduction of the 3G marked the beginning of an unofficial annual "upgrade season," in which consumers lined up—and in many cases camped out—in front of Apple stores to secure the first new iPhones on their block. Consumer Reports ran the iPhone 3G through our labs and found the display quality brilliant, the interface intuitive, and the voice quality improved from the first iPhone. But we were most intrigued by the hundreds (yes, just hundreds) of offerings in the App Store. "One we found hard to put down," we wrote, was "SEGA's Super Monkey Ball, which takes advantage of iPhone's accelerometer by having you tilt the phone to get the animated monkey to travel a maze rife with pitfalls.)" June 7, 2010: iPhone 4 Enables the Selfie The front-facing camera on the iPhone 4 was designed for FaceTime video chat, but it's biggest impact was enabling users to take selfies. Sure, with its hardened-glass front and back panels, high-resolution retina display, and flat metal sides that doubled as an antenna, the iPhone 4 represented the first radical redesign of the original iPhone. But it was a feature that seemed like a throwaway at the time that turned out to be the real game-changer: A front-facing camera for the new FaceTime video chat service, and, yes, selfies.  Although photographic historians will tell you that the first selfie was taken in 1839, the iPhone 4 helped power a trend that reached a milestone in 2013 when “selfie” was chosen as “word of the year” by the Oxford Dictionaries. July 16, 2010: CR Investigates iPhone 4 Signal Problem Consumer Reports testers confirmed that just touching a particular spot on the phone 4 caused a signal loss significant enough to drop calls. After testing the new iPhone 4, Consumer Reports engineers confirmed what users of the phone had already been saying: That the phone frequently dropped calls. Specifically, the signal-loss problem occurred when a user touched a spot on the phone's lower left side. CR decided not to recommend the phone, but its technicians did find an affordable solution for iPhone 4 users: Cover the antenna gap with a piece of duct tape. On July 16, Jobs held a press conference addressing “Antenna-gate,” while name-checking Consumer Reports—and offering new and existing iPhone 4 owners a free case to fix the problem. That did address the signal losses, but it wasn’t enough to earn a recommendation from CR. October 4, 2011: Siri Launches with iPhone 4s While iPhone users had been speaking to their phones for years, the 4s was the first one to actually talk back. Consumer Reports described the new feature as "an intriguing voice-activated feature called Siri that accepts and responds to verbal commands in a conversational manner previously possible only in science fiction." Siri owes her personality to a voice-over actress named Susan Bennett who had recorded her parts six years earlier for what she thought would be a company voicemail system. The iPhone 4s solved the signal-loss issues that had plagued the 4, and Consumer Reports recommended it, while noting that it was far from the top-rated phone in the ratings. Android phones had long since entered the market, and brought consumers a wide variety of sizes, features, and prices. In 2011, we wrote, "Top scorers included the Samsung Galaxy S II phones, the Motorola Droid Bionic, and several other phones," including the LG Thrill and Motorola Droid Bionic. The iPhone 4s was the first Apple device to work with carriers beyond AT&T. And it was the final Apple product introduced during Jobs’ life; the Apple visionary and cofounder died of pancreatic cancer one day later, on October 5. September 20, 2013: iPhone 5s Brings Fingerprint Scanning Maybe it was just the maturation of a product line, but by the product’s sixth anniversary, Apple’s iPhone’s launches had become less than earth-shattering (even while its rival Android phones were becoming more innovative). The 5s was a high-scoring phone in Consumer Reports testing, thought it represented only incremental change from the previous iPhone 5, which itself was an incremental improvement over the 4s (albeit with a larger screen.) The 5s’ most notable feature? What we called "a surprisingly reliable" fingerprint reader that allowed a user to unlock the phone without a password. The 5c, introduced at the same time, was just an inexpensive iPhone—$100 with a two-year contract—in a colorful plastic case. It performed well, similarly to an iPhone 5, and sold 24 million units. However, the 5c was dismissed as sales failure by Apple standard; analysts surmised that a “budget” model ran counter to the company's upmarket image. September 14, 2014: iPhone 6 Plus Prompts 'Bendgate' Controversy CR's tests confirmed the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were tougher than the 'Bendgate' rumors, though other phones proved more resilient. The 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus went on sale as the largest Apple phone ever, and almost immediately, the Internet erupted with photos of bent phones, and even a viral video of a guy creasing an iPhone 6 Plus with his bare hands. Consumer Reports investigated the rumor of flimsy construction using a high-precision Instron compression test machine. The verdict: Both the iPhone 6 Plus and the smaller iPhone 6 proved more rigid than YouTube videos suggested—though less rugged than the iPhone 5 and phones from Samsung and LG that we used for comparison. That issue aside, Consumer Reports said that the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were among the best smartphones we had ever tested, "providing excellent reasons for Android-clasping smartphone users to give them a try." Testers gave the displays high marks for color accuracy, contrast, and readability in bright light. And they appreciated improved battery life, with the iPhone 6 Plus hitting 17 hours of talk time. September 7, 2016: iPhone 7 Does Away with Headphone Jack The iPhone 7 was the first Apple phone to do away with the 3.5mm audio jack, one of its most controversial updates. The iPhone 7 was introduced and the biggest stir was about what it didn’t have. It featured a second telephoto lens on the back, but it lacked a 3.5-millimeter audio jack—a piece of equipment that had been standard not only on phones but on other electronic equipment for more than half a century. The move was controversial, and it didn't help that Apple’s wireless AirPods were delayed for two months, finally reaching a limited number of consumers just before Christmas. Criticism of Apple’s decision came from all quarters, from environmentalists lamenting the "mountain of electronic waste" from all those discarded wired earbuds to young female mass transit riders who claimed that the sight of headphone cords were an effective barrier against guys approaching them on trains and buses. A group of wired earbud fans, 300,000 strong, signed a petition urging Apple to restore the headphone jack. A prank video on You Tube encouraged a few unsuspecting users to search for hidden headphone jack on their new iPhones. With a cordless power drill. Why did Apple abandon this popular feature? "The reason to move on really comes down to one word: courage," Phil Schiller, Apple's senior VP of worldwide marketing, said at the iPhone 7 launch. "The courage to move on and do something new that betters all of us." Despite Schiller’s best efforts to channel Jobs with his launch-day hyperbole, iPhone 7 sales through the fall were disappointing, and there’s a chance that the 7 could be the first iPhone that doesn’t outsell its predecessor. Not that the phone didn't perform well. "Now that we've finished testing the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, we can confirm that they're the best models Apple has ever produced, though not by much" Consumer Reports wrote. One feature we found particularly appealing: This was the first water-resistant iPhone, reducing an owner's anxiety around sinks, bathtubs, and wading pools.  Does this mean the iPhone wave has peaked? Not necessarily. Many industry analysts suggest that consumers are simply waiting for the hotly anticipated 10th anniversary iPhone 8 with rumored features including an edge-to-edge display (with no frame visible around it) and wireless charging. Cowen and Co. analyst Tim Arcuri told investors that this pent-up demand “creates a veritable powder keg for upgrades with an innovative new phone in '17.”  42 Number of Smartphones in our Ratings. Current Smartphone ratings Shopping links are provided by eBay Commerce Network and Amazon, which makes it easy to find the right product from a variety of online retailers. Clicking any of the links will take you to the retailer's website to shop for this product. Please note that Consumer Reports collects fees from both eBay Commerce Network and Amazon for referring users. We use 100% of these fees to fund our testing programs. Consumer Reports For 80 years, Consumer Reports has been testing products and working to create a fairer, safer, and healthier marketplace. Click here to learn more about Consumer Reports' mission as a nonprofit organization. To help support our work, please consider making a tax-deductible donation. You can also show support by liking us on Facebook and following us on Twitter (@ConsumerReports). More From Consumer Reports Digital Maintenance: 5 Ways to Spruce Up and Protect Your Gear More Headphone Users Will Cut the Cord in 2017 Not for Sale: The Highly Touted Electronics That Missed the Market in 2016 Best 4K TVs to Buy Right Now Comments ▼ Consumer Support My Account Customer Care Report a Safety Problem Career Opportunities About Us Donate Our Site A-Z Index Product Index Car Index Video Index Canada Extra en Español Media Room Newsletters Products & Services Buy a Car: New Cars Used Cars Books & Magazines National Car Prices Home Services Our Network Consumers Union Consumerist Consumer Health Choices View Recent & Past Issues Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram More Google Plus Pinterest © 2006 - 2017 Consumer Reports Privacy Policy User Agreement Ad Choices Logout Sign in Subscribe About Us Donate Help Career Opportunities Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram More Google Plus Pinterest © 2006 - 2017 Consumer Reports Privacy Policy User Agreement Ad Choices
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Apple's iPhone turns 10. Where does it go from here? In the future, what surrounds the iPhone will be more important than the phone itself. Sarah Tew/CNET Mobile by Scott Stein January 9, 2017 5:00 AM PST @jetscott by Shara Tibken January 9, 2017 5:00 AM PST @sharatibken Up Next Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS Enlarge Image Apple CEO Steve Jobs introduced the first iPhone at Macworld on January 9, 2007, in San Francisco, California.Photo by Getty Images Happy birthday, iPhone. You're 10 years old! What do you want to be when you grow up? When Steve Jobs unveiled the first iPhone 10 years ago today, he touted Apple's ability to combine three products -- "a revolutionary mobile phone, a widescreen iPod with touch controls, and a breakthrough internet communications device with desktop-class email, web browsing, searching and maps -- into one small and lightweight handheld device." Those characteristics are still in today's iPhones, but they're so much more. Think over 2 million apps more, changing everything from the way we commute to the way we communicate with family and friends. At the same time, it has spawned hundreds of copycats and created new industries that couldn't exist without phones. The iPhone is the most successful consumer device ever created. So where does it go from here? The iPhone: 2007, meet 2017 It was different, it was bold. How is it now? Ten years later, we dug up the original iPhone to give it another spin. by Scott Stein 2:24 Close Drag For Apple, the next 10 years will be about refining and simplifying its hugely popular phone. Whether the iPhone remains a rectangular slab of glass for the next decade is anyone's guess (or, rather, up to chief designer Jony Ive). Importantly, what will become an even bigger focus will be everything else that surrounds the iPhone, like virtual reality and smart home. "iPhone is an essential part of our customers' lives, and today more than ever it is redefining the way we communicate, entertain, work and live," Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a statement posted in Apple's online newsroom. "iPhone set the standard for mobile computing in its first decade and we are just getting started. The best is yet to come." Here are some of CNET's predictions: Simplicity iPhones used to celebrate just doing a few things well. Now, iOS and the iPhone are endlessly complex. Settings and hidden Easter eggs lurk everywhere. Managing cloud storage and photos, or navigating notifications and privacy will send you down rabbit holes. 18 The iPhone and the gadgets it laid to rest Apple could aim for simplicity once again, paring down the experience to something more essential. It might find a way of pushing only a few things to your attention while keeping the rest in the background. It needs to reinvent its design, even the software, to be less cluttered. And then there are all the phones. There used to be one iPhone... now there are models in different sizes, colors and processors. One rumor has Apple offering multiple display types next year. The reality of the phone market is Apple will have to continue to meet different budgets and lifestyles. There's no going back to that single original iPhone. Connecting to everything The iPhone's already a hub for our fitness trackers, the Apple Watch and a growing world of smart home appliances and connected gadgets. The latest version of iOS included smart home shortcuts built into the Control Panel, like a home-based remote control. Imagine more of that spreading across more devices and services. Seeing the original iPhone for the first time Travel back to January 9, 2007, just after Steve Jobs unveiled the iPhone onstage at Macworld and CNET's Declan McCullagh got a first glimpse of it under glass. 2:04 Close Drag It'll be able to talk to other gadgets more easily. Bluetooth 5 promises greater range and higher speeds to connect to other peripherals. In a home, that could make a huge difference. A wild card could be Wi-Gig, an extremely high-bandwidth, short-range variation of Wi-Fi that could be a path to how future iPhones could mirror instantly to larger screens or accessories. Deeper AI Amazon Echo opened the door. Talking to your gadget is now awesome, not annoying. Siri, however -- which lives on nearly all Apple devices -- is still problematic. It's not as responsive as Amazon's Alexa or as intuitive as Google Assistant. It should do more and understand context better. See also 10 ways the iPhone changed everything CNET's take on the iPhone 7 Plus Does the Mac still matter? A more ambient, helpful iPhone is a necessary next step. Consider Assistant and how it lives on Google's Pixel phone, ready to help. iOS 9 takes a few steps there, but expect Apple to continue knitting together apps and services with AI and machine learning. The interesting twist is the company's emphasis on doing its computations on-device, instead of in the cloud. That's a completely different approach than Google and Amazon, one rooted in privacy. Apple's latest Photos app smartly organizes photo libraries by faces and places and automatically knits together memory-reel trailers around themes. Better Siri and smarter AI aren't just what the iPhone needs; it's what Apple needs across the board. Totally port-free We're all sad about losing the headphone jack. What about losing the rest? MacBooks and iPhones have shaved down their inputs to just a few options in 2016. Next, perhaps, comes Lightning. The original iPhone (left) compared to the current iPhone, the 7 Plus.Photo by Sarah Tew/CNET Charging, for iPhones, still happens via the Lightning cable. Contactless charging -- the type that has been available for Android phones for years, and is used by the Apple Watch, hasn't arrived yet. But when it does, perhaps in the iPhone 8, that Lightning cable will be a lot less necessary. We already can transfer files locally via AirDrop or stream via AirPlay. It would be shocking if Apple followed up a headphone jack-free iPhone 7 with a completely closed-off iPhone 8, but someday there will be an iPhone that flirts with going full wireless. All-screen The iPhone still has bezels, areas of the front of the phone where the screen doesn't extend. For instance, consider the area around the Home Button. Samsung's recent phones have gone nearly edge-to-edge, and even wrapped the display around the sides. A bezel-free all-screen iPhone would fill up more screen space in a smaller size for an easier grip. Reports of Touch ID being integrated into the display would mean you'll just touch a part of the screen to log in or pay. The cloud, the cloud Apple's relationship with cloud services feels overcomplicated. Google and Amazon offer lots of free storage and syncing options. With iCloud, paying for the right storage tier can get pricey. Relying on the cloud has become an answer for accessing files (there's an iCloud Drive folder, now) and photos. But how do photos and videos get managed properly? Despite a growing number of alternative cloud-storage options, it's hard to keep things organized properly. Our first iPhone review from 2007 Take a look at our review of the first iPhone. by Kent German 1:04 Close Drag Cloud services are what's bringing Mac OS and iOS closer together, sharing iMessage, file storage, photos, Notes and Pages files. Cloud services like those from Google co-exist, sometimes beautifully, sometimes awkwardly. Phones are, more than ever, just small terminals to a huge connected system. The iPhone's going to be increasingly dependent on the cloud. AR and VR Samsung has already turned its flagship phones into mobile virtual reality accessories via Gear VR. Google has the Daydream headset and its Cardboard initiative. Apple, however, has stayed quiet on VR. Instead of thinking about a pair of phone-goggle accessories, consider the possibilities of a more advanced camera. Google Tango -- an augmented reality initiative under the same umbrella as Daydream's VR -- uses depth-sensing 3D cameras to scan a room and help project imaginary things into it... or, track movement so that a VR headset could feel like it's really mapping motion. Cook has stated his interest in augmented reality, which probably indicates that more advanced camera features could be where things go next. Enlarge Image The original iPhone came with 4GB of storage.Photo by James Martin/CNET Much like the iPhone 7 Plus can sense depth with its dual cameras, imagine more advanced cameras that can enable augmented reality like Google Tango. Then imagine that these cameras could do power tracking for a VR headset, like the Occipital Bridge. Maybe that's way too much in the weeds for Apple, a company that seems to prefer sleek minimalism. But it's a short jump for the iPhone to adopt AR or VR. Moving past the phone itself The biggest change in the iPhone of 2027 is that it may not be a phone at at, at least not in the sense of the device we know today. What could be more vital about mobile computing over the next decade is what's around the phone. Apple already envisions the iPhone as the remote control for our lives; over the next 10 years, that remote will extend to things like VR and smart homes and cities. And much like the iPod got obliterated, the iPhone may go the same way. Phones may work like Chromecasts, where devices pick up and stream based on what another tells it. Or the Apple Watch can serve as the key to tying connected devices together. Apple is already exploring cross-device communication; if your phone rings, so does your Mac or iPad. "There's at least one vision of the future where the phone as a discrete device goes away and turns into other interfaces like wearables," Jackdaw Research analyst Jan Dawson said. Input, output and the brains of a product will be "less tied to a specific device over the years." Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Mobile Tech Culture Virtual Reality Amazon Google Samsung Siri CNET Review Apple iPhone 7 Beneath a familiar design, the iPhone 7 adds some great improvements, including more speed, water resistance, and a better camera. But there is one thing missing. $649.00 See it Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Jan 15 Apple tries to prove your AirPods won't fall out Jan 13 CNET UK podcast 511: Wafer thin TVs and why Ron Swanson would destroy Vegas Jan 13 Tablets built for Netflix and chill (among other things) Jan 12 Apple MacBook Pro now gets thumbs-up from Consumer Reports All Apple Stories Related Stories Former Android chief ready to take on the iPhone -- again How to play the Nintendo Switch before it's released Snapchat's new search bar wants to make app easier to navigate App Store users can bring antitrust lawsuit against Apple Close   Discuss: Apple's iPhone turns 10. Where does it go... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
