U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 17, 2:46 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Business Elon Musk Turned Down Tesla-Uber Partnership Offer Made By Travis Kalanick, New Book Says By Himanshu Goenka @HimGoJourno On 05/17/17 AT 1:49 AM Close Soon after Apple announced in May 2016 it was investing $1 billion in Chinese ride-hailing service, Didi Chuxing, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick called up Elon Musk and proposed a self-driving partnership between his company and Tesla. But Musk turned down the offer to team up against Apple, calling it unrealistic, according to a new book to be released May 23. The book by Adam Lashinsky, who writes for Fortune magazine, is titled “Wild Ride: Inside Uber's Quest for World Domination.” In it, Lashinsky writes about Kalanick recounting the call to Musk: “I said, ‘Look man, we should partner. Elon spent the rest of the call convincing me that it’s too far out, and it’s not realistic, that I should just stick to what we do best and be focused, or I’m going to f--- it all up. That’s when I knew Tesla was competing.” Uber CEO Travis Kalanick speaks to students on the Indian Institute of Technology campus in Mumbai, India, Jan. 19, 2016. Photo: Reuters/Danish Siddiqui While Tesla has not announced any plans yet of a ride-hailing service of its own, Musk did talk about ride-sharing becoming a prospective source of income for Tesla vehicle owners at some point in the future. In a blog post from July, titled “Master Plan, Part Deux,” Musk wrote: “You will also be able to add your car to the Tesla shared fleet just by tapping a button on the Tesla phone app and have it generate income for you while you're at work or on vacation, significantly offsetting and at times potentially exceeding the monthly loan or lease cost.” Read: Uber Starts Self-Driving Car Tests A person reportedly close to Musk also said that while the Tesla CEO declined Kalanick’s offer, he didn’t try to persuade the Uber CEO from developing self-driving technology, according to a Bloomberg report. Tesla’s own autonomous driving system, called Autopilot, has come a long way in its development. In the book, Kalanick said a senior Uber executive learned soon after the call that autonomous cars were a big priority for Tesla, even as the ride-hailing company was trying to develop its own self-driving technology. Tesla Motors Inc. CEO Elon Musk unveils a new all-wheel-drive version of the Tesla Model S car in Hawthorne, California, Oct. 9, 2014. Photo: Reuters Read: Does Apple Want To Buy Tesla? But Uber has run into some trouble with that development after Waymo — formerly Google’s self-driving project, now owned by the parent company Alphabet — filed a lawsuit against the company, alleging theft of its technology by former employees who later joined Uber. However, the judge hearing the case granted a temporary injunction Monday to Uber, allowing it to use its self-driving technology. As for its business in China, Uber decided to fold up its operations there in August. It sold its Chinese business to its main rival, Didi Chuxing, in a deal valued at $35 billion that gave Uber a 5.89 percent stake in Didi. Kalanick also joined the board of Didi, as part of the deal. At the time, Kalanick wrote a blog post in which he cited the lack of profitability as the reason behind the move. Lashinsky’s book is available for pre-orders on Amazon. Join the Discussion Most Read Related Stories Uber Wants To Test Flying Cars By 2020 Apple Trying To Persuade California DMV To Change Self-Driving Rules Newsletter Everything You Need To Know, Right Now Sign up for the newsletter. Subscribe Recommended Business Uber Wanted To Partner With Tesla, But Musk Said No Travis Kalanick, CEO of the ride-hailing company, called Tesla CEO Elon Musk to propose a self-driving partnership between the two companies, a new book says. Technology Google May Unveil A New High-End Virtual Reality Headset Google will reportedly announce a new virtual reality headset at its Google I/O developer's conference. World Heavy Rainstorms Changed Mars Surface The atmosphere on Mars evolved over time, and during that period of climate change, rain probably fell hard enough in storms that carved out the surface and eroded craters. National Trump Could Be Held Responsible For Obstruction Of Justice: Angus King Donald Trump reportedly told former FBI Director James Comey to end investigation into Michael Flynn’s Russia connections. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums CNET Magazine Latest Stories Subscribe Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Commentary The key to a happy smart home? A stew of virtual assistants Google and Amazon are wrestling to be your smart home assistant, and companies like Apple and Microsoft aren't far behind. But you shouldn't commit to just one company. Tyler Lizenby/CNET Smart Home by Ashlee Clark Thompson May 16, 2017 11:31 AM PDT @AshleeEats Enlarge Image The Google Home (right) and the Amazon Echo both want to be your one-and-only smart home hub. Tyler Lizenby/CNET It's appropriate that the CNET Smart Home is located in Louisville, Kentucky -- the concept of the home is a bit like a Kentucky dish called burgoo. This stew is a medley of whatever meat you have on hand (be it beef, pork, chicken, mutton, rabbit or a combination) and some mixture of tomatoes, corn, potatoes, onions and lima beans. You throw your ingredients together in a pot, cook it for hours and boom, there's dinner. Smart home technology might be flashier than a catch-all country stew, but the idea is the same. Companies large and small have rushed to create products that take ordinary household items and connect them to the internet and one another. The sheer quantity of products available means that a smart home isn't much more than a burgoo of plugs, lights, switches, cameras and whatever else you want to buy to piece together a system that works for you. Companies like Google and Amazon have made a case for bringing some order to the smart home mishmash with help from their virtual-assistant-powered smart speakers. The Google Home and Amazon Echo can each be a unifying device that ties together all of these internet-connected devices. They can control smart home devices like thermostats or light bulbs directly, or through other families of products like Wink and SmartThings as well as automation programs like IFTTT. Google and Amazon's approach encourages monogamy in your smart home. Pick a smart home speaker, then outfit the rest of your home based on what devices are compatible to your smart speaker's AI. Turn a smart-home burgoo into bisque. This is the wrong approach, at least right now. More from Google I/O 2017 Google I/O 2017: What to expect Google Home and Assistant one year later: What now? A look back at Google I/O highlights See all Google I/O 2017 news Google is rumored to be expanding the use cases for its Google Assistant, the digital helper that's the brains behind the Google Home smart speaker, at tomorrow's I/O annual developers conference. Google Assistant competes against Amazon's Alexa voice assistant, Apple's Siri and Microsoft's Cortana. Each assistant represents just a sliver of what's possible when you combine artificial intelligence, voice commands and internet-connected devices. But you'd be happier if you used more than one manufacturer's AI and products for your smart home. Yes, it would be great to have a centralized smart home system in which you'd only have to interact with one main device, such as a smart speaker, or a unified interface, like Apple's HomeKit. And there are products that have attempted to be that whole-home solution, such as the custom, expensive Control4 luxury home automation system. But we're still a ways away from the Disney movie fantasy of a smart home that predicts our every move and automatically operates every component of the house. As we've seen at the CNET Smart Home, there isn't a universal system that connects every product to the smart speaker or smart assistant of your choice. We ask Siri to open the shades, Alexa to start a sous-vide water bath and Google Home to walk us through recipes. Though we're seeing more products that work with more than one assistant (just take a look at iDevices), some integrations just work better than others. And there is some freedom in being able to pick and choose the assistant that works best for you and your devices. 18 Here's everything the Google Home can do It can be a headache to have to choose from so many assistants and speakers and platforms. But there's beauty in this stew. The tech giants are scrambling to outdo one another's AI, which means their platforms will keep improving. In the past couple of weeks, Amazon has announced two new iterations of its Echo line of speakers (the Echo Look and the Echo Show) and a Echo-to-Echo call feature. Google has recently added a recipe feature to its Google Assistant, and we expect the company to announce more updates to the AI tomorrow. We still haven't seen the smart speaker that will house Cortana, and a Siri-powered smart speaker is rumored to debut this year. You can pick products that work for you, and bounce from assistant to assistant to get the best use out of them. It would be silly to tie yourself down to just one system when there are updates and new products coming out so frequently. This variety of products will let you build an a-la-carte smart home experience that's more personalized than you would get if you stuck with just one AI. It's OK if you prefer to use Siri to turn the lights on, but you want to tell Google Assistant to play Marvin Gaye through your Google Home. Now is the time to build and embrace your own smart-home burgoo. 21 These smart home gadgets work with both Siri and Alexa Share your voice 0 comments Tags Google I/O 2017 Smart Home Amazon Google Microsoft Apple HomeKit More stories 'Alexa, what did I miss?' Amazon introduces voice notifications Google Assistant could cook your dinner, wash your clothes Google Home and Assistant one year later: What now? Best Smart Home Devices of 2017 Close   Discuss: The key to a happy smart home? A stew of... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Why Android is likely safe from a WannaCry-like attack Amazon's newest Echo wants to take a good look at you In this week's wrapup, Amazon introduces a new Alexa-enabled camera that gives you style tips because that's what the world really needs. 1:32 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums CNET Magazine Latest Stories Subscribe Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Jeff Goldblum could have been the voice of Apple Ian Malcolm. David Levinson. That dude who turns into a gross human/fly hybrid. Siri? Tech Culture by Luke Lancaster May 16, 2017 8:51 PM PDT @lglancaster If you needed further proof that we are truly in the darkest timeline, internet darling (and actor, I guess) Jeff Goldblum recently revealed in an interview that he was approached by Steve Jobs to be the voice of Apple. "Steve Jobs called me up a few decades ago to be the voice of Apple" said Goldblum in a recent interview on the Today Show in Australia. "That was early on, and I did not know it was Steve Jobs." Sadly, it was not to be, and instead Susan Bennett is the voice you're most likely to associate with Apple's virtual assistant and Thinking Different. Goldblum was recently in Australia handing out free sausages and promoting Menulog, a local food ordering app designed to minimise human contact. Presumably this furthers the Goldblum agenda of his being the only voice you ever need to hear. We may have missed out on the Goldblum/Siri fusion that could have heralded a golden age, but in some small consolation, you can shut up and stuff your ears with the first two Menulog ads, Girl's Night In and Game Night. And this GIF, which is always relevant: It's Complicated: This is dating in the age of apps. Having fun yet? These stories get to the heart of the matter. Mobile World Congress 2017: All the coolest new phones and wearables from the trade show in Barcelona. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Tech Culture Steve Jobs Siri More stories CNET giveaway: Android collectable pin set 21 reasons to avoid the water entirely Google doodle gears up for Antikythera mechanism's discovery AI group gets bigger as Sony, Intel, eBay and others join Close   Discuss: Jeff Goldblum could have been the voice of... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Why Android is likely safe from a WannaCry-like attack Instagram adds face filters because of course Why invent new things when you can copy Snapchat with bunny ears and flower crowns? by Bridget Carey 1:46 Microsoft criticizes government's online security, Zelda may be heading to mobile Today's major tech news include Microsoft's public disappointment in the government's online security strategy, Zelda possibly making its way to mobile devices and Volvo and Audi's commitment to the Android Auto platform. by Jeff Bakalar 1:07 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women boon With Apple Pay Continues its Growth in Europe With Market Launch in Italy News provided by Wirecard AG 06:50 BST Share this article ASCHHEIM, Germany, May 17, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- First fully digitised mobile payment solution with Apple Pay offering Easy, Secure and Private Way to Pay      Today Wirecard is bringing Apple Pay to boon customers in Italy. boon is the first fully digitised mobile payment solution to offer Apple Pay independently from any bank or telecom operator, powered by Wirecard which is a leading company for payment and Internet technology, and driving the development of payment technology. After UK, France, Switzerland and Ireland, where customers can already benefit from fast and convenient payment with Apple Pay using the boon app, Wirecard is now transforming mobile payments in its fifth European market. boon is based on a digital prepaid Mastercard, issued by Wirecard Card Solutions. The virtual credit card allows users to top-up their account via debit, credit card or wire transfer. The app gives users the possibility of conducting payment transactions without cash or a bank card, with a transparent overview of the entire real-time transaction process. Thus, the app enables iPhone payments at any NFC-capable point-of-sale terminal, which accepts Mastercard Contactless payments. Security and privacy is at the core of Apple Pay. When you use a credit or debit card with Apple Pay, the actual card numbers are not stored on the device nor on Apple servers. Instead, a unique Device Account Number is assigned, encrypted and securely stored in the Secure Element on your device. Each transaction is authorized with a one-time unique dynamic security code. "We are very excited to bring Apple Pay to our boon customers in the fifth market in Europe and to further revolutionize the way we pay. Italy is a market where mobile payment is gaining increasing relevance: Already today there are of 150 mobile phones for every 100 inhabitants. The number of mobile payment users is expected to amount to 5.2 million by 2021. Thanks to the usability and maximum security of boon standards we are proud to be part of this development," said Georg von Waldenfels, Executive Vice President Consumer Solutions with Wirecard. Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of the rewards and benefits offered by credit and debit cards. In stores, Apple Pay works with iPhone SE, iPhone 6 and later, and Apple Watch. For more information on Apple Pay, visit: https://www.apple.com/it/apple-pay/ Find out more about boon: https://boonpayment.com/it http://www.boonpayment.com About Wirecard:    Wirecard AG is a global technology group that supports companies in accepting electronic payments from all sales channels. As a leading independent supplier, the Wirecard Group offers outsourcing and white label solutions for electronic payments. A global platform bundles international payment acceptances and methods with supplementary fraud prevention solutions. With regard to issuing own payment instruments in the form of cards or mobile payment solutions, the Wirecard Group provide companies with an end-to-end infrastructure, including the requisite licences for card and account products. Wirecard AG is listed on the Frankfurt Securities Exchange (TecDAX, ISIN DE0007472060, WDI). For further information about Wirecard, please visit http://www.wirecard.com or follow us on twitter @wirecard. Wirecard Media Contact: Wirecard AG Jana Tilz Tel.: +49(0)89-4424-1363 E-mail: jana.tilz@wirecard.com SOURCE Wirecard AG 02 May, 2017, 06:30 BST Preview: Wirecard Enables Payment Solution for the Baltic Conglomerate Zabolis Partners My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 02 May, 2017, 06:30 BSTWirecard Enables Payment Solution for the Baltic Conglomerate... 25 Apr, 2017, 13:06 BSTWirecard North America and CSL Plasma Launch First Cash-Back... Explore More news releases in similar topics Electronic Commerce Banking & Financial Services Telecommunications Industry Corporate Expansion New Products & Services You just read: boon With Apple Pay Continues its Growth in Europe With Market Launch in Italy News provided by Wirecard AG 06:50 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive LifeStream blood drive to be held May 26 Tuesday May 16, 2017 at 12:01 AM May 16, 2017 at 10:32 PM Staff Reports LifeStream will hold a community blood drive from noon to 4 p.m. May 26 at AMC Classic Apple Valley 14, 22311 Bear Valley Road, Apple Valley. Donors are eligible to win a pair of Disneyland tickets and will receive, while supplies last, a special edition Memorial Day T-shirt and Jack in the Box coupons for four free tacos and a milkshake. Donors also will receive a free cholesterol screening, mini physical and Gift of Life Donor Loyalty points that may be redeemed in the online donor store at www.LStream.org. Participants must be free of illness and disease, over the age of 15 and weigh at least 110 pounds to donate blood. Donors under the age of 18 must provide parental consent. Ages 18 through 44 can register for the “Be the Match” bone marrow screening free of charge. Donating takes about an hour. For more information, call 800-879-4484, ext. 458. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
   FOLLOW PREMIUM SUBSCRIPTION LOGIN / REGISTER press enter to search LOGIN / REGISTER PREMIUM SUBSCRIPTION Home NEWS PULSE MULTIMEDIA MOST VIEWED MOST SHARED news NEWS politics world national city Business SE ASIA COMMUNITY COMMUNITY Youth OPINION OPINION ACADEMIA INTERVIEW JPLUS LIFESTYLE LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT ARTS & CULTURE TECHNOLOGY PEOPLE HEALTH PARENTS FOOD BOOKS TRAVEL TRAVEL News Destinations VIDEO VIDEO VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM PAPER EDITION PAPER EDITION TODAY'S PAPER JPLUS BALI BUZZ JOBS follow JPLUS     LOGIN / REGISTER LOGIN / REGISTER PREMIUM SUBSCRIPTION HOME LIFESTYLE entertainment arts & culture technology people health parents food books Video follow JPLUS     most viewed MP3 is officially dead, say creators of format Bitcoin: Hackers' 'anonymous' currency Who's to blame for ransomware outbreak? Jack Ma dethrones Wanda's Wang to take richest crown Son’s ‘cool’ way of updating mom about his travels Science & Tech Apple Orchard Road opening on May 27 Trevor Tan The Straits Times/Asia News Network Singapore | Wed, May 17, 2017 | 11:49 am Shares  share on facebook  share on twitter  share on google plus  share on Linkedin  share on whatsapp  comment  share on email share this article follow Us    Shares  share on facebook  share on twitter  share on google plus  share on Linkedin  share on whatsapp  comment  share on email share this article follow Us    Apple Orchard Road, the first such store in South-east Asia, will also host hands-on sessions called Today at Apple, which launches in all Apple retail stores across the world this week (The Straits Times/Lim Sin Thai) The wait for Apple fans will be over soon. Apple Orchard Road - the official name of the Apple retail store here - will be opening its doors on May 27 at 10 a.m. Close to midnight last night, workers were seen pasting the opening date on the white facade covering the front of the store at Knightsbridge mall. It is not only the first Apple retail store in Singapore, but also the first one in South-east Asia. The store will open daily from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. News of the Apple retail store here first broke in October 2015, after a former tenant of the mall, the Pure Fitness gym chain, sent a letter to its members informing them of its closure to make room for the Apple store. Four other tenants were also moved. In an exclusive interview during the opening of the Apple Dubai Mall store last month, Apple's senior vice-president of retail Angela Ahrendts told The Straits Times: "We want to be on an iconic street, where people will naturally come, whether they are locals or tourists." This is especially so when it is the first store in the country and it allows Apple to build a beautiful signature store for that community, she said. Read also: Apple to offer classes at stores Retail experts said the Apple store's location makes sense. Said Associate Professor Prem Shamdasani of the National University of Singapore Business School: "For more than a decade, Apple has been opening retail stores in very good locations in major cities globally to showcase its great products and enhance the brand experience for loyal fans and consumers. "Singapore's position as a vibrant and progressive global city in South-east Asia will help to reinforce Apple's brand leadership in the region," he said. As of April, Apple has 495 retail stores in 20 countries. Apart from selling Apple products such as iPhones, iPads and MacBooks, as well as accessories, the local Apple store will have staff who Apple calls Geniuses - technical personnel who specialise in troubleshooting and repairs of products. Apple Orchard Road will also host hands-on sessions called Today at Apple, which launches in all Apple retail stores across the world this week. Taught by Creative Pros, who are the liberal arts equivalent of Apple's technical Geniuses, these free educational sessions focus on the features of Apple products and allow anyone to learn skills like photography, illustration or coding. Read also: Apple's stores getting new look as other retailers struggle For the Singapore store, Apple has appointed 12 Singaporean creatives as Red Dot Heroes. They are people who have made a contribution in their fields like the arts, photography, music or film. They include street photographer Aik Beng Chia and illustrator Kristal Melson (see their profiles below), as well as film-maker Boo Junfeng and local singer Sezairi. These Singaporean creatives are similar to Apple's Creative Pros and some of them will conduct workshops in Apple Orchard Road. Experts also see possible learning points for the retail industry from the Apple store. "When you want to control the store experience, you need to own and operate it," said Mr Clement Teo, principal analyst at market research firm Ovum. "The bar for customer service in Apple stores and online is high, supported by trained Geniuses and expert advice from Creative Pros to help customers get the most out of their Apple products. Happy customers equal to loyal Apple customers," Mr Teo added. Read also: 9 interesting facts about Apple's new 'spaceship' campus Contrary to popular belief, Apple Orchard Road will not signal the end of Apple premium resellers (APRs) like Nubox and Epicentre, and repair centres such as QCD Technology. "They (APRs) will continue to adapt and survive - especially in suburban areas," said Mr Teo. "Repair centres will be a great supplement to Apple for all sorts of warranty and repairs." In fact, Prof Shamdasani said that the Apple retail store will enhance the brand's value and attractiveness and help to expand the market for Apple products and services in Singapore, which, in turn, will benefit the APRs and repair centres. Apple Orchard Road will be run on 100 per cent clean energy using rooftop solar installations provided by Singapore-based solar energy provider Sunseap Group. iPhone and MacBook user Chung Weifang is excited about the new Apple store here. The 33-year-old communications executive said: "There is nothing like buying a product from the brand's flagship store, where the customer experience begins the moment one steps into the retail space." Tags : Apple,Apple-stores,Apple-Orchard-Road,Orchard,Singapore This article appeared on The Straits Times newspaper website, which is a member of Asia News Network and a media partner of The Jakarta Post   follow JPLUS     Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Hot Stories People 09:18 am Children risk life to achieve dreams Entertainment 07:15 am Foo Fighters to perform in Asia this August Health 08:46 am Five signs you are way too stressed NEWS BUSINESS POLITICS WORLD NATIONAL CITY PAPER EDITION TODAY'S PAPER ACADEMIA INTERVIEW OPINION TRAVEL NEWS DESTINATIONS MULTIMEDIA VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM LIFE LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT ART & CULTURE TECHNOLOGY PEOPLE HEALTH PARENTS BOOKS SOUTHEAST ASIA JOBS COMMUNITY YOUTH News     TRAVEL   Jobs   Our partners kompas.com tribunnews.com kontan.co.id Asia News Network Catch Asia! Media Network About Cyber Media Guidelines Contact Advertise Paper Subscription © 2017 PT. Niskala Media Tenggara
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport Facebook Twitter Instagram GooglePlus Search Latest In Entertainment ‘What’s it like to have sex on ice?’ Ed Sheeran as popular as AC/DC Schumer announces surprise split from boyfriend Ugly Phil reveals why he left the Hot30 Why Miley Cyrus hates Wrecking Ball Gwyneth’s daughter Apple looks just like mum A $175 million superhero stinker Pirates hold Pirates 5 to ransom celebrity life celebrity kids Gwyneth’s daughter Apple looks just like mum in rare photo May 17, 20172:04pm Video Image Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin Finalize Divorce, Without Chris's Signature1:00 Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin are officially divorced, only after the actress asked to judge to proceed with the divorce without her ex's consent. Chris never finished the paperwork. May 27th 2016 a year ago /video/video.news.com.au/Entertainment/Celebrity/ Gwyneth Paltrow this week celebrated her daughter’s 13th birthday. Picture: Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP Lauren FranklinThe Sun Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Email a friend GWYNETH Paltrow has posted a picture of daughter Apple on her 13th birthday — and she is the spitting image of her mum. The actress, 44, shares her daughter with Coldplay’s Chris Martin, 40, and rarely uploads pictures of Apple and her brother Moses, 11, The Sun reports. However she relaxed her social media rules this week to Instagram a picture of her lookalike daughter, captioning it: “Happy 13th birthday, you gorgeous human. You light up every room, my heart, the world. You. Are. Everything. I love you, schnapps.” Happy 13th birthday, you gorgeous human. You light up every room, my heart, the world. You. Are. Everything. I love you, schnapps. #🍎 A post shared by Gwyneth Paltrow (@gwynethpaltrow) on May 14, 2017 at 9:55am PDT Fans immediately flooded the gorgeous image with comments about how much the teen looks like her mum. One wrote: “She’s like her mami. exactly the same. so perfect!!!!” Gwyneth Paltrow’s got a great relationship with ex-husband Chris Martin. Picture: GettySource:Getty Images Meanwhile Gwynnie proved that while her “conscious uncoupling” from Chris in 2014 may have been laughed at — it really does work. Uploading a Boomerang of the family of four hugging as they celebrated Apple’s birthday and Mother’s Day, they showed that they were still as loving as ever, even though they are no longer married. Gwyneth captioned the post: “Best Apple’s birthday/Mother’s Day EVER!” This story originally appeared on The Sun and is republished here with permission. Jump back to top Right now in entertainment 2513Readers You Can’t Ask That on ABC TV: What it’s like to be addicted ... 1221Readers King Arthur 2017 review: A $175 million superhero stinker 330Readers Why Ugly Phil left the Hot30 Countdown and moved overseas 198Readers Gwyneth Paltrow’s daughter Apple looks just like her in rare... 206Readers Seven Year Switch 2017 episode 9 recap A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites.Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News.com.au Newsletter RSS Advertise About Us Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions News Limited Copyright © 2017. All times AEST (GMT +10). Bottom JS
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman boon with Apple Pay continues growth in Europe with market launch in Italy Posted on 05/17/2017 at 06:15 First fully digitised mobile payment solution with Apple Pay Today Wirecard is bringing Apple Pay to boon customers in Italy. boon is the first fully digitised mobile payment solution to offer Apple Pay independently from any bank or telecom operator, powered by Wirecard which is a leading company for payment and internet technology and driving the development of payment technology. After UK, France, Switzerland and Ireland, where customers can already benefit from fast and convenient payment with Apple Pay using the boon app, Wirecard is now transforming mobile payments in its fifth European market.  boon is based on a digital prepaid Mastercard, issued by Wirecard Card Solutions. The virtual credit card allows users to top-up their account via debit, credit card or wire transfer. The app gives users the possibility of conducting payment transactions without cash or a bank card, with a transparent overview of the entire real-time transaction process. Thus, the app enables iPhone payments at any NFC-capable point-of-sale terminal which accepts Mastercard Contactless payments.  Security and privacy is at the core of Apple Pay. When you use a credit or debit card with Apple Pay, the actual card numbers are not stored on the device nor on Apple servers. Instead, a unique Device Account Number is assigned, encrypted and securely stored in the Secure Element on your device. Each transaction is authorized with a one-time unique dynamic security code. “We are very excited to bring Apple Pay to our boon customers in the fifth market in Europe and to further revolutionize the way we pay. Italy is a market where mobile payment is gaining increasing relevance: Already today there are of 150 mobile phones for every 100 inhabitants. The number of mobile payment users is expected to amount to 5.2 million by 2021. Thanks to the usability and maximum security of boon standards we are proud to be part of this development”, said Georg von Waldenfels, Executive Vice President Consumer Solutions with Wirecard. Apple Pay is easy to set up and users will continue to receive all of the rewards and beneﬁts offered by credit and debit cards. In stores, Apple Pay works with iPhone SE, iPhone 6 and later, and Apple Watch. For more information on Apple Pay, visit: https://www.apple.com/it/apple-pay/ Find out more about boon: https://boonpayment.com/it Download Press Release CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Construction Repaint Market – Answering Environmental Concerns Leads the Way for Construction Repaint Jobs, 2024 Next PostNext Flexographic Printing Inks Market – Innovation to be Key Focus of Market Players to Tighten Hold over Market By 2024 Search Recent Posts Crash Barrier Systems Market – Global Industry Insights, Trends, Outlook, and Opportunity Analysis 2017–2021 Global Forestry and Agricultural Tractor Market Deep Analysis of over 70 Counties in terms of Growth and Forecast LOGiQ Institutional Partners Intends to Support PointNorth Capital Nominees in Upcoming Liquor Stores Shareholder Vote Global Machine Tool Market Deep Analysis of over 70 Counties in terms of Growth and Forecast Antiseptic and Disinfectant Products Market Trend Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2022- Market Research Report Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Apple said to announce a new MacBook lineup at WWDC 2017 Apple is planning to refresh its MacBook lineup this year at its Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) next month, according to a latest report from Bloomberg. The company is expected to announce an upgraded version Macbook Pro and the 12-inch Macbook with faster processors. As per the report, the MacBook Pro will be powered by a faster Kaby Lake Intel processor while the upgraded 12-inch MacBook will also come with a faster Intel chip. Moreover, it is said that Apple might also consider updating the 13-inch MacBook Air with a new processor owing to stronger laptop sales. With new laptops in the works, Apple is all set to compete again with rival Microsoft who recently announced the Surface laptop with touchscreen. “The planned upgrades wouldn’t mark a major step forward for Apple’s notebook lineup, but they will demonstrate the company’s dedication to a product that has been criticized by the Mac faithful over the past few years”, said the report. Apple has not launched new hardware for a long time at WWDC and it will be interesting to see what company has to offer. Last year in October, the company had launched new MacBook Pros with a touchscreen integrated into the keyboard. WWDC 2017 is scheduled to take place from June 5th to June 9th. Source Author: Sneha Bokil Sneha Bokil is a tech enthusiast and is currently using OnePlus 3T but she still treasures her Nokia N70 (M). You can follow her on Twitter @snehabokil and on Google+ View all posts by Sneha Bokil Author Sneha BokilPosted on May 17, 2017May 17, 2017Categories Apple Post navigation Previous Previous post: Instagram launches face filters, blatantly copies Snapchat yet again Next Next post: Apple to reportedly discontinue the iPad Mini Trending Phones OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Google Pixel Honor 6X Apple iPhone 7 Plus Nokia 6 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Apple to reportedly discontinue the iPad Mini Apple said to announce a new MacBook lineup at WWDC 2017 Instagram launches face filters, blatantly copies Snapchat yet again Xiaomi Redmi 4 launched in India, HTC U11 announced and more – FoneArena Daily Samsung Galaxy S8, S8+ global sales cross 5 million units since launch Beware of the fake WhatsApp URL that is misleading users to install adware Huawei Y7 with 5.5-inch display, Snapdragon 435, Android 7.0 announced OPPO F3 Review Xiaomi Mi Home store will expand to four more cities in India soon OnePlus 3 and 3T OxygenOS beta update brings optimized power consumption, several fixes and more CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G 5G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Digital Payments Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 MWC 2017 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Tech ‘First Billionaire In Hip Hop’ Dr. Dre Celebrates Beats Headphones Sale To Apple [VIDEO] Giuseppe Macri Tech Editor Giuseppe Macri12:20 PM 05/09/2014      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP After news broke late Thursday that Apple is working on a $3.2 billion deal to buy Beats Electronics, the developer behind the popular headphones of the same name, company co-founder and hip hop producer Dr. Dre, appeared in a video online and declared himself “the first billionaire in hip hop.” Actor Tyrese Gibson was apparently celebrating with Dre in the producer’s studio following the reports, and posted the video to his Facebook page. “They need to update the Forbes list,” Gibson said in the video referencing the magazine’s list of the world’s richest people, and described Dre as having joined the “billionaire boys club.” “In a big way — understand that,” Dre followed up. “The first billionaire in hip hop.” Though the expletive-rich video appears to show Dre celebrating the deal, he doesn’t explicitly reference or confirm the news. The post has since been taken down, but initially included the caption: “How did I end up in the studio with Dr Dre ON THE night his deal went public that he did with Apple 3.2 BILLION!!!!! The BEATS HEADPHONES JUST CHANGED HIP HOP!!!!!!” WATCH: The New York Times, Wall Street Journal and Financial Times reported the story Thursday citing sources briefed on the talks. Beats by Dre headphones‘ annual sales revenues have reportedly gone up to $1.5 billion since the company was founded with music executive Jimmy Iovine began selling headphones in 2008. The deal would include the new Beats Music streaming service, which Apple is likely acquiring to compete with streaming services like Pandora and Spotify after the company’s iTunes Radio failed to impress the industry. Apple’s revenue growth has declined sharply in recent years, and the company only entered the broadly popular streaming market last year — late because of former CEO Steve Jobs’ reported unfavorable opinion of music subscription services. The company continues to be the largest seller of music downloads, but is losing market share to companies like Amazon. Purchasing Beats would mark Apple’s largest acquisition ever. The headphones retail between about $169.95 to $449.95, depending on model and features, and despite many music and sound industry experts describing their quality as “extraordinarily bad,” the brand has become enormously popular as a fashion item among a younger consumer base, and the popular alternative to standard earbuds models. Beats’ success is due in large part to its wide profit margins – despite the steep prices of the popular bass-heavy headphone models, each individual unit reportedly only costs around $14 to produce. Private equity firm Carlyle Group invested $500 million in Beats last year, and valued the company at more than $1 billion. Neither Apple nor Beats would comment on the deal in the original reports, and the briefed sources said they were still in the negotiation stage. Though the companies have yet to consummate the agreement, and it could still fall through, if things go as planned the official announcement could be made as early as next week. Follow Giuseppe on Twitter and Facebook. Tags: Apple, Beats, Dr. Dre Hide Comments   Show 1462 comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS IPAD DIARIES STORIES APPLE HISTORY IOS AUTOMATION GAMES Workflow Update Restores Google Chrome and Pocket Actions, Extends Apple Music Integration Dispelling the Apple Services Myth Prizmo Go Review: Smarter OCR with the iPhone’s Camera The Long-Lived iPad 2 By Stephen Hackett Every once in a while, an Apple device comes along that sticks around for a while without an update. Jokes about the "current" Mac Pro aside, one such device that comes to mind for me pretty quickly is the iPad 2, introduced back in March 2011. It was finally taken off the market three years later. While that doesn't seem remarkable today, it was an eternity when it came to iOS devices at the time. The iPad 2 was one of the first devices Apple kept around to fill a lower price point on its product matrix. But let's not get ahead of ourselves quite yet. The rotator on Apple's website at the time does a good job at summing up what was new about this iPad. All-new Design The iPad 2 sported the same, 9.7-inch, 1024x768 display as the original iPad, but the body that housed it was all-new. Gone was the sidewall from the original, replaced with edges that sloped up from the back to meet the edges of the bezels. The iPad 2 was thinner and sleeker than the original. The new iPad was 33 percent thinner and 15 percent lighter, clocking in at 1.33 pounds. While that sounds heavy today,1 this thing feels great when compared with the iPad that proceeded it. This design would stick around for several years, serving both the iPad 3 and 4. Things weren't reworked until the iPad Air adopted the iPad mini's design language, which still graces iPads today. Dual-Core A5 Chip The original iPad marked Apple's first foray into custom CPU packages, after its acquisition of PA Semi in 2008. The A4 in the iPad (and iPhone 4) was a watershed moment for Apple, but the A5 in the iPad 2 showed the company was going to be aggressive about performance of its custom chips. The performance section of AnandTech's review of the iPad 2 blew my mind when I first read it in 2011. Apple claimed the new iPad was "twice as fast" as the original, but the real story was in the graphics department, as Apple's website claimed: With up to nine times the graphics performance, gameplay on iPad is even smoother and more realistic. And faster graphics help apps perform better — especially those with video. You’ll see it when you’re scrolling through your photo library, editing video with iMovie, and viewing animations in Keynote. The original iPad never felt slow to me in its first year of life, but the iPad 2 changed that perception instantly for many users. The best part? All of this performance — in a smaller chassis — didn't hurt battery life.2 Two Cameras In an age where Phil Schiller goes out of his way to praise the cameras in each new iPad, it's easy to forget that the original shipped without any cameras. Even in 2011, it seems Apple — and its customers — weren't quite warmed up to the idea of taking photos with a tablet. Here's how the company described the cameras: You’ll see two cameras on iPad — one on the front and one on the back. They may be tiny, but they’re a big deal. They’re designed for FaceTime video calling, and they work together so you can talk to your favorite people and see them smile and laugh back at you.3 The front camera puts you and your friend face-to-face. Switch to the back camera during your video call to share where you are, who you’re with, or what’s going on around you. When you’re not using FaceTime, let the back camera roll if you see something movie-worthy. It’s HD, so whatever you shoot is a mini-masterpiece. And you can take wacky snapshots in Photo Booth. It’s the most fun a face can have. The camera components were borrowed from the iPod touch. The front camera show VGA video, while the back shooter captured video at 720p. As far as still photos ... well ... it wasn't great, as Wired pointed out at the time: The specs for the iPad’s rear-facing camera only lists one number: 720p. That should mean 1280 x 720 pixels, which gives a megapixel figure of 0.92, clearly useless for stills. However, flip over to the iPod Touch camera specs and we see the following: “HD (720p) up to 30 frames per second with audio; still photos (960 x 720) with back camera.” Yes, the Touch shoots stills at an even lower resolution than video, most likely because the wide-screen movie format is squared-off to shoot stills. The stills it produces are just shy of 0.7 megapixels, or about the same resolution as an early 1990s-era digital camera. Ouch. Smart Cover The last thing Apple touted with the iPad 2 was an all-new accessory, the Smart Cover. Gone was the ugly first-party case Apple sold with the original iPad. The new accessory simply covered the screen, and attached to the side of the tablet with magnets: It could be folded up into a stand, and could wake the iPad when lifted away from the glass. The Smart Cover has been revised since, losing one panel and receiving a more refined hinge. It's held up over time, and I think Apple will continue to make them for a long, long time. Legacy As I mentioned, the iPad 2 stuck around for a long time, outlasting the iPad 3 and 4 as a low-cost option until it was replaced in March 2014. It shipped with iOS 4.3 and can run up to iOS 9.3.5. The reach of the iPad 2's influence was felt even longer than its shelf life. The original iPad mini was really just a shrunken-down iPad 2 with a Lightning port and better cameras. It was introduced in October 2012, and stayed on sale until March 2015. The A5 chipset showed up in the 3rd-generation Apple TV, also announced in 2012. That thing was on sale until the fall of 2016. The iPad 2 came into the world when things were simpler, and brought with it Apple's current strategy of discounting older hardware. The 9.7-inch iPad Pro weighs 0.96 pounds, for comparison. ↩︎ Apple says that every non-cellular iPad gets 10 hours of battery life, a trend started here. ↩︎ Tags: Apple history, iPad, iPad 2 Sign Up Unlock MacStories Extras Club MacStories offers exclusive access to extra MacStories content, delivered every week; it’s also a way to support us directly. Club MacStories will help you discover the best apps for your devices and get the most out of your iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Plus, it’s made in Italy. Starting at $5/month, with an annual option available. Join the Club. A Club MacStories membership includes: MacStories Weekly newsletter, delivered every week on Friday with app collections, tips, iOS workflows, and more; Monthly Log newsletter, delivered once every month with behind-the-scenes stories, app notes, personal journals, and more; Access to occasional giveaways, discounts, and free downloads. Stephen Hackett Stephen is the co-founder of Relay FM, where he hosts three podcasts. He also writes the blog 512 Pixels and shares a home office with way too many old Macs. He’s been covering Apple since 2008 and has a dogcow tattoo on his right ankle. Twitter: @ismh | Email: hackett@macstories.net ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by MacStadium | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.7
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS IPAD DIARIES STORIES APPLE HISTORY IOS AUTOMATION GAMES Workflow Update Restores Google Chrome and Pocket Actions, Extends Apple Music Integration Dispelling the Apple Services Myth Prizmo Go Review: Smarter OCR with the iPhone’s Camera Wired’s Exclusive Look at Apple Park→ Linked By John Voorhees Steven Levy got an exclusive, inside look at Apple Park for Wired magazine. You may have seen photos and drone footage of the outside of Apple Park in the past, but Levy explains what it feels like from the inside: …peering out the windows and onto the vast hilly expanse of the courtyard, all of that peels away. It feels … peaceful, even amid the clatter and rumble of construction. It turns out that when you turn a skyscraper on its side, all of its bullying power dissipates into a humble serenity. Wired’s feature is full of interesting insights from the people involved in bringing Steve Jobs’ vision for Apple Park to life. For Jony Ive, the building is an architectural and construction wonder, but also a means to a greater end: “It’s frustrating to talk about this building in terms of absurd, large numbers,” Ive says. “It makes for an impressive statistic, but you don’t live in an impressive statistic. While it is a technical marvel to make glass at this scale, that’s not the achievement. The achievement is to make a building where so many people can connect and collaborate and walk and talk.” The value, he argues, is not what went into the building. It’s what will come out. Still, it’s fascinating to consider the challenges that the design posed, including the four-story glass doors of the café that can accommodate 4,000 people: For Seele, the very toughest challenge came from constructing the giant glass sliding doors for the café—they had to extend from the ground to the roof, a full four stories. Each door leaf is about 85 feet by 54 feet. “The only doors I know of in the world that size are on an airplane hangar,” Diller says. The steel that frames each leaf weighs 165 metric tons, which is about 360,000 pounds. Structural components, like rods, weigh another 18,000 pounds. Then there are 10 panels of glass, each weighing nearly 6,500 pounds. So you have two leaves, weighing 440,000 pounds apiece, that have to slide open and closed. “And it’s a restaurant, so you want to have it move without any major noise,” Diller says. The solution was to put all the machinery underground. The final product, Apple Park, is designed to perpetuate Steve Jobs’ vision for Apple and the company’s values: The phrase that keeps coming up in talks with key Apple figures is “Steve’s gift.” Behind that concept is the idea that in the last months of his life, Jobs expended significant energy to create a workplace that would benefit Apple’s workers for perhaps the next century. “This was a hundred-year decision,” Cook says. “And Steve spent the last couple of years of his life pouring himself in here at times when he clearly felt very poorly. Levy’s profile of Apple Park goes into extraordinary detail and is a must-read for anyone curious about this astonishing achievement of architecture and design. Source: wired.com Tags: Apple Park ABOUT PODCAST NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by MacStadium | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.7
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Oppo F3S Redmi 4A iPhone 7 Asus Zenfone 3s Max Moto G5 Plus Nokia 3310 Motorola Moto M PM Modi launches BHIM-Aadhaar app, now pay at shops using fingerprint HTC U with Snapdragon 835, Edge Sense to launch in April OnePlus 5 spotted again, launch date set for Q2 2017 Jio's new Dhan Dhana Dhan offer: Top 5 things that you need to know Home > Technology > Apple set to launch new Macbook Pro, MacBook Air at WWDC in June: Report Javed Anwer   |   @brijwaasi Last Updated: MAY 17, 2017 New Delhi Email Author It seems that the wait is soon going to be over for the Mac users who are hoping to see an updated MacBook Air. Although earlier the indications were that Apple was going to kill the MacBook Air line, a report now suggests that the company will launch an updated version of the Air at WWDC in June. Along with the new MacBook Air, Apple will also reportedly launch new 12-inch MacBook and an updated MacBook Pro, which will have a faster Intel processor. The repair about the new MacBooks come through Bloomberg , although India Today Tech had also earlier learnt that Apple was planning to introduce new Mac hardware at WWDC. Along with the new hardware, Apple is also expected to announce new version of iOS - iOS 11 - for the iPad and the iPhones, and updated macOS for its laptops and desktops. Also Read: MacBook Air, and not MB Pro, was best laptop Apple made and now it's dead If Apple indeed introduces a new MacBook Air at WWDC, this will come as a relief to the Air fans, and there are many of them. For the last three years, the Air has not been updated leading to speculations that it is destined for retirement. Interestingly the lack of update for Air means that it is now the only computer in Apple's product lineup that lacks a Retina display. All other laptops, and even iPads, come with high-resolution IPS screens while Air still sports the older TN technology and low resolution 900P screen. But despite its lack of a good screen, the MacBook Air continues to be popular among buyers. It is still remarkably superior to other laptops in its class and at a selling price of around Rs 55,000 is one of the best value for money computers in the market. In comparison, both the MacBook and the MacBook look somewhat over-priced. Also Read: iPad 2017 quick review: More affordable, less futuristic In fact, it is not just Air. The Mac has done well in the last two years even though Apple's bigger focus has been iPhone and iPad. In the latest quarterly results, Apple's balance sheet showed that Mac sales grew compared to the corresponding quarter last year even as the iPhone and the iPad sales show a dip. It seems that impressive Mac performance in the last few quarters has forced Apple to rethink its Mac strategy. In March Apple CEO Tim Cook had said that the company was investing heavily in Mac. "Revenue grew 14 per cent to a new March quarter record and gained market share thanks to strong demand for our new MacBook Pros," he had said after the company declared the latest quarterly results. "Our Mac business has generated over $25 billion in revenue over the past four quarters. We're investing aggressively in its future and we are very excited about the innovation we can bring to the platform." For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Vodafone offers 28GB data and free calls for Rs 346, offer only until March 15 Apple iPhone 6 at Rs 28,999 isn't such a good idea. Because, OnePlus 3T Airtel offers 28GB 4G data, unlimited calls for Rs 345 to counter Jio Prime Airtel changes Infinity plans again? More data, Rs 499 base pack on offer Recommended Reviews LG G6 review: The dark horse Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro review: Good but not enough to beat the best Canon G9X II review: Best compact camera under Rs 30,000 in India Micromax Evok Note review: Not noteworthy enough Samsung Galaxy S8, Galaxy S8+ review: Cutting the edge and doing it in style VIDEOS WannaCry Ransomware affects India but govt says no harm done Google I/O event: Google to announce a new OS? Rumour roundup: Top iPhone 8 features you should know about more Tech Tips WannaCry ransomware cyber attack: Here's how you can protect yourself Tech Tips: How to delete your WhatsApp account permanently Tech tip: Delete your Facebook account permanently with these easy steps Miss old status in WhatsApp? Here's how to set it up in new WhatsApp Tech tip: Use this free method to watch region-locked YouTube videos in India more Talking Points Priya PathakFree Jio is gone and here is why you are going to miss it badly Shobhit VarmaSamsung Galaxy S8 is gorgeous but it is not perfect and here are 5 reasons why Javed AnwerDear DU, you should teach students NOT TO post on Facebook Javed AnwerIf you find Galaxy S8 overpriced, it is not meant for you Javed AnwerSnapchat fiasco shows India is not just poor but some Indians are also stupid more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
Tweakers Frontpage Nieuws Reviews Pricewatch Vraag & Aanbod Forum Meer Video Downloads IT Banen IT Pro Profielen Tweakblogs Acties & Events Word Abonnee Over Tweakers 0 Account Inloggen Registreren settings vergelijk items0 Zoeken Inloggen Registreren Wij stellen technologie op de proef 31,7K 78,4K Cookies op Tweakers Tweakers maakt gebruik van cookies, onder andere om de website te analyseren, het gebruiksgemak te vergroten en advertenties te tonen. Door gebruik te maken van deze website, of door op 'Ga verder' te klikken, geef je toestemming voor het gebruik van cookies. Wil je meer informatie over cookies en hoe ze worden gebruikt, bekijk dan ons cookiebeleid. Ga verder Meer informatie Firmware-update: Apple WatchOS 3.2.2 Door Bart van Klaveren, woensdag 17 mei 2017 06:20, 4 reacties • Feedback Bron: Apple, submitter: WhatsappHack Apple heeft een update uitgebracht van de software die op de Apple Watch draait. Het bijwerken van de Apple Watch moet via de app op de iPhone worden gedaan; instructies daarvoor zijn op deze pagina te vinden. Versie 3.2.2 moet diverse bugs en beveiligingsproblemen verhelpen, maar sinds versie 3.1.3 is er meer veranderd en voor de volledigheid laten we de veranderingen sindsdien zien. watchOS 3.2.2 This update includes improvements and bug fixes. For information on the security content of Apple software updates, please visit this website. watchOS 3.2 This release introduces the ability to use Siri with apps and Theater Mode to keep the screen dark until you tap it. This release also includes additional improvements and bug fixes. Siri now works with apps from the App Store to start workouts, send messages, make payments, book rides, and more. Theater Mode setting turns on silent mode and keeps the screen dark until you tap it, even when you raise your wrist. Scribble is now available in French, Spanish, and Italian. Music playlist sync progress is now displayed in the Apple Watch app on iPhone. Versienummer 3.2.2 Releasestatus Final Besturingssystemen iOS Website Apple Download https://support.apple.com/nl-nl/HT204641 Licentietype Freeware Reacties (4) Delen Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Vorige download Update-historie 06:20 Apple WatchOS 3.2.2 27-01 Apple WatchOS 3.1.3 05-'15 Apple Watch OS 1.0.1 Wearables Apple Gerelateerde producten Apple Watch vanaf € 345,16 Vergelijk prijzen Apple Watch Sport vanaf € 299,- Vergelijk prijzen Apple Watch Series 2 vanaf € 422,56 Vergelijk prijzen Apple Watch Series 1 vanaf € 319,- Vergelijk prijzen Apple Watch 38mm vanaf € 369,- Vergelijk prijzen Apple Watch Sport 42mm vanaf € 299,- Vergelijk prijzen Alle gerelateerde producten (6) Moderatie-faq• Wijzig weergave Sorteer op: Kwaliteit - beste threads eerst Kwaliteit - slechtste threads eerst Tijd - oudste threads eerst Tijd - nieuwste threads eerst Weergave: Threaded Plat Reacties (4) -1404+12+20+30Ongemodereerd2 +1 DedSec85 17 mei 2017 06:47 Gisteravond deze update geïnstalleerd. Vooralsnog heb ik niet echt verschillen gemerkt. Die Theater mode blijft de meest nuttige toevoeging sinds 3.2. Het update duurt wel altijd ontzettend lang met die Apple Watch dus neem er even je tijd voor. Reageer +1 MiesvanderLippe @DedSec85 • 17 mei 2017 07:02 Ik gooi 'm meestal aan vlak voor ik ga slapen als ie toch al aan de lader ligt - een vereiste voor een update. Reageer 0 Carlos0_0 @MiesvanderLippe • 17 mei 2017 08:30 Een vereiste voor alleen een apple watch update, niet voor de de andere apparaten. Maar inderdaad de watch update duurt best wel een tijdje, dus beter doen voor je gaat slapen ofzo. Reageer 0 Mahidi01 17 mei 2017 08:23 Helaas lukte het mij niet om de update te installeren, dit kwam doordat ik op mijn Watch nog het public-beta certificaat/profiel had staan. Nadat ik deze hard verwijderd en de Watch opnieuw had opgestart lukte het mij wel. Misschien handig om dit te vermelden in het nieuwsitem. Reageer Om te kunnen reageren moet je ingelogd zijn Reactie formulier Reageer: WordPress 4.7.5 Nintendo Switch Samsung Galaxy S8+ LG W7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Google Pixel 2 Sony Bravia A1 OLED Microsoft Xbox One (Scorpio) Apple iPhone 8 Adverteren Contact Weergaveopties Over Tweakers Jouw privacy Algemene voorwaarden Cookies Volg @tweakers Like Tweakers Rss-feeds © 1998 - 2017 de Persgroep Online Services B.V. • Tweakers vormt samen met o.a. Autotrack en Carsom.nl de Persgroep Online Services B.V. • Hosting door True
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 155.47 -0.23 Apple’s new ‘Designed for’ videos highlight Accessibility features with personal stories Chance Miller - May. 16th 2017 9:25 pm PT @ChanceHMiller AAPL Company View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple tonight has shared a series of new videos on its YouTube channel. These videos are part of a new “Designed for” series that highlights people who are using Apple’s Accessibility features to change the way they face life day in and day out… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover The videos all highlight a different person who uses an Accessibility feature to help live everyday life. For instance, “Designed for Patrick L” puts the spotlight on a visually music producer and DJ who relies on features such as VoiceOver to use Logic Pro X and express himself: Patrick is a DJ and producer with a passion for music and excellent food. With VoiceOver, he has the freedom to express himself in his home studio with Logic Pro X and in the kitchen with TapTapSee. Apple also mentions the third-party apps that many people find helpful. For instance, “Designed for Meera P” puts the focus on TouchChat, an app that allows those who have difficulty using their natural voice to verbally communicate: Meera is a teenager who loves soccer and jokes. She uses TouchChat on iPad to talk with her friends and family, and deliver the occasional one-liner. Then, there’s Ian M., who describes himself as a nature and birding enthusiast. Ian uses Siri on iPhone to play a bird call or to quickly start a conversation with a friend, while he uses Switch Control to capture outdoor photography: Ian is an outdoor and birding enthusiast. With Siri on iPhone, he can play a bird call or chat with a friend via FaceTime, and with Switch Control he is able to capture the perfect waterfall photo. All in all, Apple has released seven new videos this evening that highlight its Accessibility features. These videos each focus on a different person and how technology helps them live life to the fullest. Apple has often touted the Accessibility features of its platform and these ads continue that trend, while also putting a focus on some third-party applications that are equally as useful. What do you think of these videos? Watch them all below and let us know what you think down the comments. Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides AAPL Company Breaking news from Cupertino. We’ll give you the latest from Apple headquarters and decipher fact from fiction from the rumor mill. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow The incredible ways people with disabilities customize their tech to thrive 546 Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Meera Phillips types a message to friends on her iPad using text-to-speech technology. Image: Courtesy of Apple By Katie Dupere2017-05-17 04:01:00 UTC There's something undeniably special in the way Meera Phillips looks at you when you speak. It's as if your words are the only words that will ever matter, whether you're talking about something silly or something serious.  The 15-year-old knows the value of hearing what people say. That's because she's used to not being heard. SEE ALSO: This blind Apple engineer is transforming the tech world at only 22 Meera is nonverbal, living with a rare condition called schizencephaly that impacts her ability to speak. But with the help of her iPad and text-to-speech technology, she can make her thoughts and opinions known — and she sure does. From her love of Katy Perry to her passion for soccer, Meera will let you know exactly what's on her mind. All it takes is a few taps of her tablet, and with a specialized app stringing letters into words, and words into phrases, her thoughts are played out loud. Meera's relationship with tech is just one of seven stories featured in a powerful video series created by Apple to spotlight the company's dedication to accessible technology. The videos were released in celebration of Global Accessibility Awareness Day on May 18, a day emphasizing the importance of accessible tech and design. "We see accessibility as a basic human right," says Sarah Herrlinger, senior manager for global accessibility policy and initiatives at Apple. "We want more and more people out there to not only see the work we're doing, but realize the importance of accessibility in general." The videos showcase users with a wide range of disability identities and experiences — from Carlos Vasquez, a blind metal drummer, to Shane Rakowski, a music teacher with hearing loss.  "Now people know I have a lot to say. They know I am smart. They know me. They see me now as Meera." And then there's spunky Meera, who likes to gossip and giggle with her friends on the side of the soccer field and mostly uses her iPad and a text-to-speech app to do so. Her natural voice can only force out short words like "no" and "yes." While Meera knows sign language, the majority of her friends don't. Though she now has tech that works for her, it took Meera a long time to find a way to express herself. In fact, until 10 years ago, getting access to any assistive technology wasn't even possible. Meera was born in India, living on the streets of New Delhi until she was adopted by her moms at age 5. She was nonverbal and homeless from birth, meaning she had no education and few ways of communicating.  But through accessible technology, along with education and sign-language learning, Meera has gained multiple ways to communicate. "Now people know I have a lot to say," says Meera, who now lives in Atlanta with her moms and younger brother, Tucker. "They know I am smart. They know me. They see me now as Meera — their friend, their student, their neighbor. They know I have opinions and good ideas." A still from Meera's Apple video. Image: Courtesy of Apple Accessibility features come standard with each Apple product, meeting a user's needs right out of the box. That's unparalleled in the mainstream tech industry, making the company a favorite of people with disabilities. "There's not just one feature that encompasses 'accessibility,'" Herrlinger says. "There’s really a depth and breadth to what 'accessibility' means." When I ask Meera via video chat how it feels to be able to communicate through her iPad, she taps out an answer on her tablet's keyboard, letter by letter. When she's finished, she plays it through a robotic voice: "It makes me feel happy and smart." "There’s really a depth and breadth to what 'accessibility' means." "You are smart," says Meera's mother, Carolyn Phillips, after hearing her answer. And she is.  Once, for example, Carolyn entered the house to hear the family's Amazon Echo inexplicably blaring Taylor Swift's newest album. Carolyn knew Meera, the only person home at the time, couldn't speak to the Echo to activate Alexa. Convinced the speaker was on the fritz, Carolyn turned off Taylor's tunes. But a couple of minutes later, Swift's songs were booming yet again. Carolyn then realized Meera had hacked the system, connecting the Echo to her iPad to have it follow her commands. By making the two pieces of tech "talk" to each other, she could play Taylor Swift at top volume whenever she wanted. The features built into each Apple device, Herrlinger says, allow people with disabilities to customize their devices to suit their own needs — even if one of those needs is blasting "Blank Space." Middle school music teacher Shane Rakowski, for example, uses her iPhone to control her hearing aids, with the ability to toggle between a standard mode and a music mode. The music mode helps amplify low notes Rakowski can't hear otherwise, while the standard mode helps her to instruct her students.   Rakowski discovered her hearing loss four years ago while teaching a music class in Williamsburg, Virginia. One of her students was hitting the low notes on a marimba — but Rakowski didn't hear any sound. Suddenly, things started to click. It had always been hard for her to understand the low voices of men, and she always spoke with a loud voice, even in one-on-one conversations. Now these low notes — notes her students could hear clearly — registered only as silence. "The kids call them my bionic ears. They say I can hear everything now." Rakowski, whose musical passion and profession rely on the ability to hear, started using hearing aids a little over a year ago. She switched to an iPhone from another phone company because of Apple's accessible technology.  "There's definitely a difference in the way I'm teaching after getting hearing aids," she says. "The students say I'm not as loud as I used to be. I can hear a student's question without asking the whole class to quiet down. I can hear kids talking in the back of the classroom, doing things they aren't quiet supposed to be doing.  "The kids call them my bionic ears. They say I can hear everything now." Rakowski shows off her sleek hearing aids. Image: Courtesy of Apple Carlos Vasquez, a blind metal drummer and professional gamer from Houston, Texas, needs something incredibly different from technology than Rakowski. Yet, he uses the same products she does; he just tailors them differently to fit his needs.  "A lot of times when people think of accessibility, they think things need to be 'dumbed down.' That's not true." While Rakowski relies on visuals to control the volume of sounds coming through her hearing aids, Vasquez relies completely on his voice to navigate his Apple devices. "You basically have this device that, out of the box, is accessible to someone who is blind," he says. "You turn on this feature, and you can use it like anyone else. A lot of times when people think of accessibility, they think things need to be 'dumbed down.' That's not true. It's just a different way of doing the same thing." Vasquez was born with cataracts, which were partially removed when he was very young. After the surgery, he had crystal clear, 20/20 vision. But the cataracts weren't removed completely, and before his teens, Vasquez developed glaucoma. At 10, his vision started to fade. By 28, he was completely blind. Now, Vasquez says he's adapted to blindness with the help of tech, using his iPhone to assist him in everyday tasks, like making phone calls or using social media. "With over a billion people on the planet with a disability, that’s a billion reasons for accessible design." "Technology doesn't change your life," he says. "What changes your life are the things you do for yourself — and then technology can come in and enhance what you are already doing." For Vasquez, that means using tech to assist him in handling social media and public relations for his metal band, Distartica. By using VoiceOver, one of Apple's most well-known accessibility features, Vasquez has access to the same functions as a sighted person. Apple says this universal, customizable accessibility is the driving force behind its innovations for people with disabilities. "With over a billion people on the planet with a disability," Herrlinger says, "that's a billion reasons for accessible design." Image: Courtesy of apple When I ask Meera if she has anything else to add before we stop video chatting, she keeps coming up with something else to say. She's a true chatterbox — a captivating teen with stories to tell. But sometimes, even with accessible tech, it still isn't easy to be heard.  Typing your thoughts letter by letter, even with the aid of text prediction, is tedious work. It allows Meera to be deliberate with her thoughts, but also causes people who are used to quick conversations to lose interest. Meera often struggles to hook people in, failing to keep them around long enough for a discussion. "Before I had the iPhone and iPad, people treated me like I had a disability. They talked about me, not to me."  To prevent this, Meera has pre-written statements plugged into her speech-to-text app to help her introduce herself. She plays some for me with the simple tap of a button. One describes her harrowing time as a toddler on the streets of New Delhi. Another explains all the things she likes to do, like playing soccer and listening to music, in hopes of finding friends with common interests.  The tactic isn't flawless, however. People of all ages still walk away from Meera out of impatience or frustration. But even though Meera has to type out every letter, word, and phrase, she says being able to assert her voice is worth it.  "Before I had the iPhone and iPad, people treated me like I had a disability," Meera says. "They talked about me, not to me. They didn't really know me." She smiles. It's the type of grin that travels up to her eyes, leaving them gleaming. "Now," she adds, "I can tell them who I really am." WATCH: This robotic spoon is changing the lives of people with limited mobility Topics: accessibility, accessible technology, Apple, Dev & Design, disability, Health & Fitness, iPad, iPhone, Social Good, Tech, U.S., Video, Videos About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Live and learn Apple has launched worldwide 'Today at Apple' classes By Mike Tanasychuk Tuesday, May 16, 2017 at 4:36 pm EDT 3 Comments Back in April, Apple announced that it would start offering "Today at Apple" classes at every one of its 495 stores, worldwide, according to MacRumors. Starting today, you can sign up for sessions on Apple's site, which cover everything from coding to how to draw to music to photography and more. Classes will be taught by trained experts that Apple has dubbed "Creative Pros", but some sessions will be run by well-known artists, photographers, and musicians. "Today at Apple classes focus on everything from basic iPhone, iPad, and Mac skills to more advanced topics like mixing music on a Mac, editing photos on an iPhone, and drawing on an iPad." (Juli Clover, MacRumors) The "Today at Apple" program started at Apple's Union Square location in New York and has been available there since that store opened. Classes are designed for all manner of experience levels, from beginners to more experienced users, and there's something for every age group, from children to the elderly. If you want to sign up, you just have to choose your location on the site, and you'll see a list of what's available. Every day there are 4,000 sessions around the world, so you should be able to find something for you. Think you'll take any classes? Sound off in the comments below. Reader comments Apple has launched worldwide 'Today at Apple' classes 3 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating KendallFawcett YAY!!! Oh, wait, the closest Apple Store is still SIX hours away... 0 7 hours ago Reply Moodyz RE: "to more advanced topics like mixing music on a Mac" So basically, they teach people how to buy bloody dongles before any mixing gets done, since all pro audio interfaces out there are either FireWire or USB Type-A. Good job, Apple. Nothing better than giving classes on how people can rip themselves off. 0 7 hours ago Reply m4mario What do you mean bloody dongles? I promise, there is no blood on the dongles. I have personally checked them. 0 6 hours ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Lock it down! Apps that use iCloud will require app-specific passwords starting June 15 By Lory Gil Tuesday, May 16, 2017 at 10:38 am EDT 12 Comments Apps using iCloud will get a little harder to access, but a lot more secure. Apple has sent out a support email explaining that, starting June 15, third-party apps using iCloud to store data will require app-specific passwords across the board. If you want to continue using your favorite third-party app with your iCloud account, you'll have to enable two-factor authentication and generate individual passwords for each app. The email was reported on originally by MacRumors. Beginning on 15 June, app-specific passwords will be required to access your iCloud data using third-party apps such as Microsoft Outlook, Mozilla Thunderbird, or other mail, contacts and calendar services not provided by Apple. If you are already signed in to a third-party app using your primary Apple ID password, you will be signed out automatically when this change takes effect. You will need to generate an app-specific password and sign in again. I know this sounds like a serious inconvenience, but in light of how many malware attacks have been taking place around the world, and with such severity, app-specific passwords will ensure your private data is locked down with a deadbolt and protected with a body guard. In other words, it's worth it. With two-factor authentication set up no one can access your Apple account without you knowing about it, even if someone has your password. You'll get a notification on a trusted device requesting your confirmation that you're the one trying to access your data. With app-specific passwords required for third-party apps, you'll be able to allow your favorite apps to link to iCloud without having to enter your Apple ID password, potentially exposing you to attack. If you don't already have two-factor authentication enabled, you'll need to do so if you want to continue using apps that access iCloud. How to enable 2-factor authentication Once you have two-factor authentication set up, you'll be able to generate app-specific passwords from Appleid.apple.com. How to generate app-specific passwords Reader comments Apps that use iCloud will require app-specific passwords starting June 15 12 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating cctpitts01 Well this is going to be a pain in the @$$ 😔 0 10 hours ago Reply Emeroid You had better believe it. I’m already thinking of turning off 2FA as it often quirks out. 0 10 hours ago Reply Dark_Huntress I am so sick of passwords!! 0 9 hours ago Reply cmdacos Moving in the wrong direction unfortunately. The Apple initiated pop ups and password requests we get now is painful as it is. Posted via the iMore App for Android 0 8 hours ago Reply Brian SF This is nuts. Apple devices are already difficult to use. I get so many password prompts now for what appear to be no good reasons (other than to annoy me endlessly). As an aside, my "favorite" is the one that says I need to enter my device password at some unknowable interval even though I have TouchID enabled. I understand the need for security. I have 2-factor enabled (never enabled 2-step... that implementation was stupid). I don't think I use any apps that use iCloud. If I did, I'd probably check to see if could stop using them when this change goes into effect. This is getting out of hand. 0 7 hours ago Reply traymn I've used iCloud mail for 3 years and been happy. But I had so many hassles on my non i device for work, I turned off 2FA. May need to switch to different mail provider as well. 0 7 hours ago Reply cuttheredwire So, this is just email, right? Things were you have to sign in. I don't sign into iA Writer to use iCloud, Documents, or Pixelmator. I do use contacts with Spark, but I don't sign in with it. It just comes from the system. I don't think that will require an extra step to sign in… will it? 0 6 hours ago Reply Duke Nukem 3D More passwords? I'm running out of sticky notes :-( 0 6 hours ago Reply returnmyjedi So Apple are now implementing app passwords, something Microsoft and Google did about ten years ago and have since moved onto using authenticator apps or device notifications. Apple really, really need to invest some of their mountains of cash in their software as the user experience is falling way behind the competition now. 0 6 hours ago Reply DannyJJK Pretty sure Apple's user experience has been to a very high standard, of course you can always ask the users for their own experiences 0 4 hours ago Reply Moodyz Inelegant, but necessary, I suppose. 0 4 hours ago Reply JBHorner Wow...this is really dumb. This is another example of Apple not finding a way to deal with security issues other than put them on the backs of users. What happened to the Apple that took the user experience as a first priority? 0 1 sec ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Shiny Stroll through Apple Park with Steven Levy By Serenity Caldwell Tuesday, May 16, 2017 at 1:16 pm EDT 0 Comments Apple Park — the company's new campus, and former CEO Steve Jobs's final project — is almost finished, and Steven Levy got a sneak peek at it for Wired. We've gotten plenty of peeks at Apple's new corporate campus, Apple Park, courtesy of various drone operators and a few highlights from the company itself. But as its official opening draws near, Steven Levy (writing for Wired) got a first-hand look at the campus in progress. We drive through an entrance that takes us under the building and into the courtyard before driving back out again. Since it's a ring, of course, there is no main lobby but rather nine entrances. Ive opts to take me in through the café, a massive atrium-like space ascending the entire four stories of the building. Once it's complete, it will hold as many as 4,000 people at once, split between the vast ground floor and the balcony dining areas. Along its exterior wall, the café has two massive glass doors that can be opened when it's nice outside, allowing people to dine al fresco. "This might be a stupid question," I say. "But why do you need a four-story glass door?" Ive raises an eyebrow. "Well," he says. "It depends how you define need, doesn't it?" Levy has long had a knack for crafting engaging interviews and stories of the tech landscape, and this Apple Park profile is no different: Not only does Levy tour the campus, but he reflects on its larger statement to the world: It's probably more accurate to say that Apple Park is the architectural avatar of the man who envisioned it, the same man who pushed employees to produce those signature products. In the absence of his rigor and clarity, he left behind a headquarters that embodies both his autobiography and his values. The phrase that keeps coming up in talks with key Apple figures is "Steve's gift." Behind that concept is the idea that in the last months of his life, Jobs expended significant energy to create a workplace that would benefit Apple's workers for perhaps the next century. "This was a hundred-year decision," Cook says. "And Steve spent the last couple of years of his life pouring himself in here at times when he clearly felt very poorly. Set aside fifteen minutes of your afternoon and read Levy's interview for more on Jobs's influence, Apple Park's new "pod"-based workplace, and Apple's newest (pizza-based) product for Café Macs. One More Thing: Inside Apple's Insanely Great (or Just Insane) New Mothership Reader comments Stroll through Apple Park with Steven Levy 0 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Newsletter Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport share: Share on Facebook Facebook Messenger Share on Twitter Twitter Email a friend Mail Search gadgets tablets Apple is expected stop updates for iPad Mini and phase the device out APPLE’S iPad Mini has reportedly been cannibalised by the iPhone 7 Plus and, as a result, its future is now in serious doubt. Nick Whighamnews.com.au@NWWHIGHAM news.com.au May 17, 201711:31am Video Image Matthew Dunn reviews: iPhone 72:57 Matthew Dunn reviews: iPhone 7 October 4th 2016 7 months ago /video/video.news.com.au/News/ Apple iPad Mini may be on the way out. THE iPad’s little brother might not be long for this world. It has had a good run but today many are readying to write its epitaph. Apple is reportedly considering stopping updates for the iPad Mini and discontinuing the device because its sales are effectively getting cannibalised by the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus. The news comes for a report by tech publication GBR, which cites a source “close to Apple”. The consumer tech giant launched the iPad Mini back in 2012 and in terms of sales the cheaper device was able to hold its own against the iPad Pro and the iPad Air. But since then the company has followed Samsung into the so-called “phablet” market by including an extra large Plus model in its iPhone 7 range. The phone is just 2.2 inches smaller than the iPad Mini and boasts a superior camera. Apple seems to believe this has put a squeeze on sales of the smaller iPad. According to the source cited by BGR, “fierce cannibalism of our own products” meant that the iPad Mini was being “sized out of its own category”. Apple fans are expecting a redesigned iPad Pro later this year which should improve on the current 9.7-inch iPad and a reduced bezel could see it come with a larger display. Apple is rumoured to be announcing some new products including a possible Siri home speaker and a range of new Macbook laptops at its developers conference in June. It seems unlikely but it might be at the usually software-focused conference that we get any official confirmation on the fate of the iPad Mini. It was hardly the most beloved device in Apple’s product range and news of its potential demise has been met with a mixed response online. Sad to hear that the #iPadMini line is going to get discontinued. But with the 9.7-inch #iPad5G at $329, there's no need for the #iPadMini.— David Becker (@iBeckTech) May 16, 2017 I never did agree with Apple making the iPad mini. I think it has ultimately harmed the platform. I won’t be sad to see it discontinued.— James Burland (@jamesburland) May 16, 2017 Oh reportedly iPad mini won't be updated and will phase out in a near future. I'm so sad for this— Kobayashi (@k_chable) May 16, 2017 @MacRumors @rsgnl Time for all drone users to start hoarding the iPad mini.— Simcumcise (@simcumcise) May 16, 2017 @hinesriley I love my iPad mini. I have small hands making it is easier to hold and it fits in a smaller purse. First World Problems.— Robin Moss (@RobinatRibit) May 16, 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet this story Send in email Jump back to top trending in technology 668 Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane forecast: Low will bring ‘most r... 332 Students getting pepper sprayed in science class: Video goes... 232 Shed Simove’s one man dating app Shinder irks Tinder 361 Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane forecasts: Month’s worth of rain... 139 CodeCamp Australia: Founders trying to turn 200,000 Aussie k... 105 And Then You’re Dead book extract: Nuclear winter after war ... 92 HTC U11: Squeeze this Android phone to take a selfie 68 Pacific island beach covered in 38 million pieces of rubbish 55 iPad mini to be discontinued? Apple rumours swirl MORE IN Tablet How the Apple store is changing The bug that is crashing iPhones New emoji coming to your smartphone Apple update: What you need to know FOLLOW US ADVERTISE ABOUT US CONNECT Be rewarded for your opinions JOIN Please enter a valid email address Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News Limited Copyright © 2017. All times AEST (GMT +10). Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bottom JS
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Apple to Unveil Three New Laptops Including Updated MacBook Pro at WWDC [Report] iPhone 8 Renders Based on 'Highly Detailed CAD File' [Images] Apple Launches 'Today at Apple' Programs at Its Retail Stores [Video] Beautiful iOS 11 Redesign With Dark Mode, Inspired by Apple Music App [Images] Apple Pay Launches in Italy Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 [Download] Tim Cook Charity Lunch Auction Raises $688,999 to Benefit RFK Center An Early Look Inside Apple Park Apple to Update Apple Watch With Glucose Monitoring, Smart Bands? Apple Posts New Beats By Dre Ad Featuring LeBron James, Kevin Durant, Draymond Green, James Harden [Video] Apple Seeds iOS 10.3.3 Beta 1 to Developers [Download] Apple to Phase Out the iPad Mini? Apple Releases macOS Sierra 10.12.5 [Download] App-Specific Passwords Will Be Required for Third-Party Access to iCloud Data Starting June 15 Instagram Launches Face Filters, Rewind, Hashtag Sticker, Eraser Brush [Video] Apple Posts New iPhone 7 Plus Ad: Barbers [Video] Nintendo is Bringing 'The Legend of Zelda' to iPhone [Report] Apple Likely to Unveil 10.5-inch iPad Pro, Siri Smart Speaker at WWDC [Report] Philips Announces New Philips Hue White Ambiance Fixtures, Table Lamps, Candle Bulb Apple Releases watchOS 3.2.2 [Download] Apple Pay Launches in Italy LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 3 hours ago by iClarified · 1047 views · Translate Apple has launched Apple Pay in Italy with support for Visa and Mastercard. Apple Pay is easy to use and works with the devices you always have with you: to pay with your credit or debit cards is just a touch. And since Apple never shares card data, payments with Apple Pay on the iPhone, Apple Watch, iPad and Mac are safer and more secure. To start, cards from Carrefour Banca, UniCredit, and Boon can be used with the mobile payments service. Apple Pay is now available in Australia, Canada, China, France, Hong Kong, Ireland, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Russia, Singapore, Spain, Switzerland, Taiwan, UK, and the USA. Read More Follow iClarified Comments Add Comment Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Wednesday, May 17, 2017 As of 4:48 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Technology Apple MacBook 2017 models to be announced in June; Air notebook could get a surprise upgrade By Alvin Alcalde @ULB1N on May 17 2017 1:49 PM 0 0 0 0 The new Macbook Air Pro is pictured during the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference 2012 in San Francisco, California June 11, 2012. Reuters/Stephen Lam Apple is reportedly announcing new laptop models at the upcoming Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC 2017) that is set to happen in June. Expected to be announced are the revamped versions of the MacBook and MacBook Pro. The company is likewise thinking of overhauling the more affordable Air notebook. The most recent MacBook Pro refresh happened in October of last year when Apple equipped it with a Touch Bar and made the unit slimmer. The new Pro laptop is reportedly going to house a faster Kaby Lake chipset, which is an improvement over the Skylake processor of the recent model. Don’t expect an external overhaul, though, as Apple is likely just going to update the new system’s internal components. The California tech giant is said to be working on a customised ARM chip that could optimise the MacBook Pro’s low power features. Unfortunately, the new chip may not make it in time for the launch. The MacBook, meanwhile, is also expected to pack a new Kaby Lake processor. According to Bloomberg, the MacBook Air is also likely getting a processor upgrade, which could mean that it’s here to stay for an extended period of time. The variant was last updated more than a couple of years. Apple has been phasing it out to give way to the MacBook and the MacBook Pro, but it remains popular among consumers due to being less expensive. Word has it that Apple is also launching a brand new Siri speaker at the June event. The rumoured 10.5-inch iPad Pro with supposed thinner bezels and an almost edge-to-edge look is likewise expected to show up at WWDC 2017. Those who are hoping for some desktop refresh, however, should not get their hopes up as there is no buzz regarding a new iMac or Mac Mini at the five-day conference. Apple is indeed working on its new desktop line-up, but it could take a while before the batch is launched. The most recent iMac update was back in October 2015, close to 600 days ago. The Mac Mini, on the hand, hasn’t received an upgrade since October 2014. That’s over 940 days ago. Previous reports indicate that Apple could sell the 13-inch basic MacBook Pro 2017 for about US$2,199 (AU$2,965) while the 15-inch model with Touch Bar could carry an astounding US$4,249 (AU$5,730) price tag. The new Pro line-up is projected to sport upgraded 3,200 x 1,800 QHD+ Retina displays. RELATED STORIES: Apple MacBook plastic model now labelled obsolete, some iPhones too Apple Watch to reportedly have blood sugar-monitoring functionality; Camera band also a possibility Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Apple Watch can now detect cardiac arrhythmia with 97 percent accuracy Samsung Galaxy S8+ vs iPhone 7 Plus: Battery comparison [VIDEO] Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 This company is giving away a free 'Outlander' tour 0 Shares 2 ‘Designated Survivor’ Season 2 confirmed 0 Shares 3 ‘Game of Thrones’ season 7 full trailer soon 0 Shares 4 ‘Outlander’ season 3: ‘Out of this world performance’ 0 Shares 5 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Fergus at beach and Governor’s house 0 Shares 6 ‘Prison Break’ Season 5: Sarah Wayne Callies opens up on Michael 0 Shares 7 Features fans want to see again on “The Sims 5” 0 Shares 8 SolarCity CEO quits; Cash-heavy competitors pose threat to Tesla 0 Shares 9 Videos to increase business conversion by 80% 0 Shares 10 ‘Vikings’ season 5 will blow socks off; Filming all wrapped up 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Telstra Wifi calling capability enabled for iPhone, Samsung Galaxy users Manufacturers get $100-million fund as automotive producers leave Australia Qantas crowned Australia’s most attractive employer NT okays $800m Northern Gas Pipeline, Jemena poised to solve Australia's gas crisis Microsoft says WannaCry ransomware must be a wake-up call for governments Gov't reveals cyber attack in Australian businesses is rising More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance FDA to require restaurants to post nutritional info for their menu starting May 5 Melania Trump welcomes Queen Rania of Jordan, heads to an all-girls school Pump hydro storage can help build 100 percent renewable energy grid Study shows Western Australians are unhappiest at work; older, female employees are more satisfied Egyptians unite after church bombing; Abdel Fatah el-Sisi declares state of emergency Trump to visit China; Xi approves 100-day trade talks plan More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Kaepernick, RG3 may be suiting up next season after all WWE Extreme Rules to determine Brock Lesnar’s first Universal title opponent Shayanna Jenkins-Hernandez singles out inconsistencies in Aaron Hernandez suicide Celtics vs Wizards Game 7 live stream: 2017 NBA Playoffs live streaming, preview, start time Lakers Trade News: Teams calling about D'Angelo Russell after NBA Draft Lottery 2017 NBA Draft Lottery live stream: How it works, odds of Lakers losing Top-3 pick More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More Australia to soon grow medical marijuana locally, believes expert Cyber attack 2017: Aussies urged to update anti-virus software Telstra to refund nbn customers not receiving promised speeds Famed Nintendo titles ‘Legend of Zelda’ and ‘Pokemon’ getting mobile version soon Apple Watch can now detect cardiac arrhythmia with 97 percent accuracy Spyslide webcam cover: Features, price and release details More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design 'Avengers: Infinity War' may introduce new generation of Avengers Marvel may re-acquire film rights with 'Spider-Man: Homecoming' James Gunn hints 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3' release date ‘The Last Kingdom’: Exclusive interview with Alexander Dreymon '13 Reasons Why' season 2: What to expect One more character may not make it to the second season of 'Riverdale' More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Jump to navigation Log in Sign Up Feed Main menu Articles Containers Gaming Hardware 3D printing Arduino Raspberry Pi Law Licensing Patents Linux OpenStack Programming JavaScript Perl Python SysAdmin DevOps Resources Projects and applications Conferences and events Organizations The open source cloud Big data Docker Internet of things Kubernetes Linux containers Microservices OpenStack Software defined networking Open source alternatives Alternatives to Acrobat Alternatives to AutoCAD Alternatives to Dreamweaver Alternatives to Gmail Alternatives to MATLAB Alternatives to Minecraft Alternatives to Picasa Alternatives to Publisher Alternatives to Slack Alternatives to Trello More... eBooks Open Source Yearbook About The Open Source Way Meet the team Press kit Contact Community Join the community Register Rules for comments and discussions Community Moderator program Community Columnist program Points and badges Editorial calendar Submit your story Writer testimonials Guides for writers Article submission and style guide How to conduct an interview How to enter an article Tips for promoting your Opensource.com article Writing topics Contributor Club The Open Org What is an open organization? What is The Open Organization? What is the Open Decision Framework? Twitter chats Open Org FAQs Resources Field guide download Catalyst in Chief download Leaders Manual download Chapter download Discussion guide download Reading list Book club Book series announcements Ambassadors program Meet the ambassadors Search form Search Main menu Articles Containers Gaming Hardware 3D printing Arduino Raspberry Pi Law Linux OpenStack Programming JavaScript Perl Python SysAdmin DevOps Resources Projects and applications Conferences and events Organizations The open source cloud Open source alternatives eBooks Open Source Yearbook About Community The Open Org What is an open organization? What is The Open Organization? What is the Open Decision Framework? Twitter chats Open Org FAQs Resources Field guide download Catalyst in Chief download Leaders Manual download Chapter download Discussion guide download Reading list Book club Book series announcements Ambassadors program 8 open source tools for managing macOS About the author Lucas Hall - Lucas is a Apple Systems Administrator in Bellingham, Washington. » More about me Learn how you can contribute 8 open source tools for managing macOS It's a great time to be a macOS admin thanks to great open source tools like these. Posted 16 May 2017 Lucas HallFeed 6up Image credits :  Image from Unsplash.com, Creative Commons Zero  A phrase I hear quite a bit these days is, "What a great time to be a Mac admin!" I think there are a lot of factors contributing to that feeling, but the one of the biggest is the explosion of tools developed by the incredible open source community managing macOS. Here are eight of the tools I'm most interested in. Application deployment The Luggage The Luggage is a wrapper that allows you to create Apple PKG format packages for internally developed applications. It requires Apple command line developer tools to be installed. The use of a makefile allows for easy versioning and exploration of differences between package versions. Munki Munki isn't an app as much as it is an idea or an ecosystem. It deploys imported applications to clients in a defined manner. Its logic is almost exclusively run on the client software on each machine under the guise of Managed Software Center.app. Because of this, the repository of applications and metadata can be stored on any web server on any platform you feel comfortable deploying in your environment. Munki runs under Managed Software Center Munki allows for the selective deployment of specific apps, allowing for the "optional install" of some while also having the ability of a "force install by date" for any package. The Managed Software Center application can act as a self-service portal for internal applications, and customizable headers and side panel links give it the potential to be a central springboard for your organization. In this brief overview, I can't describe all that munki can do, so I encourage you to check out the documentation. Reposado Reposado is a set of Python tools that mimics the Apple Server's Software Update Caching Service. Reposado is nice if you would like to cache Apple Software Updates and deploy them internally for bandwidth savings. It also allows granular control so you have the option to release new updates to a test group before they hit your production environment. It's simple but very effective in what it what it does, and at a couple hundred megabytes per update release, it may save you quite a bit of bandwidth depending on your environment. Fleet visibility and client management Munkireport-php Munkireport-php uses munki's run schedule and flight scripts to gather and present data about any machines using munki. Munkireport-php is an incredible tool for fleet visibility—from diskspace to domain binding, internet interfaces to munki run status, its dashboard presents a great amount of information about anything from a few machines to a mass fleet. Munkireport-php dashboard Another benefit of munkireport-php is its modular design, which allows you to add your own items to munkireport-php without changing the underlying code. It's designed to expand via modules, and it's easy for users to create new ones, provided they don't already exist in the expansive list of default modules. Facebook's Osquery Osquery is described as "operating system instrumentation framework." When I first heard of it, I had no clue what it does, but I can now summarize it as "a lot." Its GitHub does a much better job of describing it: "osquery exposes an operating system as a high-performance relational database. This allows you to write SQL-based queries to explore operating system data. With osquery, SQL tables represent abstract concepts such as running processes, loaded kernel modules, open network connections, browser plugins, hardware events, or file hashes." The possibilities for osquery seem overwhelming, but it has some good query packs for macOS attacks on its project site. Google Santa (Beta) Santa is a management tool that allows for the whitelisting/blacklisting of items on a macOS system. It monitors macOS for any binary execution, checks the binary against a defined database, and either blocks or allows the binary. Santa almost has a "naughty or nice" mentality … I see what they did there. Santa operates in two main modes: "Monitor" mode, which by default will allow all binaries to run unless they're marked "block," and "Lockdown," which allows only whitelisted binaries to execute. As Santa's Intentions and Expectations statement says: "No single system or process will stop all attacks, or provide 100% security... As a centrally managed component, Santa can help stop the spread of malware among a larger fleet of machines. Independently, Santa can aid in analyzing what is running on your computer." Zentral (Beta) Zentral is No. 1 on my watch list at the moment, and in my development environment it's a tool that integrates several of the previously mentioned tools and many others. Zentral is a centralized place to add, maintain, and initiate queries via osquery. It also supports Google Santa, acting as a central point to create and maintain block/allow lists of binaries. If you stopped there I would be sold, but it gets better, as zentral can gather and parse information from several different client management suites such as munki, as well as commercially available solutions such as JAMFPro and Filewave. Some of zentral's architecture areas Parts of zentral's ecosystem The Community This may not be a specific software or tool, but in my opinion, the community is the macOS admin's most important tool. If you reach out for help on any of the projects listed here, the community may point you to its respective channel in the MacAdmins Slack. Slack is a great place to connect with 10,000+ macOS administrators around the world. I have never worked in a community of people that is so welcoming and helpful. I hope to see you on Slack! Lucas Hall spoke at LinuxFest Northwest 2017 and will be speaking at Penn State Macadmins 2017, presenting Managing macOS, without macOS (almost). Tags LinuxFest Northwest 2017 About the author Lucas Hall - Lucas is a Apple Systems Administrator in Bellingham, Washington. » More about me Learn how you can contribute Comment now Login or Register to earn points for your comments. Your name * E-mail * The content of this field is kept private and will not be shown publicly. Accept the Terms of Use to continue. You are licensing your contribution(s) as CC-BY-SA. * Comment * Verification * Type the characters you see in the picture; if you can't read them, submit the form and a new image will be generated. Not case sensitive.  Switch to audio verification. Home page Sign up for Opensource.com news Footer Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Meet the Team Visit opensource.org Find us:  Twitter Facebook Google Plus Instagram Youtube LinkedIn Flickr RSS For more discussion on open source and the role of the CIO in the enterprise, join us at The EnterprisersProject.com. The opinions expressed on this website are those of each author, not of the author's employer or of Red Hat. Opensource.com aspires to publish all content under a Creative Commons license but may not be able to do so in all cases. You are responsible for ensuring that you have the necessary permission to reuse any work on this site. Red Hat and the Shadowman logo are trademarks of Red Hat, Inc., registered in the United States and other countries.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 155.47 -0.23 Images show Apple begin overnight refresh on older retail stores [Gallery] Chance Miller - May. 16th 2017 7:54 pm PT @ChanceHMiller Apple Store View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Last week, we reported that Apple was preparing to perform an overnight refresh on its older retail locations beginning tonight, May 16th into May 17th. Now that retail stores are closing for the night, the refresh process as begun as you can see in the below image… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover The images show Apple Store employees begin overhauling the store design. These specific images were taken at a New Jersey Apple Store which does not feature Apple’s latest retail store design. As you can see in the images, Apple will be placing black curtains over the windows so those passing by can’t get a look at what’s changing with the overhaul. This overnight refresh, which is occurring at a plethora of stores around the world, will see Apple bring its older retail locations more up-to-par with its newer and redesigned locations. Many older stores cannot accommodate all of the new design features, though, so Apple is giving them a smaller refresh that turns them in to a sort of “halfway house” between the new and old design. We first caught a glimpse of Apple’s new retail store back in 2015, when the Jony Ive design was shown to the press in Brussels, Belgium. Retail head Angela Ahrendts also showed off the new features ahead of the opening of San Francisco’s Union Square store. The new design features a large display screen, power sockets that rise out of the tables when you wave your hand, the “Genius Grove,” and more. We’ll have to wait until the morning to see what exact changes come to older Apple Stores, though it will likely vary on a store-by-store basis. We’re expecting to see natural materials such as granite and wood have greater prominence in the new design. Apple earlier today officially launched its new “Today at Apple” retail initiative, as well. This effort sees stores put a heavier focus on educational and creative classes and events. The program is launching with 4,000 daily sessions that are free and open to the public. If your local Apple Store is undergoing an overnight refresh, be sure to snap some pictures and let us know in the comments. Thanks, Josh! Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides Apple Store View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Shop iPhone New Apple Patents Allude to iPhone 8 TouchID and Edge-to-edge Display Features By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on May 17, 2017 12:15 PM It should be clear by now that patents are quite important to any company especially big ones like Apple. Also, many would have figured out that Apple has been one of the top companies who file patents on a regular basis. That is why is not a surprise if we hear about a patent filed by the company. However, this time around, a new patent filing alludes that technology that Apple might have used for the upcoming iPhone 8. According to Patently Apple, one patent in particular pertains to the technique in reducing the bezel of a certain device. This patent details the techniques in production as well as the rough design of the display in question. Apple patent for a bezel-less display (via patentlyapple.com) In the patent, Apple suggests using a flexible substrate for the display and touch panels. This particular technique will enable the reduction of the in-active area, otherwise known as the bezel, as the substrate is folded and wraps around the back surface of the panel. The second patent is basically just an addendum to the one filed back in February. In the new version of the patent, a user may be able to validate a fingerprint on any part of the screen. The new patent also described the separation between the touch panel and the finger biometrics sensing layer. According to the said patent, this could be achieved by a switchable blocking area. This area will go in between the sensor and the touch panel. Apple patent for in-display fingerprint scanning (via patentlyapple.com) It should be noted that these are nothing but patents that may or may not be implemented at all. Apple files patents on a regular basis to protect itself from various entities that may try and extort money from it. There are no way of verifying if these patents will eventually make their way into the iPhone 8. Nevertheless, if all goes well, fans and consumers alike could be looking at a technological marvel that is the iPhone 8. For more updates on the iPhone 8, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also read: iOS 10.2 Jailbreak Might Be The Last You Can Do: Pangu, Todesco Updates New Apple Patents Allude to iPhone 8 TouchID and Edge-to-edge Display Features May 17th, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:apple patents, featured, iPhone 8 Features Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Apple Finally Patents MagSafe to USB Type C Adapter Apple Envisions Dumb Terminals for iPhone and iPad in US Patent Filing iPhone 8 vs HTC Ultra : Features, Price And Release Updates Product Super Rude Bear Resurrection Sony PlayStation 4 Skin (PS4) – Gold Gears of War 4 Ultimate Edition Razer Blade Stealth Ninite Overwatch About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured PES 2018 Release Date Leaked, Barcelona Edition, And First Gameplay Details Revealed For Honor Update 1.07 Datamine Reveals New Executions Injustice 2 DLC: Darkseid And Fighter Pack 1 Available Now PES 2018 Release Date Leaked, Barcelona Edition, And First Gameplay Details Revealed Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Injustice 2 DLC: Darkseid And Fighter Pack 1 Available Now Fans that didn’t pre-order NetherRealms’ fighting game are in luck, as the studio’s Injustice... Assassin’s Creed Origins Release Date By March 2018, E3 2017 Reveal Teased By Ubisoft Ubisoft is readying big things this year as the publisher’s studios are developing several... Friday the 13th Game: Main Differences From Dead By Daylight Gun Media’s Friday the 13th game has repeatedly been compared with Behavior Interactive’s Dead... Destiny 2 Leaks: New Weapon Type And Subclasses Revealed Days away from a gameplay reveal and we have another Destiny 2 leak gaining... Overwatch Anniversary Event Start Date To Be Announced Beforehand, Possibly Starts Next Week Blizzard has recently confirmed that they will announce the start date of their in-game... POPULAR TAGS featured Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony mobile gaming Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook iOS PC pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Pokemon Go Update Capcom Overwatch Marvel Stephen Heller NBA 2k17 iPad iPhone 7 Blizzard Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Shop Tablet iPad Mini No More: Apple Reported to Discontinue iPad Mini in Favour of Redesigned iPad Pro By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on May 17, 2017 12:16 PM In today’s technology trend, it is not uncommon to see a product get phased out as the demand for it dwindles. This is the story of the iPad Mini. Rumor has it that Apple will eventually discontinue the said tablet sooner, rather than later. According to BGR, a source close to Apple claims that the company is considering the discontinuation of the iPad mini due to declining sales. Furthermore, the company is also said to favour newer products the will replace the tablet in the long run. The report also mentioned that it is possible that Apple will replace the iPad Mini with a redesigned 9.7-inch iPad Pro. The said iPad Pro model is rumoured to be launched this summer. The purported iPad Pro will have the same design feature of the 10.5-inch iPad Pro wherein the form factor is kept really small. It has been reported on many occasions that the 10.5-inch iPad Pro will be the same size as the original 9.7-inch tablet. Now, the new claims suggest that the smallest of the iPad Pro tablets will have an even smaller build. iPad mini 4 (via apple.com) It is quite understandable as to why Apple would think to discontinue the iPad mini. In recent months, the company has seen record lows on sales for the said tablet. In a corporate perspective, it is more practical to end the life cycle of a product that incurs more losses in the end. It is unsure whether Apple will use the upcoming Worldwide Developers Conference to announce the iPad Mini replacement. However, according to reports by Ming-Chi Kuo, there is a 70 percent chance that the 10.5-inch iPad Pro will make it in the said event. Along with the iPad Pro, Apple is also expiate to unveil its version of a standalone virtual assistant similar to the Amazon Echo. The same report from Kuo claims that there is a 50 percent chance Apple will launch the Siri Speaker during this year’s WWDC event. For more updates on the iPad mini, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also read: AMD to Release Three Enthusiast AMD RX Vega Graphics Card Next Month iPad Mini No More: Apple Reported to Discontinue iPad Mini in Favour of Redesigned iPad Pro May 17th, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:featured, iPad mini discontinuation, iPad Pro redesign, iPad Pro Release Date Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you iPad Pro Update: Apple Launches Smaller iPad; Key Differences With iPad Air 2 Product SteelSeries QcK Gaming Mouse Pad Samsung 850 EVO 500GB 2.5-Inch SATA III Internal SSD (MZ-75E500B/AM) Gears of War 4 Ultimate Edition Overwatch ASTRO A50 Wireless Headset + Base Station Super Rude Bear Resurrection About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured Xbox Gold Free Games June 2017 Lineup Wish List: Prey, Shadow Warrior, And More PES 2018 Release Date Leaked, Barcelona Edition, And First Gameplay Details Revealed For Honor Update 1.07 Datamine Reveals New Executions Xbox Gold Free Games June 2017 Lineup Wish List: Prey, Shadow Warrior, And More Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Injustice 2 DLC: Darkseid And Fighter Pack 1 Available Now Fans that didn’t pre-order NetherRealms’ fighting game are in luck, as the studio’s Injustice... Assassin’s Creed Origins Release Date By March 2018, E3 2017 Reveal Teased By Ubisoft Ubisoft is readying big things this year as the publisher’s studios are developing several... Friday the 13th Game: Main Differences From Dead By Daylight Gun Media’s Friday the 13th game has repeatedly been compared with Behavior Interactive’s Dead... Destiny 2 Leaks: New Weapon Type And Subclasses Revealed Days away from a gameplay reveal and we have another Destiny 2 leak gaining... Overwatch Anniversary Event Start Date To Be Announced Beforehand, Possibly Starts Next Week Blizzard has recently confirmed that they will announce the start date of their in-game... POPULAR TAGS featured Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony mobile gaming Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon ps4 Ubisoft Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook iOS PC pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Pokemon Go Update Capcom Overwatch Marvel Stephen Heller NBA 2k17 iPad iPhone 7 Blizzard Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 Portfolio Perspective Iconic Tour College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Cramer Remix Cramer Remix: Why Carl Icahn’s decision to sell Apple was the right one Elizabeth Gurdus | @elizabethgurdus 8 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Cramer Remix: Why Carl Icahn’s decision to sell Apple was the right one    8 Hours Ago | 01:15 The time is upon us where hedge funds file their 13-F forms and disclose their holdings to Wall Street, but Jim Cramer warned investors that piggybacking is often not in their best interests. The "Mad Money" host recalled when legendary investor Carl Icahn sold all of his huge position in Apple when the stock was at $95 in April 2016, citing concerns about business in China. Beyond that being an objectively bad time and price to sell Apple's stock, Cramer said that anyone who followed Icahn blindly deserves the blame for their loss. "Icahn did what was right for Icahn. He didn't necessarily do what was right for you, because he doesn't work for you. He's got zero fiduciary responsibility to you. None. In fact, I consider it a gift that he even bothers to tell you what he's up to," Cramer said. Cramer added that Icahn was right to worry about China, which did see a temporary slowdown that hurt Apple's sales, and that the investment guru sold at a massive gain — it would have been a cardinal sin to sell at a loss. "The lesson here should be crystal clear: whether it be Bristol-Myers or Allergan or Apple or any other stock, you must do your own research," Cramer explained. "I want you to recognize that while you may not be a full-time money manager, there is no reason whatsoever you have be a full-time amateur." Ramin Talaie | Bloomberg | Getty Images A employee at a Home Depot store in Brooklyn, New York. While reflecting on the 20th anniversary of e-commerce giant Amazon's IPO, Cramer wanted to address the difficulty of staying in a good stock by looking at the market's "here and now." "Lots of people have been opining about how this incredible stock [Amazon] could have eluded so many of us who were customers," Cramer said. "I want to zoom out and discuss some stocks that are hot in today's market and why it's so darn hard to stay in them, even as I think they could be incredibly rewarding." Cramer started with Home Depot, a home furnishings retailer that many on the Street thought would, like so many others, fall victim to Amazon's influence. "In some cases, that may be true," he acknowledged. "However, this morning Home Depot reported the best quarter of any major retailer relative to expectations, with same-store sales up 5.5 percent versus the 3.9 percent that Wall Street was looking for. So much for the shortfall thesis. That makes this stock exhibit A in the here and now for why people sell winners." Getty Images Qualcomm Inc. CEO Steve Mollenkopf. The tech sector is on fire, with semiconductor stocks seeing major gains almost every day, but Jim Cramer noticed that one name has been lagging behind the rest: Qualcomm. "Here's a company that's in the middle of acquiring longtime Cramer-fave NXP Semiconductors, a terrific play on the internet of things and the connected car that my charitable trust owns, but Qualcomm's stock has just been a total dog," the "Mad Money" host said. A key player in the telecommunications space that provides chips and other equipment to various smartphone makers, Qualcomm has seen its stock go down 15 percent since the start of 2017, while the rest of the Nasdaq 100 rallied 17 percent. To figure out whether Qualcomm's stock can break out of its rut, Cramer turned to the charts of technician Tim Collins, his colleague at RealMoney.com with a strong record on predicting technology stocks' moves so far this year. John Chiala | CNBC Mike Cagney When it comes to banking, Social Finance Chairman, CEO and co-founder Mike Cagney wants his company's "members" — not customers — to feel like they are part of a community that helps them with everything from their careers to their money to their relationships. That's why his fintech, commonly known as SoFi, is disrupting the financial services industry, a trend Cagney does not see ending anytime soon. "I think what's going to happen is the banks are going to move towards our model over time. And so we certainly don't have the hoovers to expect that we're going to change all of banking, but we are going to drag them into a different kind of service model and one that's a lot more aligned to the customer," he told Cramer on Tuesday. Cagney explained that this alignment with the customer is the key to what makes SoFi so popular with its growing member base. Finally, Cramer sat down with Sheryl Palmer, the president and CEO of Taylor Morrison Home Corporation, to hear how the home construction and real estate space is faring in what feels to many like a refurbished economy. "I think what we're seeing within the industry and within the consumer [is] that they are feeling good," Palmer told Cramer on Tuesday. "We're finally starting to see some income growth. They're not looking over their shoulder. They're feeling good about their personal balance sheet. And that's starting to show up within our industry." And as business leaders hold their breath ahead of what the new administration promises will be beneficial corporate tax reform, Palmer said that it would unleash a series of opportunities for her company, which pays very high taxes. "I think we continue to be opportunistic in the land market. I think we continue to invest into the business and invest into the growth of the business – the people, the technology, training. We'll look at our debt profiles. We'll look at M&A," she said. In Cramer's lightning round, he rattled off his take on some caller favorite stocks, including: Celgene Corporation: "You doubled your money? We sell half, play with the house's money, and let it run, because I think Celgene's prospects are being underestimated by the stock market." Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.: "You know, this is the kind of shopping mall, strip mall thing that everybody's worried about, so I am not going to be able to defend it. This is precisely the kind of thing where people are saying, 'Whoa, I'm nervous,' so therefore I'm nervous because there are some very good people who've looked at these things and think that this kind of mall that they have – and I know some of their malls – [are] not what you want in your portfolio." Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Elizabeth GurdusDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change TMHC --- NXPI --- QCOM --- HD --- AAPL --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1369, 15 May 17 #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 #1362, 27 Mar 17 #1361, 20 Mar 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Fantastical 2.3.7 PopChar X 7.7.1 Default Folder X 5.1.5 OmniFocus 2.9.1 OmniOutliner Essentials and Pro 5.0.3 Tweetbot 2.5 1Password 6.7.1 ChronoSync 4.7.6 and ChronoAgent 1.6.2 Typinator 7.2 Pages 6.1.1, Numbers 4.1.1, and Keynote 7.1.1 for Mac     Related Articles TidBITS News Shows How an Old 32-bit iOS App Becomes 64-bit (16 May 17)     Published in TidBITS 1369. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. Apple Releases macOS 10.12.5, iOS 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2, and tvOS 10.2.1 DealBITS Discount: Save 20% on the iBooks Author Conference 2017 4 Things to Consider Before Enabling iCloud Photo Library Lightening the Vacation Tech Load TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 15 May 2017 ExtraBITS for 15 May 2017     Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. iPhone iPad iPod | 15 May 2017 | Listen  | Print  | Comment (43) Apple to Deprecate 32-bit iOS Apps by Adam C. Engst We’re approaching another of those inflection points where Apple leaves some apps — and their users — behind. When you launched an older 32-bit app in iOS 10, it first warned that the app might slow down your device. That was, as far as I could tell, not the case, but it was still disconcerting. With iOS 10.3, however, Apple went further, stating in no uncertain terms that the app would stop working with some future version of iOS. As to when that will be, there’s no telling, but iOS 11 would seem to be likely. The iPhone 5s was the first iPhone with a 64-bit processor, and since it shipped in September 2013, developers have had the option to have their apps run in 64-bit mode. Starting in 2015, Apple has required apps to run in 64-bit mode to receive App Store approval. The practical upshot of Apple’s iOS warnings is that most apps that haven’t been updated since 2015 will likely be rendered inoperable by whatever future version of iOS pulls the plug on 32-bit apps. I can’t imagine that there will be any way to keep running such apps, short of refusing to update to that version of iOS. In iOS 10.3, Apple made it possible to see which of your apps will be affected. Navigate to Settings > General > About > Applications. The number next to Applications is the total number of apps installed, but when you tap Applications to see what’s inside, you see a list of 32-bit apps that have no 64-bit updates available. Tap any app to see its listing in the App Store, from which you can tap through to the developer’s Web site and theoretically ask if there will be an update. In most cases, the answer will likely be no. To bring that question home to roost, what about the free TidBITS News app? When I first published this article, I said we were going to let it fade away for a variety of reasons, most notably that it wasn’t used by enough people to warrant updating. However, Matt Neuburg and I have now decided to reverse that decision, and he hopes to have a 64-bit version that’s fully updated for iOS 10 available soon. We’ll write more when it’s out. At its heart, TidBITS News is an RSS reader dedicated to TidBITS, so you could instead use Apple’s built-in News app. To add TidBITS to your Favorites list in News, search for TidBITS in News and either tap the heart icon next to the appropriate search result, or tap the search result itself and then the heart icon in the upper right corner. From then on, just tap Favorites in the News toolbar and then the TidBITS tile to see all our articles. If you want to add an RSS feed to News but can’t find it with a search from within News, you can use Safari. Navigate to the Web site in question, tap the share icon, and then tap Open in News in the share sheet. Once you’re in News, tap the name at the top of the screen to go to the main article list, and tap the heart button there. Inscrutably, Apple’s News app isn’t available in countries other than the United States, United Kingdom, and Australia, but iMore explains that you can get it by changing your region in iOS to one of those countries. Just navigate to Settings > General > Language & Region > Region. The News app should appear on one of your home screens after that; if it doesn’t, try restarting your device. I can’t predict what the downsides of changing your region might be, but if you switch back to your actual country, the News app will likely disappear again. You can, of course, use any other RSS reader like Feedly or Reeder — click the RSS link in the upper left of our Web site for the URL. However, only logged-in TidBITS members get access to the full-text RSS feed for use in other apps.   READERS LIKE YOU! Support TidBITS by becoming a member today! Check out the perks at <http://tidbits.com/member_benefits.html> Special thanks to Raymond Osborn, Carl H. Pohle, Christopher Lum, and Susan Weiss for their generous support!   Comments about Apple to Deprecate 32-bit iOS Apps To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. The writing is on the wall for 32-bit iOS apps that haven’t seen updates in years — they will stop working in a future version of iOS. Although we previously said we wouldn’t be updating the TidBITS News app, we’ve changed our minds and will be releasing a 64-bit version shortly. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment James Atkinson  2017-05-05 11:04 I appear to be one of the 50 daily users and have appreciated having a one-stop shop for TidBits content. Thank you for stepping through the Apple News/RSS alternative, which I'll do today. Farewell, TidBits News app! Reply Adam Engst   2017-05-05 11:11 Sorry to be the bearer of bad news, but Apple's News app should work just fine for you. Reply david cuddy   2017-05-05 13:17 Not if you're in Canada. The iOS News app still isn't available here. Probably because we don't have 'Fake News'. Oddly, the News widget does appear on my Today page, and the -1 Home page. But there's no way to control the sources of the news feeds it uses. Reply Adam Engst   2017-05-05 13:22 Still? Sheesh... sorry about that. Reeder or Feedly should work in that case. Reply Frans Moquette  2017-05-05 18:41 I seem to be one of the 50 also, but also no Apple News app on my iPad. I'm in The Netherlands (aka Holland). I do have Newsify, will that work? Otherwise, back to reading with Safari? Reply Adam Engst   2017-05-08 11:40 iMore says you can get the Apple News app in Canada by changing your region to the United States, United Kingdom, or Australia. I don't have a feel for what the downsides of doing that would be. http://www.imore.com/how-get-apple-news-uk-australia-canada-and-more Reply Adam Engst   2017-05-05 19:06 I haven't used Newsify, but from what I see on their product page, yes, it should work. Just get the RSS feed URL from the RSS link in the upper left of our Web site (full text for TidBITS members). Safari's Reader view does a pretty good job too for individual articles. Reply Lewis Butler   2017-05-05 11:20 How it was explained to me is that iOS 10 doesn't load 32 bit libraries until it has to, so running a 32-bit app can easily slow down your entire device depending on how much memory you have and how much you switch apps. Reply Adam Engst   2017-05-05 11:24 Could be, but in practice, I never noticed any change after running such an app on my iPhone 7. Perhaps it had sufficient RAM and CPU power to mask any slowdowns. Reply Martin Stoermer  2017-05-05 11:37 Quite a few paid apps on my phone are marked as being on this scrap heap. Some have new versions available with a new name for new $, which I'm a bit grumpy about. In the case of the free ones it's a bit bit annoying but meh. Reply Adam Engst   2017-05-05 11:41 I totally understand and empathize with the irritation of needing to buy new apps, but you should lay that blame squarely at Apple's feet, since they created a situation where developers have no choice but to chase new sales instead of supporting loyal customers. If developers were allowed to charge for upgrades, there would be financial incentive to keep up with existing apps. Reply Frans Moquette  2017-05-05 19:01 I agree. With non-paid updates/upgrades Apple has done developers a big disservice. But not only developers, users also. When you have to switch to a new app, you cannot acces your data in the old app, unless the data is in a cloud storage or the developer has provided a way to transfer it. If the old app does not work anymore on the new OS, you would loose all your data if you were not able to transfer it before the app stopped working Not a great user experience I would think, for which only Apple is to blame. Reply Christopher Smith   2017-05-05 19:33 While I can certainly understand that developers wish they could charge for upgrades (and why it incentivizes improvements to apps), it seems to me that allowing one's app to languish into obsolescence will definitely inhibit future sales. Reply Frans Moquette  2017-05-06 05:19 I agree with that too. Thing is, all products follow an S-shaped growth curve. Older product will be in the top of that curve with little to no new sales. The effort needed to update an older product often does not warrant the revenue from new sales, if any. Reply JohnB (SciFiOne)   2017-05-05 13:43 I knew Glyder would stop working some day. Oh well. But it will be a while yet since I gave up and now only update software and hardware when I have to. Not as secure, but less expensive and so much easier (except that I make even more offline backups to be safe). Reply Anonymous  2017-05-05 14:55 What I would like to comment on is have an iPhone 4s iPad 4/128 both still running iOS 9.3.5. I have been reluctant to move the iPad to iOS 10, I keep erasing the software update (hanging in storage) because of the tricks Apple keeps trying to make me update the iPad 4. Since I have a fixed income and cannot see sense in a new iPhone 5s or 4SE that are 64bit and I haven't been won over with possibilities iOS 10, and without possible compatibility between devices. So this is what I am wondering? 1.What if I update one but not the other, anyone with insight or expertise foresee problems between iProducts? 2.This is in reference to the below info (under FYI), if I update the iPad to 10, I know I cannot go back is it worth it. Any help? 3.Since this is a sandbox world closing in, is it time to just freeze my technology now before it made useless by having to afford the latest and greatest Apple product (or Microsoft)every 2-5 years? Just an FYI: Also my two Mac Pros are is similar place one a 2006/8 2,1 I upgrade the hardware my self to an 8-core so I frozen myself to 10.9.5 world with (64on32) and the used 2010 5,1 model can run 10.11 or 10.12 which seem to iffy, with all the beta crashing of Sierra I had.. At least I can roll back to my macOS of choice 10.9.5 on a different boot drive of the Mac Pro 5,1. ~Barry Reply Adam Engst   2017-05-05 16:45 It's hard to make concrete recommendations without knowing all the details, but it sounds like it might make sense to keep iOS 9.3.5 on both your devices, particularly if that matches with your Mac Pros and the equivalent version of iTunes (honestly, I don't know what versions match up offhand). If you start upgrading things piecemeal, you will end up in a situation where something won't talk to something else, but it's hard to predict how that will happen. The main thing to be aware of is that you aren't getting security updates, so you should be extra careful to avoid dodgy parts of the Internet. At some point, some hardware will probably fail and force you to get something new, and that may be the event that encourages upgrading everything to the latest and greatest. Reply David Morrison   2017-05-05 22:14 There is definitely a problem with upgrading iDevices if you connect them to a Mac and the Mac is not running a very recent version of OS X. Basically, older versions of iTunes will not talk to newer versions of IOS. What you get is a dialogue every time you plug in the device telling you this and advising you to upgrade iTunes - very annoying, since newer versions of iTunes will not run on older versions of OS X! So say you are running OS X 10.8 with iTunes 12. Your iDevices are running IOS 9.3.5. This works fine. You then decide to upgrade to IOS 10 on a device. If you try to do it through iTunes, it will say you need to upgrade iTunes - this warning is pretty vague, and does not raise any alarms. Unfortunately, iTunes 12 is the last version that will run on OS X 10.8. So your only option is to upgrade OS X which may not be acceptable. So you upgrade the device to IOS 10 over the Internet directly. Then plug it in to your Mac and get a warning from iTunes that it cannot talk to the device. Oops! No more backups of your device. No copying data files from apps to your Mac. No managing apps on your Mac. What does work is that iPhoto will still transfer photos, and probably Image Capture too. Third party file access apps on the Mac can also access the device. It seems to just be iTunes that does not work. Beware also that if you buy a new iDevice, it will not work with iTunes on your old Mac either. Sadly there is definitely no going back after the upgrade. You are stuck with IOS 10. Reply Anonymous  2017-05-08 12:32 Thank you, Adam, Yes I realize being from a Government agency that I regard as nameless, for safety of security is job one at Apple. Reply Anonymous  2017-05-08 12:30 Thank You, David, I thought that might the devices road I have seen from Apple in the past, glaring at me in the rearview mirror. Reply Derek Roff   2017-05-05 16:23 "The number next to Applications is the total number of apps installed, but when you tap Applications to see what’s inside, you see a list of 32-bit apps that have no updates available. " I'm not seeing exactly what you describe in the article, on my iPad 4 with iOS 10.3.1. When I tap on Applications, I see the number of apps (100), and "inside", I see the text you list about "These apps may slow down your iPad...". No app names appear directly below that. Then I see in grey text "Updates available". Below that are app names, including apps that I upgraded today. I haven't counted, but I think all 100 apps might appear in this group. This includes major apps like App Store, Remote, FaceTime, Google, YouTube, Amazon Prime Video, Dropbox, etc. It doesn't make sense to me that these are all 32-bit applications, but it's likely that some of the apps I have installed are. I haven't been able to guess the ordering system for this list. It isn't alphabetical. It isn't by age, install date, or most recent update. Tapping an arrow next to most apps will take me to the App Store, and show me that no update is available. A few say that the app is not available in the App Store. Below the last app on this list is grey text saying "No Updates Available". There are no apps listed under these words. Can you give us a few more words about this app list, and how to interpret the groupings and ordering? Thanks. Reply Adam Engst   2017-05-05 16:41 My best guess is that it's confused. :-) What I'd try is going to the App Store app, making sure that everything is updated, and then restart the iPhone (hold down both buttons until it restarts). Reply Derek Roff   2017-05-05 17:15 Thanks for your response, Adam. A restart changed nothing for me, and the App Store shows no updates available. I guess I will wait and see what happens with the next iOS upgrade. Reply Adam Engst   2017-05-05 17:17 The other thing you could try is signing out in Settings > iTunes & App Stores. Then sign back in and see if it has figured things out better. Reply Scott Chase  2017-05-15 19:28 I'm seeing the same thing on my iPad 4, IOS 10.3.1. What I assume is almost all of my apps listed under 'Updates Available' (even though they are all up to date), plus a number of 'hidden' apps or services such as 'SoftwareUpdateUIService'. Nothing listed under 'No Updates Available', although I know some are in the 'not compatible in future' category. My iPhone 6 with IOS 10.3.1 appears to produce a more accurate list of potentially incompatible apps, although one that I know is incompatible is not on the list. A clean restart and relogging from App store made no difference. So it's clearly a very buggy (and to me a not very useful) feature at present. Reply Timothy Pearson  2017-05-05 16:22 Reading TidBITS in Apple News doesn't work for me. Following your prescription, I added it to my favorites; but it only shows one article since 3 October 2016, and several unrelated articles about "Tidbits" from other sites. If the iOS app stops working, I guess I will have to use the webpage instead. Reply Adam Engst   2017-05-05 16:47 It sounds like your search hit "Tidbits" as a topic, rather than "TidBITS" as the publication. Try again, and make sure the one you're selecting has our capitalization. Tap it, and make sure it's our content, then tap the heart icon at the top right. Reply brent  2017-05-05 18:18 thanks guys! guess i wasn't the only one to ask, lol. i liked the app, really just to catch specific articles i see noted in FB or tweets. but the apple news will do. irony, i had never used apple news until now. keep up the good work, you are still my "go to" resource. Reply Roland G  2017-05-05 19:28 I'm an iOS developer since 2009. I have updated many apps to support 64bit and it really isn't a big deal. The developers of these apps just need to update their apps to support both 32/64 and all is well. At some point Apple needs to move on with their OS and I fully support that. If you don't want to update to 11, don't update, simple as that. Reply Matt Neuburg   2017-05-09 13:07 It isn't that simple. Yes, the key step is simply to recompile with a 64-bit slice, which takes about two seconds. But TidBITS News is an iOS 6 app; it runs under iOS 10 only in a kind of emulation mode, where iOS 10 pretends to _be_ iOS 6. If you open the project with the latest Xcode in order to recompile it and make it 64-bit, you are linking it against the iOS 10 SDK and both the code and the interface need to be completely updated. In effect, the whole app must be rewritten from scratch. With TidBITS News, that's not really very difficult, but you can surely understand why, for many apps, their developers would find this daunting. And if the app is free or does not sell significantly, what's their motivation? Reply David Morrison   2017-05-05 22:24 I use the app occasionally, when in waiting rooms or travelling, but generally prefer the weekly roundup that arrives by e-mail. That said, I prefer the app's layout to News. News just shows the first few lines of each article to give you an idea of what it is about. This is often not helpful. In the app, there is a paragraph summarising the article, which often meant you did not even have to read the article if it was not of interest - a huge time saver. Reply Adam Engst   2017-05-06 18:49 Hmm, I see what you mean — Apple News doesn't provide our blurb, just the first few lines of the article. I don't think there's any way to do that in News with an RSS feed. It might be possible with Apple News Format, but that's a whole 'nother ball of development wax. :-) Reply David Morrison   2017-05-05 22:31 I am having trouble adding the member version of the RSS feed. I logged in with Safari and clicked on RSS feed. It asked me if I wanted to open it in News. I said yes, then it told me the story could not be found. Tidbits does not appear in the favourites list. Going back to repeat this process, when I click on RSS, I get a message from Safari: Cannot open page Safari cannot open the page because the address is invalid. Any ideas? Reply David Morrison   2017-05-05 22:35 I quit News, and started again. Safari asked if I wanted to open the link in News. I said Yes. It showed the list of headlines, then said: Story unavailable. This story is not available in News. Given that I had not touched a story, this is mystifying….. Reply David Morrison   2017-05-05 22:37 Even though Tidbits is not listed in Favourites, the Tidbits news items are still being shown….. Reply Adam Engst   2017-05-06 18:35 Can you just add it from the search in News? That's generally easier and will give the same result. Reply Adam Engst   2017-05-06 18:50 What's weird is that it's working for me in Safari with no problems. Are you logged into the TidBITS site when you start adding? That might make a difference. Reply mahal from switzerland   2017-05-15 17:12 thanks for the update of the app! Reply Henrik Munster  2017-05-16 11:59 Also thanks from me. I was surprised but delighted to see the TidBITS app update yesterday. Thank you for reversing you decision. I think it's a nice little app, that does one simple thing very well. I always use it for reading TidBITS, but not every day, I must admit. I'm from Denmark, and we don't have the News app over here. Reply Sam Reichberg  2017-05-16 05:44 Compared with the browser (Chrome) display on my iPhone, the News App display of TidBITS is not zoomable. This is especially annoying when trying to zoom into images, which require opening it in a new page. Neither does the display resizes to the horizontal reading mode when rotating the iPhone. Hopefully, your updated app will preserve these features of the browser display. Reply Marc Rhodes   2017-05-16 08:04 > tap Open in News in the share sheet. Can anybody get this to work with random blogs? I use this on a blog page, go to News, and get a message that "This content is not available in News." I can add the same page to other RSS readers with no problem. I'm assuming that TidBITS massaged their feed in some way to make it work but the average blog has not. But if there's some secret I'm missing, please fill me in. Reply Adam Engst   2017-05-16 10:21 No, we didn't massage our feed in any way to make it work. As far as I know, Safari auto-detects the RSS feed in some way, however, so some blogs may not do what's necessary for Safari to find it. Perhaps try identifying the RSS feed manually and navigating to it directly in Safari first. Not sure what will happen, but it's worth a try. When I tap the RSS link on our site, for instance (just tried this for the first time), Safari pops a dialog asking "Open this page in "News"?" Can you provide an example of a site that doesn't work so I can test too? Reply Marc Rhodes   2017-05-16 22:13 Here's one: http://theness.com/neurologicablog/ Gets the error as I described. If you go to the rightmost column and tap Entries RSS under Meta, it offers to open in News as you described but then also gives the "content not available" message. I downloaded the Entries RSS link with curl and it at least looks like an RSS feed. Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. The writing is on the wall for 32-bit iOS apps that haven’t seen updates in years — they will stop working in a future version of iOS. Although we previously said we wouldn’t be updating the TidBITS News app, we’ve changed our minds and will be releasing a 64-bit version shortly. Add a comment  Search   Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Adam C. Engst TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 22 mins S&P 500 2,400.67 -1.65 (-0.07%) Dow 30 20,979.75 -2.19 (-0.01%) Nasdaq 6,169.87 +20.20 (+0.33%) UBS: A 'narrative shift' could send Apple stock soaring Raul Hernandez Business Insider May 16, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos Tim Cook with iPhoneMore (Apple CEO Tim CookGetty) Apple stock is up 35% year-to-date, but what is it really worth? That's the question UBS is trying to answer in a five-part series of reports. In part one, UBS analyst Steven Milunovich focused on the right price-to-earnings multiple for Apple, and asks whether Apple is a hardware company (lower multiple) or a consumer brand (higher multiple). "Is Apple a hardware company subject to rapid commoditization or a sticky consumer-brand capable of driving sustainable growth at a high margin?" the note asked. "With Buffett increasing his stake in Apple to 2.6%, some believe Apple should trade more in-line with a consumer products brand," UBS added. "Such a view de-risks Apple and implies a multiple closer to 20x, similar to leading consumer brands." That would lead to a huge shift in the share price. But, according to UBS, Apple is some way off from this kind of a valuation.  "Meaningful P/E expansion requires a narrative shift, which could take a while," Milunovich said. "Our take is that a P/E of 14-15x is reasonable until Apple proves it can be an annuity company longer term," the note said. "Further price upside is more likely to come from earnings upside than continued multiple expansion." It is possible that 2018 could be a strong year for Apple, given the expected release of the iPhone 8 with sales potentially driving earnings higher than expected. "We expect a bulge of F15 iPhone 6 owners to upgrade in F18, creating a strong year if not a 'supercycle,'" writes Milunovich. View photos Screen Shot 2017 05 16 at 1.25.59 PMMore (Markets Insider)     NOW WATCH: SCOTT GALLOWAY: Netflix could be the next $300 billion company More From Business Insider The globalist, moderate wing of the White House doesn't stand a chance Apple got its highest price target ever — here's what needs to happen to make it a reality THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Apple's Sneaky Strategy To Replace Your MacBook Pro Forbes Tim Cook’s refusal to help FBI hack iPhone is validated by ‘WannaCry’ ransomware attack BGR News White House claims Apple’s $1 billion US investment is sign of ‘optimism’ around Trump The Verge Apple WWDC 2017 Preview: New Hardware and Software Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide) Apple (AAPL) to Invest $200M in Corning to Inspire Innovation Zacks What It Really Costs to Go to Walt Disney World Money Why one couple feels like they're scraping by on $500K a year Yahoo Finance Steve Kerr yells the same thing every time Draymond Green shoots a 3 as part of the unusual way he manages the Warriors star Business Insider What to Watch in the Markets Wednesday, May 17 Yahoo Finance Video ‘Injustice 2’ review: Kneel before this sublime superhero fighter Yahoo Finance Trump is the wrong kind of businessperson to be president Yahoo Finance Watch the US Marine Corps' F-35 run and gun for the first time Business Insider YouTubers are drilling holes in iPhones to turn them into $5 fidget spinners Business Insider Stocks take latest Trump drama in stride Yahoo Finance Video The simple reason so many companies were hit by the WannaCry 2.0 ransomware Yahoo Finance There are 9 types of intelligence. Bill Gates says finding yours is key CNBC Clapper: US govt 'under assault' by Trump after Comey firing Dan: At least the tide has turned against Trump. That was a necessary and important beginning. A majority of Americans neither believe him, trust him, nor support him. With each passing week of idiocy from this White House, that power against him grows. It will be a juggernaut that will not be stopped, and Trump will spiral into greater anger, bitterness and loathing toward the majority of America's citizenry. He and his stalwart supporters are an increasing minority, and in time will be swept aside by more rational thinking. It takes a while to straighten out a big ship travelling stormy waters, but it will be righted. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.3k
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 17 May 2017 | MYT 9:00 AM Empowering indie game developers with blockchain technology by lee kah leng Von Nostitz with his studio's first game "Send 'em to Hell", where users can exchange the in-game points into XEM cryptocurrency. — ART CHEN/The Star Xhai Studios co-founder and president Otto Von Nostitz wants to revolutionise the way we consume and pay for apps and in-game content, by providing an alternative to the Google Play Store and Apple App Store duopoly.  The Malaysian-born Canadian has set up a new distribution platform called Xarcade. According to Von Nostitz, Xarcade allows game and apps developers and publishers to keep a bigger share of the profits as it only takes a 1% to 2% cut of the sales price, compared to Google and Apple, that take as much as 30%. He added that the publishers could then opt to charge gamers less.  The payment method for the games also differs from the Google Play Store and Apple App Store. It does not require credit or debit cards or telco billings for purchases made.  All transactions on Xarcade involve proprietary XAR points that can be exchanged with a cryptocurrency, called XEM, that is backed by the NEM Foundation. This cryptocurrency can be purchased from exchanges like Poloniex and Bittrex.  You can also purchase the cryptocurrency using your PayPal account. "Gamers will also be able to make in-game purchases and be able to convert game points (tokens) into Xarcade’s credits called, XAR." said Von Nostitz. The cryptocurrency uses a public blockchain technology, where an open, distributed ledger records every transaction done in a permanent and verifiable way. That means that transactions between two parties will be recorded on the public ledger. The authenticity of each transaction is authenticated by digital signatures and at the same time, each transaction is checked against each other on the network. “Blockchaining games provides the advantage of bypassing the middlemen (app stores) to create a direct relationship with the game publisher and gamer,” said Von Nostitz. Similar to most app stores, a Xarcade user will be able to view and download games on the platform, with additional features from the integration of blockchain technology, such as purchasing and exchanging in-game tokens. Von Nostitz claims that similar to other cryptocurrencies, XEM can be converted into real money. The platform is still in development and will be fully up and running by Q4 this year.  To date, the startup has also published an Android game called Send ‘em to Hell, a modified version of the classic endless runner game genre commonly found on mobile. The game can be downloaded for free on the Google Play Store. Users can also link the game to the NEM Wallet app (also available on Android) to manage their in-game purchases with XEM. In the game, players will take control of avatars of lookalike world leaders such as Donald Trump, Kim Jong-un and PewDiePie, the world’s most successful YouTuber. The characters will then be subjected to a free fall “down a hole to hell” and have to avoid as many obstacles as possible to achieve the best high score possible. According to Von Nostitz, there are currently two more new games in the pipeline from the startup, which currently has four full time employees based in Cyberjaya. Von Nostitz said that Xhai Studios’ adoption of XEM will open it up to more cryptocurrency users, whom he believes a large majority are avid gamers as well.   Related Stories You May Be Interested Russia’s Yandex sees no negative impact from Ukraine sanctions The evolution of mobile phones Coway promotes a healthy lifestyle A sex scandal amid the jailing of ex-governor Ahok When the CEO is your mentor 10 after work habits for personal success Others Also Read Food to satisfy all tastebuds June 15 hearing for Govt, PM's application to strike out suit Honouring the woman who loves us unconditionally advertisement Latest News China’s Lenovo announces restructuring to focus on consumer Facebook adds Snapchat-like camera filters to Instagram Ukraine accuses Russia of attack on president’s website after web sanctions UN has high hopes for private sector after Microsoft rights donation Pikom says its members are not affected by WannaCry Most Viewed in Tech The mobile phones of back then vs smartphones of today Pikom says its members are not affected by WannaCry Cyberattack eases, hacking group threatens to sell code HP Enterprise unveils computer ‘for era of Big Data’ Starbucks software glitch takes some stores offline Facebook to reimburse some advertisers after discovering bug New WannaCry variant surfaces UN has high hopes for private sector after Microsoft rights donation Hackers mint crypto-currency with technique in global ransomware attack Club Med's big on digital technologies Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
gizmodo Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root Video Sploid Paleofuture io9 Science Reviews Field Guide Microsoft's Apps Problem Has Never Been More Dire Alex CranzSaturday 12:57pm Filed to: Microsoft Build 2017 Build Microsoft Windows 10 Windows Store Windows 10 S 223 10 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink Images: Alex Cranz/Gizmodo At Microsoft’s Build conference, the dorkiest of companies put on a big show, complete with fog machines and fancy lights, in order to show it’s a cool competitor to Apple and Google. The speakers who came on stage during keynotes had stylish hair. “Do they have dressers backstage?” an attendee asked a group of us when it was all over. Advertisement Build exists to get developers excited. The biggest devs blow upwards of $2000 for a three-day pass to the event, where they have unlimited drinks, plentiful meals, and access to Microsoft’s best and brightest. Part of Microsoft’s wooing process involves appearing “hip” to a group of developers who resemble the cast of Silicon Valley in all the worst ways. Hence the light show and Microsoft EVP Terry Myerson’s questionable hoodie and leather vest combo. It wants these devs so amped that they’ll rush back to their MacBook Airs and Surface Books to crank out brilliant software, hopefully for Microsoft’s Windows Store, which has just one third of the apps of much cooler stores from Google and Apple. With the arrival of Windows 10 S, which can only use apps from the Windows Store, the app marketplace has never been more important than today. Yet time after time over the course of the event, Microsoft dropped the ball on its pitch to developers in favor of niche distractions. Apple’s a monolith of money and users, and thanks to Android and Chrome OS, Google is right there with it. Both have OS platforms with heavily used app stores. They’ve built customer bases of hungry fans that enthusiastically embrace their hardware and software products, and consequently, developers want to build apps that work with Apple and Google platforms. Microsoft, on the other hand, can’t seem to ditch the buttoned-up association it’s developed for making the work computer you don’t want to use. Its reputation is seemingly forever cemented by those old Mac vs PC commercials. Attempts to rewrite the script have been met with mixed success. On the hardware side, Microsoft has become a genuine player in the field of coveted kit. The Surface Pro and Studio are ambitious devices that are legitimately exciting. The Surface Laptop announced earlier this month is one of the most interesting products announced so far this year. But Microsoft’s software landscape is still dorktown and one of the big ways Microsoft’s attempting to undorkify things is by leaning into the Windows Store. There’s a problem though. Microsoft’s app store in uncommonly small compared to the other guys. According to Microsoft, in 2015 there were just 669,000 apps available. (The company hasn’t officially updated that number since.) According to Statista Apple and Google both have more than three times that number of apps available in their stores. Advertisement Advertisement The number of available apps alone doesn’t necessarily dictate the quality of someone’s computing experience, but it remains a common metric for success, and if Microsoft wants to look cooler in the software space, it needs a big awesome app store full of big awesome apps. Microsoft stunned the audience of Build when it announced iTunes was coming to the store just a week after announcing Spotify’s arrival. Those are two hugely important apps, and you could feel the energy in the keynote after the announcement. Developers and press looked at one another, baffled and delighted. An Apple app would appear in the Windows Store! Then Microsoft immediately squandered that excitement. The rest of the focus both on stage and later in the “Hub,” the primary showroom for the conference, wasn’t on the cool apps traditional users might want, but on the deeply nerdy niche stuff. Sponsored During the keynote itself, Microsoft glossed over the lifestyle apps to focus on Autodesk and Linux. Autodesk was up on stage to announce that Autodesk Stingray was headed to the store. Stingray is an engine used to build things in 3D and is almost exclusively used by 3D artists and engineers. After that announcement, Microsoft followed up with the news that Linux was coming to the store. If you’re excited about the Linux distributions Ubuntu, Suse, and Fedora arriving to the Windows Store, know you’re uncommon. It’s big news for developers, but meaningless to people who would normally seek out apps on an app store in the first place. Site of the Build keynote. There are lots of blue lights and...fog? Given Microsoft’s enthusiasm for the store, it was weird that the company’s newly announced operating system, Windows 10 S, which can only get apps through the store, was mostly absent from the conference, apart from a few mentions during the keynote. You couldn’t find it anywhere on the show floor, where developers mingle with Microsoft personnel. Nerd city. The Store booth had a lone TV screen with a rep standing in front of it—and that rep had not been briefed on Windows 10 S. In fact, it seemed no one had. Every Microsoft rep I asked seemed bewildered by Windows 10 S questions. They could say it was “exciting” but they had no spiel ready for why it was exciting, nor why the Store was crucial to its success. Advertisement And no one could explain what, fundamentally, might have changed about the Windows Store to make it an appealing avenue for app launches after a five years of sluggish adoption. Even app developers that were bullish about the platform were frustratingly vague about what was different now compared to when the Store launched in 2012, and why Windows 10 S would not go the way of its failed store-focused predecessors Windows RT and Windows 8.1 with Bing. Christoph Teschner and Michael Simmons were positively giddy about Windows 10 S when I sat down with them in a high-rise hotel near the conference. Both men are employees of Algoriddim, and were in Seattle because their app, DJay Pro, had just received the App Creator of the Year award. “I think that’s the future,” Simmons said of the Windows App store. Advertisement Teschner pointed to his own youth, growing up with Apple’s app stores for Mac and iOS and how it had prepared him for the Windows Store. “People are used to app stores now,” he said. “It felt sort of natural to me when I first got my Windows Store.” Though they were reluctant to give exact numbers or concrete evidence of a successful Windows Store launch, Simmons said “Windows fulfilled our expectations.” He praised the development process in particular. “Seeing developer tools ten years ago, it’s a total leap today. It’s an evolution and we’re in the middle of it.” Neither man could give a concrete reason for why they felt Windows 10 S had a chance to succeed when its predecessors failed so badly, but sitting in a room and soaking up their optimism it was hard not to be swayed a little. Advertisement Advertisement And it’s that kind of optimism for app developers that Microsoft will need if it hopes to actually fill the Store with cool apps. If those men had been on the show floor, showing off their app and talking up their own experiences with developing for the store, Build might have actually projected the image Microsoft desperately needs. But Microsoft is still figuring it out. It has ditched the pocket protector, but it’s still not cool. Recommended Stories What Is Microsoft's Grand Plan for Phones? Microsoft’s Latest Workplace Tech Demos Creep Me Out Microsoft's New Mixed Reality Controllers Look Very Familiar Alex Cranz alex.cranz@gizmodo.com @alexhcranz Reviews Editor. Trained her dog to do fist bumps. Once wrote for Lifetime. PGP Fingerprint: 15CD 5B3F 4269 E64F 20B7 4245 098C F3A9 3667 02|PGP Key Reply223 repliesLeave a reply You may also like Gizmodo FCC Chairman Is Laughing at Americans Who Don't Want to Kill the Open Internet Saturday 3:02pm Gizmodo Hackers Behind Massive Ransomware Attack Have Made an Embarrassingly Small Amount of Money Saturday 6:35pm Gizmodo Guess Who Comes Up When You Google the President of the United States? [Updated] Sunday 2:40am Recent from Alex Cranz 13 117 18K io9 · Alex Cranz All It Took Was Cat Grant's Return to Make Supergirl the Best Again Yesterday 10:21am 11 125 53.3K Gizmodo · Alex Cranz Microsoft’s Latest Workplace Tech Demos Creep Me Out 5/10/17 2:52pm 3 101 27.4K Gizmodo · Alex Cranz Microsoft Screams 'Me Too' With Cortana-Powered Rival to Amazon Echo and Google Home 5/08/17 10:59am Share Tweet About Blog Need Help? Content Guide Gizmodo Store Redirecting to the Gizmodo store in Disclaimer: You are leaving a Gizmodo Media Group, LLC website and going to a third party site, which is subject to its own privacy policy and terms of use. Continue Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps Bullish Crunch Report News Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Sessions Include TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Facebook Tesla Snap News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt NYThe Excitement of Disrupt NY Continues Today Pick Up Tickets Here Gadgets Bragi’s new Dash PRO headphones are true wearable head computers Apple could stop updating the iPad mini Watts is a huge battery that powers your home Browse more... Apple Apple is shoring up Siri for its next generation of intelligent devices Apple could stop updating the iPad mini Apple launches a new website for its expanded set of educational classes, now open for sign-ups Browse more... MacBook Apple could be working on ARM-based Mac chips to make Mac laptops more efficient Logic Pro X’s latest update turns the Touch Bar into a piano and drum set Phil Schiller says Apple is working with Consumer Reports in wake of MacBook Pro battery issues Browse more... macbook pro Microsoft Office hits the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar LG’s 5K MacBook Pro monitor is reportedly having issues with Wi-Fi routers Touch Bar MacBook Pros are being banned from bar exams over predictive text Browse more... mac Transcript: Phil Schiller, Craig Federighi and John Ternus on the state of Apple’s pro Macs F-Secure buys Little Flocker to upgrade its Mac security play Crunch Report | Yahoo and AOL combine to become Oath Browse more... Apple could release MacBook updates soon Posted 10 hours ago by Romain Dillet (@romaindillet) 0 SHARES Next Story Facebook teams up with The Trevor Project for LGBTQ youth suicide prevention According to a new report from Bloomberg, Apple is about to release updated MacBook and MacBook Pro models. The company could announce the refresh at its WWDC keynote on June 5. The 12-inch MacBook with a retina display hasn’t been updated in a year. The design still works quite well, so I wouldn’t expect anything more than a specification bump. Maybe Apple is going to add a second USB-C port. That would be nice as it’s a bit frustrating that you can’t charge your device and plug something at the same time without a dongle. The keyboard isn’t as good as the one in the most recent MacBook Pro either. When it comes to the MacBook Pro with the new Touch Bar, it’s still quite new but Apple likes to update its computers regularly with better CPU options, more RAM and storage. In particular, the MacBook Pro missed the mark for Intel’s Kaby Lake processors. The laptops shipped with Skylake CPUs, but there’s no reason not to update the laptops with the new CPUs. More surprising, Bloomberg is saying that Apple is also considering updating the MacBook Air. Based on Apple’s own press conference, the entry-level 13-inch MacBook Pro without a touch bar is the perfect MacBook Air replacement. It’s roughly as heavy as the 13-inch MacBook Air, but it’s still more expensive. That’s why the MacBook Air is still around for the time being. But Apple could even go a step further and refresh the MacBook Air with better components. I wouldn’t hold my breath for this one. WWDC is a developer conference, so Apple focuses mostly on software news for its developer community. This year should be no different. You can expect some news around iOS 11, tvOS 11, watchOS 4 and macOS 10.12. At the same time, developers use Macs every day, all day. So it would make sense to spend a minute talking about minor Mac updates. Mac users are also waiting for brand new iMac and Mac Pro models. But those devices aren’t ready just yet. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Apple Founded 1976 Overview Apple is a multinational corporation that designs, manufactures, and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, portable digital music players, and sells a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. Apple provides many products and services, including iPhone; iPad; iPod; Mac; Apple TV; a portfolio … Location Cupertino, CA Categories Consumer Electronics, Retail, Hardware, Electronics Website http://www.apple.com Full profile for Apple MacBook Air Description The MacBook Air is a lightweight laptop with an aluminum unibody design. Website N/A Full profile for MacBook Air Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Symphony Messaging App Joins the Unicorn Club | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes macbook pro MacBook mac Apple Gadgets Popular Posts Featured Stories Apple is shoring up Siri for its next generation of intelligent devices 10 hours ago | John Mannes What to expect from Google I/O 2017 11 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Oscar Health only lost half as much money as it did last year 12 hours ago | Sarah Buhr Instagram’s Kevin Weil says Instagram Stories are just one part of the product 17 hours ago | Romain Dillet Latest From Gadgets Bragi’s new Dash PRO headphones are true wearable head computers 8 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Apple could stop updating the iPad mini 11 hours ago | Romain Dillet Watts is a huge battery that powers your home 13 hours ago | John Biggs Amazon to bring opt-in notifications to Alexa 15 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Comment moderation powered by Up Next Facebook teams up with The Trevor Project for LGBTQ youth suicide prevention Posted 11 hours ago CrunchBoard Job Listings Marketing director at Altpoint Ventures at Altpoint Ventures (Greenwich, CT, United States) Lead Full-Stack Engineer at CodePath (San Francisco, CA, United States) Senior full-stack React/Node/Java technical instructor at CodePath (Sunnyvale, CA / Remote) Director of Engineering @ Carbine Coffee at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) SDET (Software Design Engineer in Test) at Labelmaster Software (Seattle, WA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip Activations Blog International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps Bullish Crunch Report News All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Sessions Include TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Crunch Report | Symphony Messaging App Joins the Unicorn Club 3 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze There’s no shame in a $100M startup 6 hours ago by Eric Paley, Joseph Flaherty These are the five finalists in the TechCrunch Disrupt NY Startup Battlefield 6 hours ago by Anthony Ha Mike Allen of Axios: People want sophisticated explanations, not long ones 7 hours ago by Ingrid Lunden AMD’s new top-end Radeon Vega graphics cards are taking aim at competing GPUs 7 hours ago by Stefan Etienne Cadre and Point are betting that the best way to win in real estate is to disrupt the market 7 hours ago by John Mannes After WannaCry, ex-NSA director defends agencies holding exploits 8 hours ago by Natasha Lomas Fintech unicorn TransferWise reaches profitability, planning ‘new financial services’ 8 hours ago by Steve O'Hear Bragi’s new Dash PRO headphones are true wearable head computers 8 hours ago by Darrell Etherington Pinterest will soon let advertisers reach consumers through their smartphone’s camera 8 hours ago by Sarah Perez
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 155.47 -0.23 iOS 10.3.3 beta brings three new wallpapers to 12.9″ iPad Pro, download here Chance Miller - May. 16th 2017 5:47 pm PT @ChanceHMiller iOS View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple earlier today released the first developer beta of iOS 10.3.3 and while it doesn’t bring any major changes that one may notice right off the bat, there’s something that people always appreciate: new wallpapers. iOS 10.3.3 brings three new nature-focused wallpapers for users and we’ve got them for you to download right below.. Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover Apple generally saves new wallpapers for bigger releases, such as the variety of new colorful wallpapers that were added with iOS 9. The inclusion of three new wallpapers in such a minuscule update is surprising, but nevertheless surely appreciated. The three new wallpapers are all overhead costal shots from various different areas of the world. The wallpapers are really beautiful, especially as we head into summertime. Since iOS 10.3.3 is still in beta and many users aren’t running it yet, we’ve extracted the images from the beta release. Head below to download all three and save them to your iOS device to use them as your wallpaper. Additionally, it appears that these three new wallpapers are for the 12.9-inch iPad Pro only, and not for the iPhone, so you can use the images below to get the new look on all of your devices. It’s possible that the new wallpapers being limited to the 12.9-inch iPad Pro hints at the unveil of a new model next month at WWDC. These wallpapers would be perfect for marketing shots of a new 12.9-inch model, as well as the rumored 10.5-inch variant. What do you think of these new wallpapers? Let us know down in the comments. Thanks Chris!  Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides iOS View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated -- GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 34°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Apple store along Singapore’s Orchard Road to open May 27 Wednesday May 17, 2017 08:56 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Fognini thumps Murray, Djokovic eases through in Rome Malaysia’s sole North Korean restaurant shutters The Edit: Has Taylor Swift found love in London again? The Edit: Chanel boomerang comes back to hit them over the head Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The storefront of Apple Orchard Road has revealed its opening date. — TODAY picSINGAPORE, May 17 — After a long-anticipated wait, Singapore’s first Apple store will finally open for business on May 27 at 10am along Orchard Road. The opening date was announced late last night in a notice pasted outside the tech giant's upcoming store at Knightsbridge Mall. This came two weeks after the store’s name — Apple Orchard Road — was revealed. Plans for the Apple store at Orchard Road, South-east Asia’s first, were leaked nearly a year and a half ago. In October 2015, a former tenant at the mall, Pure Fitness, informed its members saying it was closing down in order to make way for Apple. Several events have been arranged for Apple Orchard Road's opening. Local singer Sezairi, for instance, will be performing at the store from 5pm to 6.30pm on May 27. Local photographers, film makers, musicians, illustrators, developers and entrepreneurs will also be conducting a series of educational sessions at the store once it is open. This will come under the Today at Apple programme which launched worldwide today. On May 28, photographer Chia Aik Beng will be holding a session about street photography in Singapore from 11am to 12.30pm. There will also be a session for kids on movie making on May 31 from 10am to 11am. Apple Orchard Road is expected to occupy four floors of the Knightsbridge Mall — from Basement 1 to Level 3 — according to construction plans that were placed at the storefront’s barricade previously. In November 2015, Singapore-based solar energy provider Sunseap Group said it was providing Apple’s operations in Singapore — including the Apple Orchard Road store — with 100 per cent clean energy using rooftop solar installations. Apple’s current corporate office at One North is also entirely powered by solar energy, making the company the first in Singapore to run exclusively on renewable energy. — TODAY                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Cyber kid stuns experts showing toys can be ‘weapons’ Apple store along Singapore’s Orchard Road to open May 27 Nintendo announces ‘ARMS,’ ‘Splatoon 2’ showcase Heist game ‘Payday 2’ broadens focus to mobile, VR (VIDEO) ‘Injustice 2’ launch trailer counts down to superhero rumble (VIDEO) Retro Nokia 3310, BlackBerry KEYone phones make a comeback (VIDEO) Oppo R9s in list of top five best-selling smartphones of Q1 2017 Don’t click: What is the ‘ransomware’ WannaCry worm? Well-worn technology path goes from creepy to acceptance Facebook warns of fake news danger ahead of UK election Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Oscars chief Boone Isaacs steps down from governors board Reuters Video: 'Wizard of Lies' tells Madoff story as 'dark tragedy' of betrayal Reuters Video: Jimmy Kimmel set to host 2018 Oscars Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Top iPhone apps: ‘Injustice 2,’ ‘B612,’ ‘Lottoland’ Apple Store along Singapore’s Orchard Road to open soon Apple’s App Store shatters records on New Year’s day Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump For Apple, surprise hunger for big phones leaves money on table Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Apple announces Singapore store's opening date Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Apple announces Singapore store's opening date Advertisement Singapore Apple announces Singapore store's opening date It's finally happening. Screengrab from Apple website. 17 May 2017 08:22AM (Updated: 17 May 2017 10:04AM) Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail SINGAPORE: Apple will be opening its first store in Singapore on May 27. According to the consumer tech giant's website, its Apple Orchard Road store at Knightsbridge Mall will open at 10am that day, with the daily operating hours stated as 10am to 10pm, Monday to Sunday. The website also stated a series of programmes scheduled at the store, including an acoustic performance by Singapore Idol 3 winner Sezairi Sezali on the store's opening day. A photo walk with local photographer Chia Aik Beng, has also been scheduled for the following day. The opening of the store later this month comes after much-publicised delays. Apple had previously announced it would open its first brick-and-mortar store in Singapore, and Southeast Asia, on Oct 31, 2016, before pushing it back to Jan 30 this year. Source: CNA/kk Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
New Atlas Lifestyle Science Technology Transport Search Subscribe Smartwatches 2017 Smartwatch Comparison Guide Will Shanklin May 16, 2017 New Atlas compares the features and specs of the best smartwatches you can buy in 2017 View gallery - 28 images While smartwatch popularity may not be where the companies making them had hoped it would be at this point, smartwatch quality has steadily pressed forward in the last few years. Let's look at our six top picks, in the latest version of our Smartwatch Comparison Guide. For this 2017 version of our guide, we're comparing the following wearables: NEW ATLAS NEEDS YOUR SUPPORT Upgrade to a Plus subscription today, and read the site without ads. It's just US$19 a year.UPGRADE NOW LG Watch Sport Apple Watch Series 2 Samsung Gear S3 LG Watch Style Huawei Watch 2 Apple Watch Series 1 Some of the products have multiple versions (42 mm and 38 mm sizes for the Apple Watches, and two different styles for the Gear and Huawei Watch). We'll denote when there are differences. If you only see one spec, then the different versions are identical in that category. Size The LG Watch Sport, Gear S3 and Huawei Watch 2 are all larger watches that will (typically) make the most sense on men's wrists. The two Apple Watches and LG Watch Style are more unisex watches – more size-appropriate on women's wrists than the others are. For spacing's sake, we omitted the smaller (38 mm) Apple Watches from this image. That model – for both Series 1 and 2 – measures 39 x 33 mm. Series 2 is 11.4-mm thick, while Series 1 is less bulgy, at 10.5 mm. Build (casing) These are the (main body) build materials you'll be working with. The Series 2 Apple Watch varies depending on whether you go with the entry-level (aluminum), higher-end (stainless steel) or highest-end (ceramic) variant. The Huawei Watch 2 also varies in materials: The standard version uses ceramic and plastic, while the "Classic" version is made of steel and plastic. Android compatibility All but the Apple Watches play nice with Android phones. iPhone compatibility All six watches will work with an iPhone, but due to iOS' restrictions, the Android Wear and Samsung watches will be more limited in some ways while paired with an Apple handset. (For example, the LG Watch Sport won't receive notifications from your phone when in standalone mode if you use an iPhone – but it will if you have an Android phone.) Cellular (LTE) Only a few of the watches give you the option of staying connected when your smartphone isn't around. The LG Watch Sport is an all-LTE smartwatch – there's no Bluetooth-only option. The Samsung Gear S3 ships in both cellular and Bluetooth-only variants. The Huawei Watch 2 has an LTE variant too, but that model isn't sold in the US. Display size The LG Watch Sport has the biggest display, followed by the Gear S3. The area percentage for the Apple Watches points to the 42 mm model. The screen of the 38 mm Apple Watch is just 57-percent as big as the Sport's huge display. Display resolution The Watch Sport also has the highest pixel density, though none of the watches' pixel counts are any cause for concern. While resolution is the same on the two series of Apple Watch, note that Series 2 has a brighter display that's easier to read outdoors. Display material The more expensive (steel and ceramic) versions of the Apple Watch jump up to sapphire display coverings, for the strongest protection in this bunch. The rest use either Corning's Gorilla Glass or Apple's equivalent Ion-X glass. Always-on display All but the Apple Watches give you the option of having an always-on clock face. The two LG watches, though, earned those asterisks: Their batteries probably won't make it through a full day if you turn that setting on. Pressure-sensitive screen Similar to the 3D Touch feature found on recent iPhones, you can deep press on the Apple Watch's screen to activate various shortcuts throughout its operating system. Scrolling input It might sound odd, but we're fans of twisty input methods on smartwatches. The rotating crowns on the Apple Watch and LG watches, along with the rotating bezel on the Samsung Gear, let you scroll through menus and notifications without repeatedly dragging your finger over their tiny screens. App button shortcuts The LG Watch Sport has two physical buttons that can be set as customizable app shortcuts (for something like starting a workout, using Android Pay or checking the weather). The Huawei Watch has one such button. Water resistance All the watches have some sort of water resistance, though only the Apple Watch Series 2 is recommended for swimming. Virtual assistant All six have some sort of voice assistant onboard: Google Assistant for the three Android Wear watches, Siri for the Apple Watches and Samsung's (worst in the bunch) S Voice for the Gear. Keep in mind, though, that all the voice assistants have limitations compared to their smartphone counterparts. In our experience, the watch version of Siri is more capable than the watch versions of Google Assistant and S Voice. (Whereas on phones, we'd put Google Assistant ahead.) Mobile payments Only the LG Watch Style lacks any sort of mobile payment functionality. Android Pay and Apple Pay use NFC tech exclusively, which means vendors will need to have special equipment installed to support those services. Samsung Pay includes tech that allows it to work with standard magnetic swipe-reading credit card machines (in addition to NFC). Phone calls All but the Style let you make and pick up calls on the watch. Speaker And here's one of the reasons the Style doesn't support those calls. Heart rate sensor The limitations of the Style are becoming more apparent, as it also lacks a heart rate sensor. Step/workout tracking All six watches have built-in apps and sensors that can track your steps or individual workouts. Keep in mind, though, that tracking a workout can drain batteries faster. GPS All but the Style and Series 1 Apple Watch have built-in GPS, so they don't need to leech your phone's location-tracking. Battery None of the watches should give you much trouble making it through a full day, though remember you'll want to turn off the always-on display option for the two LG watches. The LG Watch Style's battery life isn't very impressive, even with the always-on display turned off. Interchangeable bands Five of the watches let you swap out for a different band, if you aren't a fan of the one it shipped with. There's a very good reason you can't switch the Sport's band: Its cellular antennae live inside the band. Processor We only included watches that have recent (fairly fast) processors. Even the Apple Watch Series 1, which is a very minor update over the original (often called "Series 0") Apple Watch, has a pretty zippy dual-core chip. RAM The Apple Watches and Watch Style have a bit less RAM than the rest, but we didn't notice any major performance concerns on any of them. Software The LG Watches and Huawei Watch run Android Wear 2.0, while the Apple Watches uses watchOS 3. Samsung employs its own Tizen OS (our least favorite of the three) for the Gear S3. Apple's watchOS has by far the best app selection. On the other hand, the Android Wear watches have the perk of using an onboard version of the Google Play Store, so you can install apps without the help of your phone. Release Only the Apple and Samsung watches are late 2016 products; the rest came out earlier this year. Starting price The Series 2 Apple Watch is the most expensive in this group, with that base price representing the smaller (38 mm) model. The 42 mm one (aluminum) starts at a heftier US$399. If you want a stainless steel/sapphire Apple Watch Series 2, you're looking at a minimum $549 (38 mm) or $599 (42 mm). The ceramic "Edition" Apple Watch starts at $1,249 (38 mm) or $1,299 (42 mm). For more, you can revisit New Atlas' reviews of these six watches: LG Watch Sport review Apple Watch Series 2 review Samsung Gear S3 review LG Watch Style review Huawei Watch 2 review Apple Watch Series 1 review View gallery - 28 images 2017 Smartwatch Comparison Guide 1 / 28 Pressure-sensitive display Always-on display Android compatibility Physical app shortcuts Virtual assistant Battery Build Processor Dimensions Display resolution Display size GPS Heart-rate tracking New Atlas compares the features and specs of the best smartwatches you can buy in 2017 iPhone compatibility LTE Mobile payments Phone calls Starting price RAM Release Rotating input Software Speaker Interchangeable bands Water resistance Step/workout tracking Display material Tags #Android Wear #Apple Watch #LG Watch Sport #Product Comparison #Samsung Gear S3 Share this article Show 2 comments   Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Your Email Top stories 2017 Smartwatch Comparison Guide Earth's highest density of plastic waste found ... on a deserted island KTM releases full details of new two-stroke engine HTC U11 arrives with squeezable sides and premium specs Sponsored Content Recommended for you Sponsored Content Latest in Smartwatches 2017 Smartwatch Comparison Guide Smartwatch prototype has all the moves for grabbing your attention Huawei Watch 2 hits the US today with a $300 price tag Verizon releases its Android Wear 2.0 smartwatch on May 11 Verily's smartwatch gathers health data for research ZTE Quartz smartwatch merges cellular connectivity with sub-$200 pricing Garmin Forerunner 935 is outfitted for the data-driven athlete What should be next for the Apple Watch? Huawei Watch 2 review: Reality doesn't quite meet expectations Samsung confirms LTE connectivity for Gear S3 Classic smartwatch Automatically curbing Apple Watch notifications seems like a wise way to prevent distracted driving Misfit's Vapor fitness smartwatch will run Android Wear 2.0 Editors Choice The top 100 most expensive cars of all time Compare the latest tech gear Review: GeoOrbital Wheel brings an electric boost and a touch of sci-fi to your bike 2017 Smartphone Comparison Guide Driving tanks and crushing cars in the woods of Minnesota In photos: Classics and customs at the Quail Motorcycle Gathering Europe's largest offshore wind farm boots up in the Netherlands Hard grind: The epic journey of the world's biggest tunnel boring machine 2017 Royal Enfield Himalayan review: The pride of India takes a great leap forward Galaxy S8+ review: Samsung catches fire (this time, in a good way) In pictures: Pretty, weird and pretty weird bikes from NAHBS 2017 The truth about Satan: Nuclear war in the 21st century Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address Top Home About Contact Privacy Terms & Conditions Advertise Copyright © Gizmag Pty Ltd 2017 Twitter Facebook RSS Flipboard Gizmag is now New Atlas
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home search Apple could update its entire MacBook line at WWDC next month Elyse Betters17 May 2017Laptops Pocket-lint Bloomberg: Apple will refresh laptop lineup at WWDC 2017 The MacBook Pro will get a faster Kaby Lake processor A new 12-inch MacBook will debut with a faster Intel chip The 13-inch MacBook Air will get a new processor too None of the updates will be major changes Apple will hold its WWDC main keynote on 5 June 2017 Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Apple will debut new hardware WWDC, rather than simply focus on software, according to a new report. Apple typically uses its mostly-annual developers conference to announce new software updates to existing products, giving developers a chance to become acquainted with the changes and maybe get their third-party integrations, tie-ins, services, and apps ready. However, this year, Apple will also announce hardware updates. It will refresh its laptop lineup at WWDC 207 in June, according to Bloomberg. Apple is planning three new laptops: the MacBook Pro will get a faster Kaby Lake processor from Intel, a new version of the 12-inch MacBook with a faster Intel chip, and the 13-inch MacBook Air will get a new processor. Bloomberg noted Apple wants to keep its MacBook laptop line fresh for customers, especially due to recent hardware pushes from rivals, such as Microsoft, as well as declining iPad sales. Apple's Siri speaker: What's the story so far? iPad Pro 10.5-inch could be launched in June following case leak The updated MacBook Laptops will apparently still look the same; they're only getting different internal architecture. In other words, none of the updates are major changes. The MacBook and MacBook Air are definitely due for an update, considering they were last updated in 2016 and 2015, respectively. Check out Pocket-lint's WWDC round-up to see what else Apple may announce at its 5 June keynote. Keep in mind Apple has been working on a new in-house chip for future MacBook Pro models, which would manage their low-power mode, but it's unclear if that chip will be ready in time for WWDC 2017. Which MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? Sections Apple Laptops Via: Bloomberg Best laptops 2017: The best laptops you can buy today Which Apple MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? Best Windows 10 laptops: The best available to buy today Apple could update its entire MacBook line at WWDC next month Popular In Laptops On Pocket-lint Apple could update its entire MacBook line at WWDC next month Microsoft Build 2017: All the announcements that matter Windows 10 Fall Creators Update: Everything you need to know OneDrive Files On-Demand will finally only download your files when you need them US laptop and tablet ban could extend to UK and Europe HP Elite x2 is the Surface Pro 4-trumping laptop hybrid your business deserves Google Fuchsia OS: What's the story so far? Microsoft will show the world "what's next" on 23 May, but what is next? HP and Acer announce budget laptops running Windows 10 S Microsoft Surface Laptop vs Apple MacBook (2016) vs Apple MacBook Pro (2016): What's the difference? HTC U11 preview: Easy squeezy, liquid surface pleasy HTC U11: Release date, specs and everything you need to know Sony Alpha A99 II review: Proving that translucent can triumph HTC U11 vs Samsung Galaxy S8: What's the difference? Google I/O 2017: When is it, where to watch, and what to expect This Augmented Reality Climbing Wall will let you play Pong while holding on for dear life Apple could update its entire MacBook line at WWDC next month Philips Hue expands White Ambience range with three new smart lamps What is Samsung Pay and how does it work? HTC U11: What can you do with a squeezable phone? Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Reviews Appliances Electronics Gadgets Gaming Mobile Security Deals Gifts News Shop Reviews Audio Headphones Over the Ear Headphones Bluetooth Headphones Home Audio Home Theater Systems Home Theater Speakers Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Portable Speakers Wireless Speakers Appliances Kitchen Appliances Coffee Makers Microwaves Vacuum Cleaners Smart Home Automation Auto Tech Top Radar Detectors Computers Computer Accessories Desktop Computers Laptop Computers Laptops for College Wireless Routers Top Wireless Routers Electronics Digital Cameras Top DSLR Cameras Other Electronics Printers Televisions 4k TVs Video Cameras Gaming Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptops Gaming PCs Video Game Consoles Video Games Geek Toys Mobile Cell Phones Tablets iPads Security Home Security Home Security Systems Home Security Cameras Sports & Outdoors Camping Gear Vehicles Gadgets Gadgets for Men Kitchen Gadgets Top Chef Knives Coolest Gadgets Cool Furniture Fitness Gadgets Services Satellite TV DIRECTV vs DISH Gifts Star Wars Gifts Gifts for Gamers Gifts for Geeks Software News Search on Gadget Review Gadget Review ▸ News ▸ Apple News ▸ 10 Fun Facts About Apple’s New Headquarters That is Expected to Cost $5 Billion Apple News 10 Fun Facts About Apple’s New Headquarters That is Expected to Cost $5 Billion Christen Costa Updated August 2, 2015 Shares Before Jobs’ passing, the late CEO of Apple stood before the Cupertino City Council on June 7, 2011 and presented what was to be Apple’s new corporate headquarters.  Almost two years have passed and the once $3 billion project has ballooned to $5 billion.  Adding insult to injury, the scheduled completion date has also been pushed from 2015 to 2016.  Nevertheless, Apple’s new campus is not only one of the most profound headquarters the corporate world has seen, but one of the most ambitious. So what makes Apple’s new Campus so dang remarkable? 1.  Billions of Dollars Building a new campus takes money. And usually that money is in the millions.  Apple’s new campus had a projected budget of $3 billion.  That’s a fair bit of coin.  Now, presumably due to unforeseen cost and delays, that number has increased to $5 billion.  Not even Vegas spends this kind of money on their buildings.  Not even the new World Trade Center in NYC cost this much ($3.9 billion). 2. Glass and More Glass Apple’s new campus will use more than 6 kilometers of glass.  And not just any glass, curved glass. The same company that builds the Apple glass stair cases seen in places such as the NYC store, have doubled the capacity of its factory to accommodate the project.  That all said, the outside of the curved building will span 40-feet high and will be composed of concave glass. 3. More Green Than Money Apple Campus 2 is said to be a “net-zero energy” building.  That means it won’t use any off the grid electricity.  This is accomplished by using an array of solar panels (700,000 square feet to be exact) in tandem with a mix of architectural energy-saving tactics that include skylights and an airflow design to keep the building cool and warm as needed.  The solar array will produce 8-megawatts of power, enough to power 4,000 homes.  Apple, however, will still require additional power, which will come from wind and solar power found in California. 4.  2/3rds the Size of the Pentagon The Pentagon is massive.  Apple’s new digs will be two-thirds the size of the pentagon.  That’s a whopping 2.8 million square feet housed inside of the four-story circular building. 5. Trees and more trees The location for Campus 2 is currently littered with tarmac and pavement.  The new Apple headquarters will negate much of that, place cars in an underground parking garage, and add 176 acres of trees (6,000 trees). 6.  Feed them like Google Food is paramount to a successful company.  And Apple knows it (much like Google).  There will apparently be a multitude of cafeterias.  One so large in fact, that it will accommodate up to 3,000 employees. 7. Dirt for Days The new site for Campus 2 will officially break ground sometime this June.  But it’s not as simple as erecting a building.  In fact there is so much dirt to be removed it will take six months of continuous excavating, provided of course a fleet of trucks works 24-hours a day. 8. Thousands of new hires It’s unlikely Apple will hire just to fill seats, but the new headquarters is said to seat an economy improving 12,000 to 13,000 people.  That’s larger than many US towns and probably warrants its own zip code (assuming they don’t already have one). 9. Buildings to Include Apple’s new spot won’t just include work space and food arenas.  They’ll also be building a 1,000 seat corporate auditorium (likely for product launches and such) and a fitness center.  It’s likely they won’t stop there, but that’s what the project specs call for. 10. The Ghost of HP Part of the new Apple Campus will exist on HP’s old turf, a company that has seen failure after failure in the computing/tech space.  Let’s just hope that Apple can right the ship despite taking a massive ding on their stock price in recent. Sources: Cupertino.org TheVerge.com Businessweek.com  Tweet It Like It Google + Linkedin Pin it Stumble Christen Costa Grew up back East, got sick of the cold and headed West. Since I was small I have been pushing buttons - both electronic and human. With an insatiable need for tech I thought "why not start a blog focusing on technology, and use my dislikes and likes to post on gadgets." Sponsored Content Related Posts Gadget Rumor: iPhone To Hit Costco Stores for $150 Apple’s September 1st Event To Be Music Focused 7 of the Coolest Mavericks Features You’ll Want to Start Using Today iPod Radio Remote Announced Apple’s Photo Booth turns your iSight into a mall photobooth 8 Reasons the iPod Touch and Nano Will Be Dead Before Year’s End (list) 2 Comments to 10 Fun Facts About Apple’s New Headquarters That is Expected to Cost $5 Billion kissmyelbow on Just think of all the home offices Apple could have built for their employees with $5 billion dollars .. just think too, all those same folks not using cars, buses, and airplanes to get to work. That’d be green. This? Not so much. This is all about feeling green. Reply Bullies For Romney on It’s going to be a ‘green’ building when it’s done. What kind of carbon footprint is going to hang over San Jose during years of construction as all that Earth moving equipment belches out tens, if not hundreds or more, of thousands of tons of exhaust? Hmm? Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website ← Previous Post Next Post → Follow us 21,603 Fans 13,789 Subscribers 11,370 Followers Gadget Review is home to some of the best consumer reviews online on top gadgets ranging from the best gadgets to the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and top ten product comparisons. Do you want to make an educated buying decision and shop online with confidence? Get the best deals online and geek out with the latest desktop computers, best gaming laptops, best headphones and the latest gadget news and top product reviews online. Gadget Review also has some of the best software reviews and consumer services reviews online with top ten consumer product comparisons to the latest gadget news, to top gadgets ranging from the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and expert product reviews, as well as the best product daily deals and giveaways. Gadget Review © 2017 | Your lifestyle gadget site. All Rights Reserved. ----- About Privacy Terms News Categories Contact Latest Giveaway XML best air purifier for 2017 best air purifier for pets best air purifier for dust best juicer 2017 best juicer on the market best juicer under $100 best dslr camera best dslr for video 2017 best ski boots best college laptop best laptop for college students 2017 best chef knife best chef knife 2017 best professional chef knife best 4k gaming monitor best 4k gaming monitor best vpn 2017 best dslr for beginners 2017 best canon dslr 2017 best nikon dslr 2017 best dslr reviews 2017 best pro dslr 2017 dslr for beginners dslr tips for beginners dslr for beginners tutorials best tv for the money 2017 best dslr for beginners 2017 canon dslr for beginners best 65 inch 4k tv best review sites best consumer review sites top consumer review sites best camping tent 2017 best review sites for electronics dslr best dslr best portable air conditioner best dslr for video 2017 best outdoor bluetooth speakers best home espresso machine 2017 best canon dslr 2017 best 4k blu ray player 2017 best dslr reviews 2017 best pro dslr 2017 dslr for beginners dslr tips for beginners nikon dslr for beginners dslr for beginners tutorials dslr photography beginners best dslr for beginners 2017 canon dslr for beginners best canon dslr for beginners best nikon dslr for beginners latest coolest gadgets googo best air purifier for moldbest french door refrigerator for the price best dyson vacuum for 2017 best countertop microwave on the market best over the range microwave best universal remote app for your phone best small microwave for your home best small portable air conditioner best coffee maker with grinder on the market best cobra radar detector 2017 best front load washing machinebest drip coffee maker 2017 best crossbow best wine fridge best tents 2017 best all mountain skis 2017 best backpacking tent 2017 best gaming desk 2017 best headphones for running 2017 best projector screen best smartphone camera 2017 best digital camera 2017best computer monitor 2017 best smartphone plan 2017 best digital camera 2017best computer monitor 2017 best satellite tv 2017 led tv 2017 55 inch tv best projector under 1000 2017 best 55 inch tv best bluetooth speakers under 100 best bluetooth speakers ps4 headset best gaming pcs desktop computers best smart thermostatgta 5 cheats ps3 best smartphonegta 5 cheats ps3 best home security system what does wifi stand for 8 acutal working star wars lightsabers best 3d camera what is a smart tv best office chair under 200 6 of the best wifi thermostats 6 best personal finance software for macbest washing machine reviews on the marketbest tv brand best universal remote 5 of the best home theater projectors 11 gadgets to spy on your cheating spouses best 65 inch tv 6 bluetooth headphones built for working out list best wireless gaming headset best gaming monitor 10 of the biggest most challengingly awesome lego sets 8 of the best laptops under 500 best digital camera under 200 free ipad porn latest coolest gadgets for men latest coolest geek gadgets latest coolest gadgets ever latest spy gadgets latest coolest home gadgets latest best gadget latest coolest gadgets 2017 survival gear mattress reviews vacuum cleaner reviews cool gadgets chromebook review air purifier reviews sound bar reviews wireless wifi router reviews bluetooth speaker reviews projector reviews radar detector reviews home security systems reviews drone reviews camcorder reviews dslr camera reviews ultra hd 4k tv reviews tech gadgets all in one printer reviews point and shoot camera reviews acer laptop reviews waterproof camera reviews security camera reviews av receiver reviews gas grill reviews noise cancelling headphones review programmable thermostat reviews smart lock reviews portable speaker reviews gaming keyboard reviews standing desk reviews portable projector reviews fitbit reviews gadgets iphone 6 reviews tablet reviews refrigerator reviews washing machine reviews digital camera reviews kitchen gadgets headphone reviews gadgets for men printer reviews gopro reviews led tv reviews 3d printer reviews geek toys video camera reviews external hard drive reviews smart watch reviews microwave reviews ultrabook reviews earbud reviews bluetooth headphones reviews desktop computer reviews computer monitor reviews gaming headset reviews television reviews appliance reviews gaming headset reviews travel gadgets dvr reviews gaming laptop reviews lcd tv reviews microsoft tablet reviews running watch reviews oled tv reviews breathalyzer reviews fitness gadgets gaming pc reviews webcam reviews gaming mouse reviews home theater receiver reviews home theater system reviews wireless speaker reviews gaming pc reviews over the ear headphones reviews iphone case reviews kitchen appliance reviews touchscreen laptop reviews hard drive reviews iphone game reviews home theater speaker reviews cloud services home automation system reviews gaming monitor reviews ipad game reviews gaming chair reviews xbox game reviews mobile game reviews best bluetooth speakers best over ear headphones best standing desk waterproof iphone 5 case biggest lego set ipad porn best open world games star wars gifts cell phone insurance best bluetooth headphones for working out best laptops under 500 best radar detector amazon prime review apple iwatch price best chromebooks best compact camera best digital camera best dslr camera best gaming headset best gaming laptops best iphone 6 case best iphone games best noise cancelling headphones best office chairs best waterproof camera best wireless router 2017 best wireless speakers directv vs comcast directv vs dish dish channel guide how to jailbreak iphone 5 hulu plus vs netflix gadgets for men what does wifi stand for top rated bluetooth speakers best over ear headphones 2017 best standing desk 2017 waterproof iphone case best lego sets iphone porn gta 5 cheats ps3 star wars gift ideas cell phone insurance plans best blender 2017 best bluetooth workout headphones best laptop under 500 best radar detectors is amazon prime worth it best chromebooks 2017 best rated chromebook best acer chromebook best compact digital camera best digital camera 2017 best digital slr camera best xbox one headset best gaming laptop 2017 best gaming pc desktop computers 2017 iphone 6 case iphone games best noise cancelling headphones 2015 best office chair 2017 best point and shoot digital camera 2017 best underwater camera 2017 best wifi router best wireless speaker comcast vs directv dish vs directv directv channel guide how does tinder work how to jailbreak iphone 5c hulu vs netflix cool gadgets for men what is icloud for how does wifi work free ipad porn cheats for gta 5 best radar detector 2017 best star wars gifts amazon prime cost best headset for ps4 best ultrabook 2017 best wireless speaker 2017 dish network reviews amazon prime vs netflix best canon 2017 best canon best canon best canon best digital camera best digital camera best digital camera best digital camera Best Digital SLR Cameras 2015 Best Digital SLR Cameras 2015 Best Digital SLR Cameras 2015 Best Digital SLR Cameras 2015 Best DSLR for 2015 Best DSLR for 2015 Best DSLR for 2015 Best DSLR for 2015 best pro compact camera best pro compact camera best professional camcorder best professional camcorder best professional camcorder best professional camera best professional camera best professional camera best professional camera best digital camera 2015 best digital camera 2015 best digital camera 2015 best digital camera 2015 best digital camera brand best digital camera brand best digital camera brand best digital camera brand best camera for beginners best camera for beginners best camera for beginners best camera for beginners best camera for portraits best camera for portraits best camera for portraits best camera for portraits best digital camera money best digital camera money best digital camera money best digital camera money best digital camera world best digital camera world best digital camera world best digital camera world best digital camera reviews best digital camera reviews best digital camera reviews best digital camera reviews digital camera under $1000 digital camera under $1000 digital camera under $1000 digital camera under $1000 Best SLR cameras of 2015 Best SLR cameras of 2015 Best SLR cameras of 2015 Best SLR cameras of 2015 Best SLR cameras of 2017 Best SLR cameras of 2017 Best SLR cameras of 2017 Best SLR cameras of 2017 best digital video camera best digital video camera best digital video camera best digital video camera best slr digital camera best slr digital camera best slr digital camera best slr digital camera Canon Video Cameras Pro Canon Video Cameras Pro Canon Video Cameras Pro Canon Video Cameras Pro Good Cameras for Photography Good Cameras for Photography Good Cameras for Photography Good Cameras for Photography Pro Cameras for Photography Pro Cameras for Photography Pro Cameras for Photography Pro Cameras for Photography Professional Video Camera Professional Video Camera Professional Video Camera Professional Video Camera Best Camera for Photography Best Camera for Photography Best Camera for Photography Best Camera for Photography best pro digital camera best pro digital camera best pro digital camera best pro digital camera What is the Best Canon Camera What is the Best Canon Camera What is the Best Canon Camera What is the Best Canon Camera best reviews gadgets 2017 best gadgets 2017 survival gear mattress reviews vacuum cleaner reviews cool gadgets chromebook review air purifier reviews sound bar reviews smart tv reviews wireless wifi router reviews coffee maker reviews asus laptop reviews blu ray player reviews bluetooth speaker reviews projector reviews radar detector reviews blender reviews electric toothbrush reviews hd tv antenna reviews home security systems reviews drone reviews best 4k tv 2017 best tv for gaming 2017 cool furniture ultra hd 4k tv reviews tech gadgets all in one printer reviews point and shoot camera reviews acer laptop reviews waterproof camera reviews security camera reviews best home security system best home security system gas grill reviews noise cancelling headphones review programmable thermostat reviews smart lock reviews portable speaker reviews gaming keyboard reviews standing desk reviews best projector 2017 portable projector reviews spy gear gadget reviews fitbit reviews laptop computer reviews gadgets iphone 6 reviews tablet reviews refrigerator reviews best xbox one headset 2017 washing machine reviews best washer and dryer best washing machine 2017 digital camera reviews kitchen gadgets headphone reviews cell phone reviews fitness tracker reviews gadgets for men printer reviews gopro reviews led tv reviews bar accessories video game reviews asus laptop reviews best home theater projector 2017 samsung chromebook reviews best chromebook reviews geek toys telescope reviews video camera reviews android tablet reviews external hard drive reviews smart watch reviews microwave reviews ultrabook reviews ultrabook reviews best ultrabook 2017 ps4 reviews bluetooth headphones reviews toaster reviews xbox one game reviews desktop computer reviews computer monitor reviews gaming headset reviews television reviews appliance reviews gaming headset reviews travel gadgets toshiba laptop reviews pc game reviews dvr reviews flashlight reviews home automation reviews gaming laptop reviews kindle reviews ereader reviews universal remote reviews lcd tv reviews best business VOIP 2017 microsoft tablet reviews running watch reviews oled tv reviews breathalyzer reviews fitness gadgets gaming pc reviews webcam reviews gaming mouse reviews home theater receiver reviews home theater system reviews wireless speaker reviews 3d tv reviews best gaming chair gaming pc reviews over the ear headphones reviews iphone case reviews kitchen appliance reviews satellite tv reviews touchscreen laptop reviews hard drive reviews iphone game reviews home theater speaker reviews cloud services home automation system reviews graphics card reviews gaming monitor reviews ipad game reviews gaming chair reviews wireless hdmi reviews lawnmower reviews xbox game reviews mobile game reviews
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 17 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Reports Second Quarter Results CUPERTINO, California — May 2, 2017 — Apple today announced financial results for its fiscal 2017 second quarter ended April 1, 2017. The Company posted quarterly revenue of $52.9 billion and quarterly earnings per diluted share of $2.10. These results compare to revenue of $50.6 billion and earnings per diluted share of $1.90 in the year-ago quarter. International sales accounted for 65 percent of the quarter’s revenue. “We are proud to report a strong March quarter, with revenue growth accelerating from the December quarter and continued robust demand for iPhone 7 Plus,” said Tim Cook, Apple’s CEO. “We’ve seen great customer response to both models of the new iPhone 7 (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition and we’re thrilled with the strong momentum of our Services business, with our highest revenue ever for a 13-week quarter. Looking ahead, we are excited to welcome attendees from around the world to our annual Worldwide Developers Conference next month in San Jose.” Apple also announced that its Board of Directors has authorized an increase of $50 billion to the Company’s program to return capital to shareholders and is extending the program timeframe by four quarters.  Under the expanded program, Apple plans to spend a cumulative total of $300 billion by the end of March 2019. “We generated strong operating cash flow of $12.5 billion and returned over $10 billion to our investors in the March quarter,” said Luca Maestri, Apple’s CFO. “Given the strength of our business and our confidence in our future, we are happy to announce another $50 billion increase to our capital return program today.” As part of the latest update to the program, the Board has increased its share repurchase authorization to $210 billion from the $175 billion level announced a year ago. The Company also expects to continue to net-share-settle vesting restricted stock units. The Board has approved a 10.5% increase to the Company’s quarterly dividend, and has declared a dividend of $0.63 per share of the Company’s common stock, payable on May 18, 2017 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on May 15, 2017. From the inception of its capital return program in August 2012 through March 2017, Apple has returned over $211 billion to shareholders, including $151 billion in share repurchases. The Company plans to continue to access the domestic and international debt markets to assist in funding the program. The management team and the Board will continue to review each element of the capital return program regularly and plan to provide an update on the program on an annual basis. Apple is providing the following guidance for its fiscal 2017 third quarter:   revenue between $43.5 billion and $45.5 billion gross margin between 37.5 percent and 38.5 percent operating expenses between $6.6 billion and $6.7 billion other income/(expense) of $450 million tax rate of 25.5 percent Apple will provide live streaming of its Q2 2017 financial results conference call beginning at 2:00 p.m. PDT on May 2, 2017 at www.apple.com/investor/earnings-call/. This webcast will also be available for replay for approximately two weeks thereafter. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Matriarch of Atlanta Blues, Ellyn Webb, Passes Away Next PostNext Future Outlook of Global Photography Drones Market – Know about How the Market has witnessed Substantial Growth in future as per New Research report 2017 Search Recent Posts Fort Wayne Sports Physical Therapy Tailored Mobility Improvement Site Expanded Trilogy International Partners Inc. Announces 2degrees 2016 Statutory Results ENACT SYSTEMS Reveals New Module for Solar Customer Management AMD Unveils Expanding Set of High-Performance Products and Technologies Propelling Next Phase of Growth Signing of Grant Agreement with Zambia: Contributing to improved access to health services in Lusaka, the capital city, through expanded hospital functions Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
WIRED Logo Apple’s New Campus: An Exclusive Look Inside the Mothership Click to share this story on Facebook Click to share this story on Twitter Click to email this story Click to comment on this story. (will open new tab) One More Thing Inside Apple’s Insanely Great (or Just Insane) New Mothership Inside Apple’s Insanely Great (or Just Insane) New Mothership by Steven Levy | photographs by Dan Winters 05.16.17 On June 7, 2011, a local businessman addressed a meeting of the Cupertino City Council. He had not been on the agenda, but his presence wasn’t a total surprise. Earlier in the year the man had expressed his intention to attend a meeting in order to propose a new series of buildings along the city’s northern border, but he hadn’t felt up to it at the time. He was, as all of them knew, in dire health. Before the start of the meeting, Kris Wang, a Cupertino council­member, looked out the window at the back of the room and saw him walking toward the building. He moved with obvious difficulty, wearing the same outfit he had been seen in the day before when he’d introduced new products to the world—which is to say, the same outfit that anyone had ever seen him wear. When it was his turn to address the council, he walked to the podium. He began to speak, tentative at first before clicking into the conversational yet hypnotically compelling tone he used in keynotes. June 2017. Subscribe to WIRED. His company, he said, had “grown like a weed.” His workforce had increased significantly over a decade, coming to fill more than 100 buildings as workers created one blockbuster product after another. To consolidate his employees, he wanted to create a new campus, a verdant landscape where the border between nature and building would be blurred. Unlike other corporate campuses, which he found “pretty boring,” this would feature as its centerpiece a master structure, shaped like a circle, that would hold 12,000 employees. “It’s a pretty amazing building,” he told them. “It’s a little like a spaceship landed.” When Wang asked what benefit would come to Cupertino from this massive enterprise, the speaker had a slight edge to his voice as he explained, as if to a child, that it would enable the company to stay in the California township. Otherwise, it could sell off its current properties and take its people with it, maybe to someplace nearby, like Mountain View. That unpleasantness out of the way, the speaker was able to return to the subject of what he would create. “I think we do have a shot,” he told the council, “of building the best office building in the world.” What he didn’t tell them—during what none of them could have known would be his last public appearance—is that he was not just planning a new campus for the company he cofounded, built, left, returned to, and ultimately saved from extinction. Through this new headquarters, Steve Jobs was planning the future of Apple itself—a future beyond him and, ultimately, beyond any of us. Steve Jobs makes his pitch for Apple’s new campus at a June 2011 Cupertino City Council meeting. On a crisp and clear March day, more than five years after Jobs’ death, I’m seated next to Jonathan Ive in the back of a Jeep Wrangler as we prepare to tour the nearly completed Apple Park, the name recently bestowed on the campus that Jobs pitched to the Cupertino City Council in 2011. At 50, Apple’s design chieftain still looks like the rugby player he once was, and he remains, despite fame, fortune, and a knighthood, the same soft-spoken Brit I met almost 20 years ago. We are both wearing white hard hats with a silver Apple logo above the brim; Ive’s is personalized with “Jony” underneath the iconic symbol. Dan Whisenhunt, the company’s head of facilities and a de facto manager of the project, comes with us. He too has a personalized hat. It is an active construction site on a tight deadline—the first occupants are supposedly moving in within 30 days of my visit, with 500 new employees arriving every week thereafter—and I felt a bit like one of the passengers on the first ride into Jurassic Park. Related Stories Even Steve Jobs Didn’t Predict the iPhone Decade By David Pierce Aaron Sorkin on Turning Steve Jobs Into a Film Icon By Jennifer M. Woodn 11 Ways to Make Your Office Complex Less Soul-Suckingly Awful By Sam Lubell We drive up North Tantau Avenue, past the buildings that will house employees not fortunate enough to sit in the campus’s main headquarters, as well as the half-finished visitor’s center. Only a few years ago, most of the space was a flat parking lot, but today huge berms—artificial hills—hug the road, blocking views of busy Wolfe Road and Interstate 280 and forming a rolling landscape with hundreds of trees, their roots half-buried in wooden boxes, ready for planting. We drive around campus and turn into the entrance of a tunnel that will take us to the Ring. Of course I’ve seen images of it, architectural equivalents of movie trailers for a much-awaited blockbuster. From the day Jobs presented to the Cupertino City Council, digital renderings of the Ring, as Apple calls the main building, have circulated widely. As construction progressed, enterprising drone pilots began flying their aircraft overhead, capturing aerial views in slickly edited YouTube videos accompanied by New Agey soundtracks. Amid all the fanboy anticipation, though, Apple has also taken some knocks for the scale and scope of the thing. Investors urging Apple to kick back more of its bounty to shareholders have questioned whether the reported $5 billion in construction costs should have gone into their own pockets instead of a workplace striving for history. And the campus’s opening comes at a point when, despite stellar earnings results, Apple has not launched a breakout product since Jobs’ death. Apple executives want us to know how cool its new campus is—that’s why they invited me. But this has also led some people to sniff that too much of its mojo has been devoted to giant glass panels, custom-built door handles, and a 100,000-square-foot fitness and wellness center complete with a two-story yoga room covered in stone, from just the right quarry in Kansas, that’s been carefully distressed, like a pair of jeans, to make it look like the stone at Jobs’ favorite hotel in Yosemite. Inside the 755-foot tunnel, the white tiles along the wall gleam like a recently installed high-end bathroom; it’s what the Lincoln Tunnel must have looked like the day it opened, before the first smudge of soot sullied its walls. And as we emerge into the light, the Ring comes into view. As the Jeep orbits it, the sun glistens off the building’s curved glass surface. The “canopies”—white fins that protrude from the glass at every floor—give it an exotic, retro-­future feel, evoking illustrations from science fiction pulp magazines of the 1950s. Along the inner border of the Ring, there is a walkway where one can stroll the three-quarter-mile perimeter of the building unimpeded. It’s a statement of openness, of free movement, that one might not have associated with Apple. And that’s part of the point. Since 1997, Jonathan Ive has overseen the design of every Apple product—including the company’s new headquarters. We drive through an entrance that takes us under the building and into the courtyard before driving back out again. Since it’s a ring, of course, there is no main lobby but rather nine entrances. Ive opts to take me in through the café, a massive atrium-like space ascending the entire four stories of the building. Once it’s complete, it will hold as many as 4,000 people at once, split between the vast ground floor and the balcony dining areas. Along its exterior wall, the café has two massive glass doors that can be opened when it’s nice outside, allowing people to dine al fresco. “This might be a stupid question,” I say. “But why do you need a four-story glass door?” Ive raises an eyebrow. “Well,” he says. “It depends how you define need, doesn’t it?” We go upstairs, and I take in the view. From planes descending to SFO, and even from drones that buzz the building from a hundred feet above it, the Ring looks like an ominous icon, an expression of corporate power, and a what-the-fuck oddity among the malls, highways, and more mundane office parks of suburban Silicon Valley. But peering out the windows and onto the vast hilly expanse of the courtyard, all of that peels away. It feels … peaceful, even amid the clatter and rumble of construction. It turns out that when you turn a skyscraper on its side, all of its bullying power dissipates into a humble serenity. For the next two hours, Ive and Whisenhunt walk me through other parts of the building and the grounds. They describe the level of attention devoted to every detail, the willingness to search the earth for the right materials, and the obstacles overcome to achieve perfection, all of which would make sense for an actual Apple consumer product, where production expenses could be amortized over millions of units. But the Ring is a 2.8-million-square-foot one-off, eight years in the making and with a customer base of 12,000. How can anyone justify this spectacular effort? “It’s frustrating to talk about this building in terms of absurd, large numbers,” Ive says. “It makes for an impressive statistic, but you don’t live in an impressive statistic. While it is a technical marvel to make glass at this scale, that’s not the achievement. The achievement is to make a building where so many people can connect and collaborate and walk and talk.” The value, he argues, is not what went into the building. It’s what will come out. SCROLL DOWN Norman Foster’s sketch of the building’s evolution, from propeller shape to circle. A ring was not what Jobs had in mind when he first started talking about a new campus. Ive thinks it was around 2004 when he and his boss first began discussing a reimagined headquarters. “I think it was in Hyde Park,” he says. “When we used to go to London together, we’d spend a lot of time in these parks. We began talking about a campus where your primary sense was that you were in parkland, with many elements that were almost collegiate—where the connection between what was built and a parkland was immediate, no matter where you were.” The discussions continued and widened throughout the company, but it wasn’t until 2009 that Apple was ready to actually move on the project. Though vacant land in Cupertino is rare, Apple had purchased 75 acres barely a mile from Infinite Loop, its current headquarters. The company began to seek out the right architectural firm to take on the task, and Jobs came to focus on Norman Foster, a Pritzker Prize winner whose commissions have included the Berlin Reichstag, the Hong Kong airport, and London’s infamous “Gherkin” tower. Jobs called Foster in July 2009 and told him, in Foster’s recollection, that Apple “needed some help.” Norman Foster, one of Apple Park’s architects, had 250 people working on the project at its height. Two months later Foster arrived in Cupertino and spent an entire day with Jobs, first at his office at Infinite Loop and later at his home in Palo Alto, and discovered that his new client had a remarkably detailed vision of the glass, steel, stone, and trees that would make up Apple’s new home. As Jobs spoke, Foster furiously sketched in the A4 sketchbook he is never without, creating a “word picture” of what Jobs was envisioning. “His touchstone was the quad at Stanford,” Foster says, referring to the main part of the school’s campus where low-slung academic buildings, arranged around large, leafy outdoor areas and designed with open-air pathways where one can walk along the structures’ edges, offer the sensation of being both inside and out. Foster soon brought in reinforcements from his London-based firm, Foster + Partners, for the first of many meetings Jobs would have with a growing team of architects. Though he always professed to loathe nostalgia, Jobs based many of his ideas on his favorite features of the Bay Area of his youth. “His briefing was all about California—his idealized California,” says Stefan Behling, a Foster partner who became one of the project leads. The site Apple had bought was an industrial park, largely covered by asphalt, but Jobs envisioned hilly terrain, with sluices of walking paths. He again turned to Stanford for inspiration by evoking the Dish, a popular hiking area near the campus where rolling hills shelter a radio telescope. The meetings often lasted for five or six hours, consuming a significant amount of time in the last two years of Jobs’ life. He could be scary when he swooped down on a detail he demanded. At one point, Behling recalls, Jobs discussed the walls he had in mind for the offices: “He knew exactly what timber he wanted, but not just ‘I like oak’ or ‘I like maple.’ He knew it had to be quarter-­cut. It had to be cut in the winter, ideally in January, to have the least amount of sap and sugar content. We were all sitting there, architects with gray hair, going, ‘Holy shit!’” As with any Apple product, its shape would be determined by its function. This would be a workplace where people were open to each other and open to nature, and the key to that would be modular sections, known as pods, for work or collaboration. Jobs’ idea was to repeat those pods over and over: pod for office work, pod for teamwork, pod for socializing, like a piano roll playing a Philip Glass composition. They would be distributed demo­cratically. Not even the CEO would get a suite or a similar incongruity. And while the company has long been notorious for internal secrecy, compartmentalizing its projects on a need-to-know basis, Jobs seemed to be proposing a more porous structure where ideas would be more freely shared across common spaces. Not totally open, of course—Ive’s design studio, for instance, would be shrouded by translucent glass—but more open than Infinite Loop. “At first, we had no idea what Steve was actually talking about with these pods. But he had it all mapped out: a space where you could concentrate one minute and then bump into another group of people in the next,” Behling says. “And how many restaurants should we have? One restaurant, a huge one, forcing everyone to get together. You have to be able to bump into each other.” In part Jobs was expanding on a concept that he had developed while helping design the headquarters of another company he ran—Pixar—that nudged collaboration by forcing people to stroll longer than usual to the restrooms. (So involved was Jobs in that project that Pixar-­ites call the building “Steve’s Movie.”) In this new project, Jobs was balancing an engineer’s need for intense concentration with the brainstorming that unearths innovation. To accommodate the pods, the main building took the shape of a bloated clover leaf—people at Apple called it the propeller—with three lobes doing a Möbius around a center core. But over time Jobs realized that it wouldn’t work. “We have a crisis,” he told the architects early in the spring of 2010. “I think it is too tight on the inside and too wide on the outside.” This launched weeks of overtime among Foster’s 100-person team to figure out how to resolve the problem. (Their ranks would eventually reach 250.) In May, as he was sketching in his book, Foster wrote down a statement: “On the way to a circle.” According to Walter Isaacson’s biography of Jobs, there was another factor. When Jobs showed a drawing of the clover leaf to his son, Reed, the teenager commented that from the air, the building would look like male genitalia. The next day Jobs repeated the observation to the architects, warning them that from that point on, “you’re never going to be able to erase that vision from your mind.” (Foster and Behling say they have no recollection of this.) By June 2010 it was a circle. No one takes full credit for the shape; all seem to feel it was inevitable all along. “Steve dug it right away,” Foster says. By that fall Whisenhunt had heard that a former HP campus in Cupertino might be available. The 100-acre plot was just north of Apple’s planned site. What’s more, it had deep meaning for Jobs. As a young teen he had talked his way into a summer job at HP, just at the time when its founders—Jobs’ heroes—were walking that site and envisioning an office park cluster for their computer systems division. Now HP was contracting and no longer needed the space. Whisenhunt worked a deal, and Apple’s project suddenly grew to 175 acres. “Steve’s original intention was to sort of blur that line between the inside and outside,” says Lisa Jackson, Apple’s environment czar. “It sort of wakes up your senses.” Jobs had always insisted that most of the site be covered with trees; he even took the step of finding the perfect tree expert to create his corporate Arden. He loved the foliage at the Dish and found one of the arborists responsible. David Muffly, a cheerful, bearded fellow with a Lebowski-ish demeanor, was in a client’s backyard in Menlo Park when he got the call to come to Jobs’ office to talk trees. He was massively impressed with the Apple CEO’s taste and knowledge. “He had a better sense than most arborists,” Muffly says. “He could tell visually which trees looked like they had good structure.” Jobs was adamant that the new campus house indigenous flora, and in particular he wanted fruit trees from the orchards he remembered from growing up in Northern California. Apple will ultimately plant almost 9,000 trees. Muffly was told that the landscape should be futureproof and that he should choose drought-tolerant varieties so his mini forest and meadows could survive a climate crisis. (As part of its ecological efforts to prevent such a crisis, Apple claims, its buildings will run solely on sustainable energy, most of it from solar arrays on the roofs.) Jobs’ aims were not just aesthetic. He did his best thinking during walks and was especially inspired by ambling in nature, so he envisioned how Apple workers would do that too. “Can you imagine doing your work in a national park?” says Tim Cook, who succeeded Jobs as CEO in 2011. “When I really need to think about something I’m struggling with, I get out in nature. We can do that now! It won’t feel like Silicon Valley at all.” Cook recalls the last time he discussed the campus with his boss and friend in the fall of 2011. “It was actually the last time I spoke to him, the Friday before he passed away,” Cook says. “We were watching a movie, Remember the Titans. I loved it, but I was so surprised he liked that movie. I remember talking to him about the site then. It was something that gave him energy. I was joking with him that we were all worried about some things being difficult, but we were missing the most important one, the biggest challenge of all.” Which was? “Deciding which employees are going to sit in the main building” and which would have to work in the outer buildings. “And he just got a big laugh out of it.” SCROLL DOWN SCROLL DOWN 1. Hilltop Theater A 1,000-seat Steve Jobs Theater features a 20-foot tall, 165-foot-diameter glass cylinder topped with a metallic carbon-fiber roof. “It’s on a hill, at one of the highest points on this land,” Tim Cook says. “It felt like him.” 2. Parking Space In 2012, Apple executives worried the project might exceed its budget. “It was a bit of a runaway kind of thing,” Cook says, leading to what one of the architects describes as a budgetary “diet.” One concession: Instead of 6,000 underground parking spaces and 3,000 above­ground (the former being more expensive), the ratio was flipped. 3. Shock Absorbers To withstand earthquakes, the Ring is mounted on huge steel base isolators that ensure the building can move up to 4.5 feet in any direction without losing its vital services. “I love that the ambition was about more than just surviving,” Ive says. “The building could still function.” 4. Tiled Tunnel A 755-foot, white-tile tunnel connects Wolfe Road to the campus and the Ring’s underground parking. Apple prototyped a corner of the tunnel before Ive’s design team signed off on its shape and tile work. 5. Wellness Facility In addition to weights and a two-story yoga room, the 100,000-square-foot Fitness & Wellness Center offers employees access to medical and dental services. “I’m a big believer in people staying active. It’s something that makes them feel better and more energetic,” Tim Cook says. “It’s all about the fixation on the customer, and the customers here are our people, our employees.” 6. Breathing Building To fulfill Jobs’ wish for a building that breathes, the engineering team consulted with experts who optimize airflow in Formula One race cars. The Ring inhales air through soffits (the undersides of the canopies) along its perimeter. Elsewhere, shafts that act like chimneys exhale warm air back outside. 7. Solar System The 2.8-million-square-foot Ring will run solely on sustainable energy, most of it from the 805,000 square feet of solar arrays on the campus. 8. Giant Doors The sliding glass doors along the exterior of the café extend the full four stories of the building. Weighing 440,000 pounds each, they open and close quietly via mechanisms hidden underground. 9. Native Landscape Jobs did his best thinking during long walks in nature, and he envisioned a tree-filled campus where Apple workers could find inspiration in what one architect calls Jobs’ “idealized California.” Apple will plant almost 9,000 trees, all of them drought-­tolerant so that they can survive a climate crisis. All that was left for Apple to do was build it. The board approved Foster + Partners’ design in 2012. Just as Apple’s consumer products are obsessively prototyped, its new headquarters would be no different. There would be working models of various sections of the Ring scattered around the area: a mocked-up stretch of a tunnel in one of the HP buildings before it was demolished; an actual working café near Infinite Loop that served as a scaled-down replica of the Apple Park version. “We viewed the construction process as a manufacturing project and wanted to do as much outside of here as possible. Then you begin to put together Legos,” says Cook, who built his reputation as a master of supply chain efficiency. As with the suppliers for its consumer products, Apple was demanding with its contractors, requiring them to solve problems they had never contemplated before. Such as: How does one create the largest, strongest pieces of glass in the world? Oh, and they have to be curved. “Steve loved the idea of huge pieces of glass,” Behling says. In designing its retail stores over the years, Apple has developed a relationship with a German company, Seele Group; the previous pinnacle of their collaboration was the huge glass cage on New York City’s Fifth Avenue store. The Ring makes that widely praised wonder look like a security barrier at a check-­cashing counter. Its “walls” are 45-foot-tall panels of safety glass. Seele already owned the only machine for forging such panels, but even that could bake only one panel at a time. Since the process takes 14 hours and Apple needed 800 panels, Seele’s capacity was insufficient. So Seele worked with its autoclave manufacturer to develop a much bigger cooker that could stack five panels at once. “The one we had was the biggest in the glass industry by far. This new one is just … giant,” says Nelli Diller, Seele’s managing director. That was the easy part. Seele was also hired to produce the canopies, those fins that give the Ring its space-­age vibe. Though they’re now the building’s signature flourish, they were not something Jobs originally wanted, even though he eventually came around to them. “In Steve’s perfect world, there wouldn’t have been any canopies,” Behling says. “Yes, we can produce an all-glass building, but in this climate we have to shade it—you have to have some serious baseball-cap action.” Foster + Partners’ and Ive’s teams designed the protrusions, and Seele had to figure out how to manufacture them, with the direction that they should be as white as possible. The glass fins that protrude from the Ring at every floor are sloped at a slight downward angle to regulate light and glare. They also prevent rain from streaking down what Ive describes as the “miles of glass” that make up the Ring’s walls. The problem was that the canopies also had to be made of glass, and the iron in sand (which, after all, is what glass is) throws off green. “Even if you buy the best glass in the world, it still stays green,” Behling says. “It was killing everyone.” Fortunately Ive is perhaps the world’s most avid connoisseur of whiteness since Herman Melville—remember the White Whale purity of the early iPod? His design team proposed offsetting the green tint by painting the back of the glass white, then fixing it to perforated metal sheets coated on one side with white silicone. (Behling says a tiny amount of pink was also mixed in with the white pigment.) The solution worked, and it had the added benefit of making the canopies appear to glow. The remaining question was how rain might affect the canopies. “Imagine if you made that mistake, and so you had this building with miles of glass but it would be water-streaked because you didn’t get the design of the canopy right!” Ive says with horror. To ensure water would roll off the canopies rather than staying put (via adhesion), the designers at Apple and Foster + Partners ended up consulting a 1994 study out of the University of Minnesota—“The Teapot Effect: Sheet-Forming Flows With Deflection, Wetting, and Hysteresis”—that informed how the canopies would curve to deflect rain. For Seele, the very toughest challenge came from constructing the giant glass sliding doors for the café—they had to extend from the ground to the roof, a full four stories. Each door leaf is about 85 feet by 54 feet. “The only doors I know of in the world that size are on an airplane hangar,” Diller says. The steel that frames each leaf weighs 165 metric tons, which is about 360,000 pounds. Structural components, like rods, weigh another 18,000 pounds. Then there are 10 panels of glass, each weighing nearly 6,500 pounds. So you have two leaves, weighing 440,000 pounds apiece, that have to slide open and closed. “And it’s a restaurant, so you want to have it move without any major noise,” Diller says. The solution was to put all the machinery underground. Though Apple’s and Foster + Partners’ teams worked through dozens of such problems over the past few years, everyone insists that the project is more or less as Jobs wanted, at more or less the original estimated cost. When it looked like the budget might get out of control in 2012, they put the project “on a diet,” Behling says, making trade-offs like giving up some underground parking spaces in favor of less-expensive above­ground garages. (Though Apple won’t officially confirm or deny the project’s reported $5 billion price tag, Cook doesn’t correct me when I cite it during our time together.) “I would say that the big picture has not changed at all,” Foster says. “If Steve could reappear, it would be as he conceived it when he last saw it as drawings. He’d find some of the details that were not addressed in his lifetime, but I believe he’d approve them.” Those post-Jobs details were largely crafted by Foster + Partners and Ive’s design team, who custom-developed almost every aspect of the building, down to the wash­basins and faucets. For Ive, it was not the first time he’d imagined what an absent Jobs would’ve wanted. “There was a point in time when he was involved in the products and then a point in time when he wasn’t,” Ive says of the months leading up to Jobs’ death. “Sadly this was no different.” During my tour, when we pass through an aboveground parking garage, Ive quivers with enthusiasm as he describes what we’re seeing. He points out how smooth the edges are on the concrete beams and how carefully molded the curves are at the rectangular building’s corners, like perfectly formed round-rects on a dialog box. Further­more, infrastructure like water pipes and electrical conduits is hidden in the beams, so the whole thing doesn’t look like a basement. “It’s not that we’re using expensive concrete,” Ive says, defining what he calls the transformative nature of this parking garage. “It’s the care and development of a design idea and then being resolute—no, we’re not going to just do the easy, least-path-of-resistance sort of standardized form work.” Inside the Ring, Ive lingers on another feature that draws special pride: the staircases. They’re made of a thin, lightweight concrete that achieves the perfect white, and they have unusual banisters that seem carved out from the wall alongside the stairs. “You can create a handrail by screwing on a railing system that is essentially an afterthought,” he says, with unfettered contempt at those who would. “But you actually solve it fundamentally with design.” Later I learn that the stairwells also qualify as fire stairs; normally these require heavy doors that reduce the spread of fire. But Jobs, inspired by the way fire stairs work on yachts, had suggested that, in cases of flagration, glass encasing the stairwells should be drenched by high-­pressure sprinkler heads producing a dense mist, a proposal that apparently satisfied the Santa Clara County Fire Department. To Jobs, “trees were the most beautiful bits of art,” says architect Stefan Behling. “He used to say, ‘The most amazing thing about trees is it doesn’t actually matter how rich you are: You can never buy a really old, beautiful tree.’” When we examine one of the nearly completed pods, I see what a typical programmer’s office will be. It starts with the door handle, designed by Apple and Foster + Partners, who wanted the same handle to be used for sliding doors and pivoting ones and went through multiple iterations. Later I get a look at some of the early prototypes, feeling like I’m checking the fossil record of some high tech version of the Burgess Shale. Some are long and barely protruding; others are tighter and less forgiving about how you grip them. All seem to be tooled from the same aluminum as a MacBook Pro. And, of course, the final version is designed to be integrated into the doorframe—heaven forbid you would bolt something on in Apple’s headquarters. The panels on the office walls look a lot like what Jobs described during the architects’ “holy shit” moment when the project started, but they did not come from trees cut in January. For environmental reasons, Apple created a custom timber veneer from recycled wood. The desk itself is height-­adjustable and went through multiple versions, mostly involving different configurations of the brackets that fix it to the wall: These contain the fiber for connectivity as well as electrical wires. (It would be a crime to see them dangling.) To bring the desk up or down, there are two buttons underneath. Users can tell them apart by feel: The convex one raises the table, the concave lowers it. “Jobs had a better sense than most arborists,” says David Muffly, whom the Apple chief tapped to handle the trees for the new campus. “He could tell visually which trees looked like they had good structure.” Jobs hated air-conditioning and especially loathed fans. (He vigilantly tried to keep them out of his computers.) But he also didn’t want people opening windows, so he insisted on natural ventilation, a building that breathes just like the people who work inside it. “The flaps and the opening mechanism,” Behling explains, “all have to relate to sensors that measure where the wind is coming from and how the air goes through it.” Unlike sealed buildings in which the temperature is rigidly controlled, the Ring circulates outside air. The concrete in the floor and ceiling is embedded with tubes of water and is supposed to lock in a temperature between 68 and 77 degrees, so that the heating or cooling system will kick in only on very hot or cold days. (In theory some workers can use thermostats to adjust the temperature in a given pod, but only by a couple of degrees.) When I later discuss the office climate with Apple’s environment czar, Lisa Jackson, she professes understanding—to a point. “It’s not like we’re asking people to be uncomfortable at work,” she says. “We’re asking them to recognize that part of being connected to the outside is knowing what temperature it is. We don’t want you to feel like you’re in a casino. We want you to know what time of day it is, what temperature it is outside. Is the wind really blowing? That was Steve’s original intention, to sort of blur that line between the inside and outside. It sort of wakes up your senses.” Slide: 1 / of 7. Caption: Caption: CEO Tim Cook stands in a finished pod. Slide: 2 / of 7. Caption: Caption: Early sketches of the pods from Foster + Partners show how the designers considered issues both large (how each pod fits into the structure of the Ring) and small (where to position the light strips). Slide: 3 / of 7. Caption: Caption: The light fixtures look like luminous strips rather than individual LED bulbs. Slide: 4 / of 7. Caption: Caption: Users can dial in the lights to cast their glow up or down (or both). Slide: 5 / of 7. Caption: Caption: Jobs’ idea was to repeat the pods over and over: pod for office work, pod for teamwork, pod for socializing, like a piano roll playing a Philip Glass composition. Slide: 6 / of 7. Caption: Caption: Designers hid two buttons (one convex, one concave) under each desk for raising and lowering it. Slide: 7 / of 7. Caption: Caption: Apple and Foster + Partners went through dozens of door handle prototypes before landing on the final iteration: a single piece of milled aluminum that integrates into a door­frame without any visible bolts or screws. Related Galleries Bragi’s Fancy New Earbuds Translate for You in Real Time 5 Tools to Help Protect Yourself From Ransomware The Emoji Movie Misses the Point of Emoji HTC’s Squishy New Phone Has All The Things—Even Alexa Watch People With Accents Confuse the Hell Out of AI Assistants Bragi’s Fancy New Earbuds Translate for You in Real Time Slide: 1 / of 7 Caption: Caption: CEO Tim Cook stands in a finished pod. Slide: 2 / of 7 Caption: Caption: Early sketches of the pods from Foster + Partners show how the designers considered issues both large (how each pod fits into the structure of the Ring) and small (where to position the light strips). Slide: 3 / of 7 Caption: Caption: The light fixtures look like luminous strips rather than individual LED bulbs. Slide: 4 / of 7 Caption: Caption: Users can dial in the lights to cast their glow up or down (or both). Slide: 5 / of 7 Caption: Caption: Jobs’ idea was to repeat the pods over and over: pod for office work, pod for teamwork, pod for socializing, like a piano roll playing a Philip Glass composition. Slide: 6 / of 7 Caption: Caption: Designers hid two buttons (one convex, one concave) under each desk for raising and lowering it. Slide: 7 / of 7 Caption: Caption: Apple and Foster + Partners went through dozens of door handle prototypes before landing on the final iteration: a single piece of milled aluminum that integrates into a door­frame without any visible bolts or screws. Related Galleries Bragi’s Fancy New Earbuds Translate for You in Real Time 5 Tools to Help Protect Yourself From Ransomware The Emoji Movie Misses the Point of Emoji 7 It’s hard not to be overwhelmed by all of this. Ask me sometime about the fonts in the elevator or the hidden pipes in the bathroom commodes. And it’s hard not to return again and again to the same question: Is Apple Park the arcadia outlined by Jobs in his public farewell, or is it an anal-retentive nightmare of indulgence gone wild? Apple’s answer is that the perfection here will inspire its workforce to match that effort in the products they create, that the environment itself is meant to motivate engineers, designers, and even café managers to aspire for ever-higher levels of quality and innovation. (Francesco Longoni, the maestro of the Apple Park café, helped Apple patent a box that will keep to-go pizzas from getting soggy.) “We’re amortizing this in an entirely different way,” Ive says. “We don’t measure this in terms of numbers of people. We think about it in terms of the future. The goal was to create an experience and an environment that felt like a reflection of who we are as a company. This is our home, and everything we make in the future is going to start here.” For workers who want to take the café’s pizza back to their pods, Apple created (and patented) a container that lets air and moisture escape so the crust won’t get soggy. As Apple Park inches toward completion, its critics are getting louder, and what began with aesthetic judgments of the digital renderings—the Los Angeles Times’ architecture critic called the Ring a “retrograde cocoon”—has lately turned to social and cultural critiques. That the campus is a snobby isolated preserve, at odds with the trendy urbanist school of corporate headquarters. (Amazon, Twitter, and Airbnb are all part of a movement that hopes to integrate tech employees into cities as opposed to having them commute via fuel-gobbling cars or numbing Wi-Fi-equipped buses. ) That the layout of the Ring is too rigid, and that unlike ­Google’s planned Mountain View headquarters (which that company has described as having “lightweight blocklike structures, which can be moved around easily as we invest in new product areas”), Apple Park is not prepared to adapt to potential changes in how, where, and why people work. That there is no childcare center. “It’s an obsolete model that doesn’t address the work conditions of the future,” says Louise Mozingo, an urban design professor at UC Berkeley. “It’s a spectacular piece of formal design, but it’s contrarian to what’s going on in corporate headquarters across the tech industry,” says Scott Wyatt, an architect at NBBJ, a prominent international firm that has designed buildings for Google, Amazon, and Tencent. Foster will have none of it. Sitting in the gleaming café that is a model for the much larger version under construction at Apple Park, he doesn’t even wait for the question before launching into a defense of his design. “This building rose out of the passion of Steve Jobs,” he says. “The idea that a beautiful object descended on this verdant, luxurious landscape and that it will be inhabited by 12,000 people: That is a true utopian vision. So part of my job is confronting these criticisms and saying, ‘You must be mad.’” The stone for the exterior of the Fitness & Wellness Center was sourced from a quarry in Kansas and then distressed, like a pair of jeans, to make it look like the stone at Jobs’ favorite hotel in Yosemite. Apple Park may be an architectural tour de force, but Foster has grasped its essential truth: At heart it is the realization of a dying man’s wish to eternally shape the workplace of the company he founded. Yes, Apple insists that by working in a place where artificial hills are dotted with pines transplanted from Christmas tree farms in the Mojave Desert, its employees will make better products. But didn’t Apple create its marvelous Apple II in a bedroom and its ground­breaking Macintosh in a low-slung office park building? The employees who work at the new campus are leaving behind the buildings that provided sufficient inspiration to invent the iPhone. It’s probably more accurate to say that Apple Park is the architectural avatar of the man who envisioned it, the same man who pushed employees to produce those signature products. In the absence of his rigor and clarity, he left behind a headquarters that embodies both his autobiography and his values. The phrase that keeps coming up in talks with key Apple figures is “Steve’s gift.” Behind that concept is the idea that in the last months of his life, Jobs expended significant energy to create a workplace that would benefit Apple’s workers for perhaps the next century. “This was a hundred-year decision,” Cook says. “And Steve spent the last couple of years of his life pouring himself in here at times when he clearly felt very poorly. More on Steve Jobs Steve Jobs: The Next Insanely Great Thing By Gary Wolf How Apple Got Everything Right By Doing Everything Wrong By Leander Kahney The Untold Story: How the iPhone Blew Up the Wireless Industry By FRED VOGELSTEIN “Could we have cut a corner here or there?” Cook asks rhetorically. “It wouldn’t have been Apple. And it wouldn’t have sent the message to everybody working here every day that detail matters, that care matters.” That was what Jobs wanted—what he always wanted. And the current leaders of Apple are determined not to disappoint him in what is arguably his biggest, and is certainly his last, product launch. “I revere him,” Cook says. “And this was clearly his vision, his concept. Our biggest project ever.” Last December, Cook, Ive, and Apple PR head Steve Dowling met with Laurene Powell Jobs, Steve’s widow. At the time, the campus didn’t have a name. One option was to brand the entire site after the company’s late CEO, but that didn’t feel right. A more intimate honor would come from lending his name to the 1,000-seat theater in the southeast corner of the campus. Not only had Jobs thought hard about what the theater should look like, but it will also be the stage for product launches like those he had so famously made his own. “It’s on a hill, at one of the highest points on this land,” Cook says. “It felt like him.” And so his name will be on the theater. But anyone searching for Steve Jobs’ finger­prints on Apple Park will find them elsewhere—in the glint off the Ring’s curves, in the sway of the trees, and in the thousands of other details we can and cannot see. Coming soon: Video from inside Apple’s new mothership. To get notified when it goes live, sign up for our newsletter. Steven levy (@stevenlevy) wrote about Apple’s early AI efforts for issue 22.09. He is the editor of Backchannel. This article appears in the June issue. Subscribe now. grooming by raina antle (Ive, Cook)
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/16/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/16/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Report: Apple Inc. Prepping MacBook Updates for WWDC Three of Apple's portable Mac products are reportedly getting upgrades next month. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) May 16, 2017 at 7:30PM Per a fresh report from Bloomberg, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) "plans to announce an update to its laptop lineup at an annual conference for app developers in early June." Or, in other words, at Apple's World Wide Developers Conference (WWDC). Image source: Apple. Bloomberg says that the Mac maker plans to refresh three of its MacBook products. The company's MacBook Pro "will get a faster Kaby Lake processor from Intel" (NASDAQ:INTC), and its 12-inch MacBook will also get a "faster Intel chip." Perhaps most interestingly, Bloomberg says that Apple "has also considered updating the aging 13-inch MacBook Air with a new processor" because sales of the device "remain surprisingly strong." The MacBook Pro updates Apple currently sells its MacBook Pro computers in two screen sizes -- 13 inches and 15 inches. Both current models incorporate Intel's Skylake processor family (marketed as sixth-generation Core), and both lack features available in Kaby Lake chips (marketed as seventh-generation Core), and are less efficient, to boot. Image source: Intel. The move from sixth-generation Core to seventh-generation Core isn't going to deliver a groundbreaking improvement in user experience, but higher performance, more features, and better power efficiency are always good things -- especially since Apple's competitors are already shipping systems based on those superior chips. The MacBook update The current 12-inch MacBook also includes a sixth-generation Core processor (though technically the chips are marketed under the now mostly phased-out "Core m" branding, they are sixth-generation Core processors in terms of design and capabilities). I suspect that the "faster Intel chip" that Bloomberg mentions is simply a seventh-generation Core (Kaby Lake) processor. The chips found in the current 12-inch MacBook are quite a bit zippier than the chips used in the first iteration of the 12-inch MacBook, but substantially faster chips (and the Kaby Lake chips suitable for the 12-inch MacBook are noticeably faster than the current Skylake ones) would probably significantly improve the user experience, given the very tight power constraints on the chips inside such slim/fan-less devices. One more thing... Apple's current 13-inch MacBook Air includes a fifth-generation Intel Core processor (based on the Broadwell architecture), which means that in terms of the processor inside of it, it is woefully out of date. Intel delivered substantial performance/feature improvements in moving from its fifth-generation Core product line to its sixth-generation Core products, and it did so again when it moved from its sixth-generation Core to its seventh-generation Core products. A two-generation improvement in performance/efficiency should be quite a nice shot in the arm for the 13-inch MacBook Air. The Bloomberg article didn't make clear what other enhancements, if any, Apple plans to bring to the faster 13-inch MacBook Air, but here are two features that could help make the device more competitive in the marketplace: Better display: The display found on the current 13-inch MacBook Air is simply not acceptable for anything close to resembling a premium laptop. An upgrade to a higher-resolution, IPS display (though support for wide color isn't necessary) would be most welcome for this product. More modern look: The current 13-inch MacBook Air is based on an ancient (in tech terms) design, with the most prominent sign of this being the huge bezels around the display. These bezels need to be shrunken, at a minimum. If the current 13-inch MacBook Air is still selling reasonably well given all of its deficits, then one with new processors and the changes outlined above could do really well in the marketplace, potentially enabling Apple to accelerate share gains against Windows-based notebooks. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info May 16, 2017 at 7:30PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.47 down $0.23 (-0.15%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $35.82 up $0.19 (0.53%) Read More Apple, Inc. Stock Hits New High: Buy, Sell, or Hold? A Foolish Take: Which Companies Dominate the Wearables Market? Apple Is Now The World's Biggest Dividend Payer Apple's iPhone Is Losing Ground in China This Apple Inc. Watch Competitor Totally Failed Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Report: Apple Inc. Prepping MacBook Updates for WWDC @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $INTC
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple Releases macOS 10.12.5 — What’s New? Corazon Victorino International Business Times May 16, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Apple has issued another software update for its Mac devices. The new macOS 10.12.5 update addresses certain bugs found in the previous version of the operating system and lays the groundwork for future updates that the Cupertino giant is rolling out in the coming months.  The release notes that came with macOS 10.12.5 is rather short, but the software update actually comes with very practical changes. For instance, the new update enables media-free installation of Windows 10 Creators Update using Boot Camp. Previously, Mac devices did not have support for clean installs of the Creators Update, which Microsoft released last month. Thus, Mac owners had to manually install the Windows 10 Anniversary Update first before they could upgrade to the Creators Update, as per Neowin.  The “media-free installation” mentioned in the release notes refers to the fact that users do not need to create installation media like a USB disk image before installing the Windows 10 Creators Update anymore. Apple has since made changes to its support page to indicate that Microsoft’s Creators Update is only available “on supported Mac models that have macOS Sierra or later” versions of the OS. The updated support page also states that “if you have an earlier release of Windows 10, you can install it on a Mac with OS X Yosemite or later.” READ: Apple rolls out iOS 10.3.2 for iPhones, iPads While there were no additions, bug fixes and changes discovered during the beta testing of macOS Sierra 10.12.5, the final version came with bug fixes and enhancements, as pointed out by MacRumors. The new update fixes the audio problem that persisted when Mac owners used USB headphones with their computers. Another entry in the release notes mentions the improved compatibility of the Mac App Store with the upcoming software updates. The tech giant did not indicate what this enhanced compatibility comes with, but it is expected to lay the groundwork for the new version of macOS that will be launched during Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference this June.  Check out the full release notes below: Fixes an issue where audio may stutter when played through USB headphones Enhances compatibility of the Mac App Store with future software updates Adds support for media-free installation of Windows 10 Creators Update using Boot Camp Adds support for more digital camera RAW formats. Resolves an issue, affecting some enterprise and education customers, that may cause the system date to be set to the year 2040. Prevents a potential kernel panic when starting up from a NetInstall image. This fix is available when starting up from a NetInstall image created from the macOS 10.12.5 installer. READ: Apple developing AR Glasses and wireless charging technology   This week’s macOS 10.12.5 update is the fifth major update that Tim Cook’s company released since the Sierra OS was formally introduced in September last year. It is now available for download from the Mac App Store, and it is expected to show up on the macOS downloads page anytime soon. Meanwhile, Apple has also rolled out update 2017-002 for older macOS versions Yosemite and El Capitan, Ars Technica has learned.  AppleMore Apple has rolled out a new macOS update. Photo: Reuters/Yuya Shino Related Articles Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 Update For iPhones And iPads Apple Invests $200 Million In Corning Siri To Get Galaxy S8's Bixby Vision Like Feature? Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Meet this new apple-picking robot Yahoo Tech Mars rover reaches site that scientists still can’t explain BGR News Control your Roomba with just your voice via this new Alexa integration Yahoo Tech Scientists just discovered something incredible about the dinosaur-killer asteroid BGR News Pogue's Basics: How to create a search-and-replace macro in Word Yahoo Tech We noshed on Nougat, and Android 7.0 is Google’s sweetest update yet Yahoo Tech Build your own DIY video game console Yahoo Tech The wireless over-ear headphones that beat Beats are back on sale on Amazon BGR News The first flying car is available for pre-order Yahoo Tech Intel and AMD are going to war with next-gen CPUs BGR News
Search Primary Menu Skip to content FRONT PAGE NEWS SOCIETY BUSINESS ECONOMY POLITICS EDUCATION SCI-TECH SPORTS TRAVEL 日本語 ALL BLOGS Blogs  >  BUSINESS Is the United States offshoring high-tech leadership to China? May 17, 2017 blogsonjapan Source: East Asia Forum Author: Andrew Kennedy, ANU In March, Apple announced it would establish two new research and development (R&D) centres in China, to accompany two other centres it announced last year. In doing so, Apple joined a growing list of US high-tech companies that have established an R&D presence in China over the past two decades, including Microsoft, Google, Oracle and Intel. Americans have long worried about the offshoring of US manufacturing jobs to China — fears that Donald Trump exploited to become President. So is the United States on the verge of becoming reliant on China for R&D as well? The answer is no — for several reasons. First, while US corporate R&D is globalising, it is doing so very slowly. Between 2000 and 2010, for example, the share of US corporate R&D performed within the United States fell from 88 per cent to 84 per cent. The very gradual nature of the shift reflects a number of constraints: the complexity of managing global R&D networks, how embedded multinationals are in their home countries, and the local infrastructure and intellectual property protection that core R&D can require, among others. Second, US firms conduct R&D in many countries around the world …continue reading      BLOG CATEGORIES ALL BLOGS BUSINESS CARS CULTURE EDUCATION FOOD JOBS SCI-TECH SOCIETY TRAVEL J-INFO Japan Weather City Guide All Japan Tours DHgate Japan Fashion PromoCodeWatch.com 7 Binary Options: Robots Search for: CONTACT US ADVERTISING TWITTER RSS iPhone App (Free) iPad App (Free) Android App (Free) NEWS CATEGORIES BUSINESS ECONOMY EDUCATION POLITICS SCI-TECH SOCIETY SPORTS TRAVEL 日本語 BLOG CATEGORIES BUSINESS CULTURE ANIME-MANGA MARTIAL ARTS MOVIES EDUCATION JAPANESE TEACHING FOOD JOBS SCI-TECH SOCIETY TRAVEL Kyoto NAVIGATION NEWS Society Business Education Sci-Tech Travel Economy Politics Sports 日本語 BLOGS Business Cars Culture Education Food Sci-Tech Society Travel Music / Talk CONTACT US ADVERTISING TWITTER iPhone App (Free) iPad App (Free) Android App (Free)
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 130 6 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Google has discovered hardware is, well, hard Its new Pixel smartphones, Home voice speaker and virtual reality handsets lag competitors' sales. Post to Facebook Google has discovered hardware is, well, hard Its new Pixel smartphones, Home voice speaker and virtual reality handsets lag competitors' sales.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2rlJg8s {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 8 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Google has discovered hardware is, well, hard Jon Swartz and Jessica Guynn , USA TODAY Published 8:46 a.m. ET May 16, 2017 | Updated 7 hours ago CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share USA TODAY's Jefferson Graham says Google Home is improved but is still a work in progress with some gaping holes. Video by Robert Hanashiro Google CEO Sundar Pichai (Photo: Jefferson Graham, USA TODAY) 130 CONNECTTWEET 6 LINKEDIN 8 COMMENTEMAILMORE MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. — When Google made a major foray into hardware last year with new smartphones, a voice-activated speaker,  a virtual-reality headset and a WiFi router, it was an audacious play to complement its software arsenal and extend its reach into the consumer market. The company best known for its search engine wasn't kidding around: It made hardware the centerpiece of its Google I/O developers conference here and later poached Amazon executive David Foster, who ran the lab responsible for Amazon's Kindle tablet and Echo smart speaker, to head hardware product development. Google CEO Sundar Pichai has referred to hardware as "our next big bet." A year later, Google has discovered that hardware can be, well, hard. As Google gets ready to lay out its vision at this year's I/O Wednesday, it's still making that hardware bet pay off. Pixel phones are in short supply and relatively few have sold. Virtual reality isn't yet ready for prime time, as evidenced by modest sales of Google's Daydream VR headsets. The Home speaker has sold well, but has been dwarfed by Amazon Echo. Foster, the prized recruit brought to kick-start the division, left in April after six months on the job. Hardware is hard because Google's success, in large part, is dependent on others. It's sourcing components, managing inventory and distribution, making supply-chain deals, crafting relationships with cellular carriers, and more. It's also investing plenty of money into marketing, making this a risky financial and operational gambit for Google. Albeit early in Google's grand hardware experiment, the company lags in key markets. Jan Dawson, who runs Jackdaw Research, estimates shipments of 600,000 to 700,000 Pixels in the fourth quarter last year, and probably half that amount in the first quarter of 2017. (Apple, by comparison, shipped 50.8 million iPhones in the first quarter.) Google Home, with 23.8% of the U.S. market for voice-enabled speakers this year, is far behind Amazon Echo's 70.6%, according to eMarketer. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Google's new Pixel phones, Google Home and Daydream VR  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. An attendee takes pictures of the Google Pixel phone display during a Google product event in San Francisco.  John G Mabanglo, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen A Google Home unit is on display following a product event Oct. 4 in San Francisco.  Eric Risberg, AP Fullscreen Mario Queiroz, Google VP of product management, introduces the new Google Home.  John G Mabanglo, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen The new Google Pixel phone  Eric Risberg, AP Fullscreen Dan Howley tries out the Google Daydream View virtual-reality headset and controller. Daydream View will differ from other VR headsets by having a companion motion controller and compatibility with a wide range of phones.  Eric Risberg, AP Fullscreen Members of the media examine Google's Pixel phone.  Ramin Talaie, Getty Images Fullscreen A journalist uses Google's Daydream VR headset. Google unveiled new products, including the Google Pixel Phone, making a jump into the mobile device market.  Ramin Talaie, Getty Images Fullscreen Google's new Daydream VR headset and controller.  Google Fullscreen The headset and phone say hello wirelessly. There's nothing to connect. And the headset includes an auto-alignment system that gets everything just right. It's just seconds to being in VR once you drop in the phone.  Google Fullscreen A screen shot from YouTube VR.   Google Fullscreen Sundar Pichai, CEO of Google, discusses Google’s new Pixel phones during the Google event in San Francisco.  Theresa Chong for USA TODAY Fullscreen Google's headset features a small controller similar to a remote with clickable touchpad at the top and two buttons.  Google Fullscreen Google's Snow version of the headset.  Google Fullscreen The headset and controller will go on sale in November for $79.  Google. Fullscreen Googles Daydream.  Google Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 15 2 of 15 3 of 15 4 of 15 5 of 15 6 of 15 7 of 15 8 of 15 9 of 15 10 of 15 11 of 15 12 of 15 13 of 15 14 of 15 15 of 15 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Even Daydream shipments — expected to soar from 120,000 last year to 2.23 million in 2017 — would amount to about half the size of market leader Samsung Gear VR's shipments this year, according to IHS Markit. "Hardware is a tough business and can be quickly commoditized," says Tuong Nguyen, an analyst at market researcher Gartner. "But the end game is not to compete with Samsung and Apple on shipments. It is to show (Google) services through devices." Google does not specifically break out revenue figures for hardware, but Pichai hinted it contributed to a 43% increase in "other revenues" to $3 billion during Alphabet's quarterly financial report last month. The company, when asked to comment, says it's "thrilled" with the reception of its hardware. "We’re committed to building hardware for the long term as a great way to bring a beautiful, seamless Google experience to people," Google said in an emailed statement. "The early signs are promising, and you can expect to see us expand our offerings thoughtfully." Google Home has a skills gap.  (Photo: Google) 'Made by Google' One of the most frequently cited quotes in technology is computer scientist Alan Kay’s advice that “people who are really serious about software should make their own hardware." Steve Jobs even referenced Kay when introducing the first iPhone, which tightly weaves Apple software and hardware to control the Apple user's experience end to end. Last year, Google tore that page from Apple's playbook, staking its claim as its own hardware brand with the introduction of the Google Home speaker, the Daydream virtual reality headset, a WiFi router and an updated Chromecast video streaming stick. In October, it unveiled the Google Pixel. This week when Google again gathers thousands of software developers in Mountain View, Calif., it's expected to continue its big push into the hardware business. Google's gambit, with the catchy phrase "Made by Google," creates its own portfolio of consumer devices in the mode of an Apple or Amazon, to ensure consumers always have access to its web services and, hence advertising. The goal is to create "a personal Google for each and every user," Pichai said last year. It's risky on several levels: besides the cost of manufacturing, marketing and customer service, it risks alienating its own Android partners, with which its Pixel phones and other deices now compete. But even if the Home and Pixel don't fly out the shelves, Google may still count the 'Made by Google' play as a success — if the devices pressure its partners, such as Samsung and LG Electronics, to come out with their own groundbreaking hardware based on Android. And that's the ultimate goal, say analysts:  entice users to stay in the Google ecosystem, a network of services and devices linked by its Google Assistant artificial intelligence. Google's camera takes advantage of some nifty software trickery to make it the fastest smartphone camera on the market today.  (Photo: Reviewed.com / Michael Desjardin) "I  never believed that Google's position in hardware was designed to be a huge revenue maker," says Creative Strategies analyst Tim Bajarin said. "I don't ever see Google as a hardware company. I see them as a company that creates hardware to try to get their OEMs to push the envelope." It is a strategy fixated more on retaining Google's loyal users within its computing ecosystem than overtaking market leaders in various hardware categories, say analysts. "Pixel is more about showcasing Google services on one phone than it is about competing on a large scale with Samsung Galaxy S8 and iPhone," says Holger Mueller, principal analyst at Constellation Research. Sonny Chatrath, director of sales of a travel management company and a Bollywood actor from Freehold, N.J., is a loyal Google customer.  (Photo: AFTAB) Some of these loyal users say this plan is working working. "I wanted one from the day it was announced," Clifton Thomas, a 38-year-old graphic designer from Clifton Forge, Va., says of the Google Pixel. Thomas said Google’s own devices were always attractive because they received operating system and security devices before other Android devices. But the Pixel was special because it was expressly built to show off Google's latest services and artificial intelligence, says Thomas, who uses the Chrome browser, Android Auto in his car, and Google Play Music as his streaming service. And the Pixel is his primary camera, too, which he uses to take pictures and video of his 9-month-old daughter. When Sonny Chatrath, director of sales of a travel management company and a Bollywood actor from Freehold, N.J., decided to give up his Gionee S7, a Chinese phone which he bought in India while shooting a film, he almost bought the new Samsung Galaxy S8+, lured by a buy-one-get-one-free promotion. But this self-described "Google guy" says he couldn't resist buying the Pixel instead. He says he wanted to have a phone no else does."I am a fan of everything Google, therefore the choice was not difficult," says Chatrath, who describes himself as a devout Android user. Follow USA TODAY's San Francisco Bureau Chief Jon Swartz @jswartz on Twitter. 130 CONNECTTWEET 6 LINKEDIN 8 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2rlJg8s
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home search Don't expect an iPad Mini 5: Apple might 'phase out' its smallest tablet Elyse Betters17 May 2017Tablets Pocket-lint A BGR source says Apple plans to "discontinue" iPad Mini The compact tablet has been "sized out of its own category" People are likely buying iPhone 7 Plus rather than iPad Mini Apparently, the sales numbers are “very clear” Does this mean the iPad Mini line is about to be killed? Apple hasn't confirmed, we may hear more at WWDC 2017 Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment The iPad Mini line might soon be no more. The last iPad Mini, the iPad Mini 4, was announced along with the iPad Pro in late 2015. And then, this spring, Apple upgraded it slightly with increased storage. That means we are way over due for a refresh. So, will Apple use its upcoming WWDC conference to announce an iPad Mini 5? Nope, according to anonymous BGR source, which claimed Apple plans to "phase out" or "discontinue" the compact tablet. The report suggested that iPad Mini has been "sized out of its own category", likely thanks to the iPhone 7 Plus. Most people don't want to spend their money on an new entry-level iPad when they can just get a larger iPhone, it seems. But that's not just speculation. Apparently, the sales numbers are “very clear” - and the primary reason why the company plans to "eliminate" the iPad Mini. Which iPad is best for you? Best iPad Pro cases: Protect your new huge 12.9-inch Apple tablet Keep in mind none of this information is confirmed. Also, other reports have indicated Apple plans to introduce a 10.5-inch iPad while keeping both its 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch tablets. Doing so could make the 7.9-inch tablet even more obsolete. We've of course contacted the company for a comment and will update if we hear more. We might even learn more at WWDC 2017 next month. Check out Pocket-lint's WWDC 2017 guide for more details about what to expect from the conference. Apple iPad Pro 9.7 review: The tablet to beat all tablets Apple iPad Pro 9.7 vs iPad Pro 12.9: What's the difference? Sections Apple Tablets Source: BGR Best tablet / 2-in-1 2017: The best tablets and 2-in-1 devices available to buy today Apple iPad Pro 9.7 review: The tablet to beat all tablets Don't expect an iPad Mini 5: Apple might 'phase out' its smallest tablet Apple Siri speaker and 10.5-inch iPad Pro all but confirmed for WWDC Popular In Tablets On Pocket-lint Don't expect an iPad Mini 5: Apple might 'phase out' its smallest tablet iPad Pro 10.5-inch could be launched in June following case leak Don't expect a Surface Pro 5 from Microsoft anytime soon Hurry! Amazon's 7-inch Fire tablets are £25 off right now Does this leak prove Motorola is working on a new Android tablet? Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: Perfect entertainment... for a price Tablets for kids: How to setup an Amazon Fire tablet for children Best Apple iPad (2017) cases: Protect your new 9.7-inch iPad New Apple iPad (2017) vs Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: What's the difference? New Apple iPad (2017) vs iPad Air 2: What's the difference? HTC U11 vs Samsung Galaxy S8: What's the difference? HTC U11 preview: Easy squeezy, liquid surface pleasy HTC U11: Release date, specs and everything you need to know Philips Hue expands White Ambience range with three new smart lamps Google I/O 2017: When is it, where to watch, and what to expect Sony Alpha A99 II review: Proving that translucent can triumph Apple could update its entire MacBook line at WWDC next month What is Samsung Pay and how does it work? Full OnePlus 5 specs leak in retail listing Samsung QLED Q7F 4K TV review: QLED gets off to a flying start Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple Goes 'Beyond WWDC' with Third Party Events New Report Says iPad mini to be Discontinued Soon Apple Seeds First Developer Releases of iOS 10.3.3, watchOS 3.2.3, tvOS 10.2.2 Tips macOS: Great Wallpaper is Hidden in Your Mac's Screensaver Collection iCloud and iWork: Using On-Demand Downloads Podcasts iPad mini on Life Support, Michael Lombardo at Apple - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-16 TMO Background Mode Interview with Astrophysicist Dr. Kelly Holley-Bockelmann View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Dear Apple: When Will Siri Be Good Enough to Protect My Family? A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Alexa, Siri, You're Not a Trusted Family Member With Mac and PC Designs Mature, Computational Power is Sexier Siri's No Amazon Alexa yet, but Give Her Time View All Editorials → ‘Today at Apple’ Launches with a Great Drum Beat Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin 1 minute read May 16th, 2017 6:47 PM EDT | Cool Stuff Found Check out the drum beat in this new Today at Apple YouTube video. OK, maybe the drummer isn’t the point of the video, but man, I love it. The video promotes the company’s Today at Apple website, which launched on Tuesday. This service is designed to make it easy to find out what’s going on at your local Apple Store. Actually, they’re just called Apple now, but you know, Apple’s global fleet of retail stores. For instance, at Apple Palo Alto, there’s a Photo Walk at 11:45 AM PDT—well, that’s tomorrow, but think of “Today” as more like “during the next 24 hours or so.” There are also a couple of Kids Hours near me and a Photo Walk at another Apple Store. The site has big, bold photos and additional information for each of the events, and it’s part of senior vice president Angela Ahrendts’s efforts to turn Apple retail locations into community hangouts. What do you think? Check It Out: ‘Today at Apple’ Launches with a Great Drum Beat Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay How to Remove Conexant Keylogger Found on HP Laptop Models A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too 5 Less Expensive Wireless Alternatives to AirPods Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Dear Apple: When Will Siri Be Good Enough to Protect My Family? John Martellaro | May 16, 2017 macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Andrew Orr | May 15, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $155.47 -0.23 (-0.15%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple Goes 'Beyond WWDC' with Third Party Events New Report Says iPad mini to be Discontinued Soon Apple Seeds First Developer Releases of iOS 10.3.3, watchOS 3.2.3, tvOS 10.2.2 Apple Seeds First Developer Release of macOS Sierra 10.12.6 Starting June 15, iCloud Will Require App Specific Passwords Recent Tips See All » macOS: Great Wallpaper is Hidden in Your Mac's Screensaver Collection iCloud and iWork: Using On-Demand Downloads Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too macOS: Use Spotlight to Directly Search Google with this Shortcut Recent Editorials See All » Dear Apple: When Will Siri Be Good Enough to Protect My Family? Could Alexa and Siri Prevent or Report Child Abuse? MP3 Wasn't Killed, it was Set Free A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Elon Musk Tunnel Demo Video Might Induce Nausea or Seizures 17185 Bryan Chaffin cool-stuff-found 0 1494960426 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple Goes 'Beyond WWDC' with Third Party Events New Report Says iPad mini to be Discontinued Soon Apple Seeds First Developer Releases of iOS 10.3.3, watchOS 3.2.3, tvOS 10.2.2 Tips macOS: Great Wallpaper is Hidden in Your Mac's Screensaver Collection iCloud and iWork: Using On-Demand Downloads Podcasts iPad mini on Life Support, Michael Lombardo at Apple - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-16 TMO Background Mode Interview with Astrophysicist Dr. Kelly Holley-Bockelmann View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Dear Apple: When Will Siri Be Good Enough to Protect My Family? A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Alexa, Siri, You're Not a Trusted Family Member With Mac and PC Designs Mature, Computational Power is Sexier Siri's No Amazon Alexa yet, but Give Her Time View All Editorials → Dear Apple: When Will Siri Be Good Enough to Protect My Family? John Martellaro @jmartellaro 3 minute read May 16th, 2017 6:47 PM EDT | Editorial The internet has turned into the Wild, Wild West. People are exposed to threats daily, but help is often far away in time and space. But, like the old American Wild, Wild West times and technology change. It’s high time our leading tech companies like Apple and Microsoft put artificial intelligence to work truly protecting us. That’s the noblest cause for advanced technology right now. _____________________________ The recent security threats against macOS (handbrake) and Windows XP (ransomware) reminded me of something intriguing. Namely, we spend a lot of time thinking about how artificial intelligence (AI) agents might serve us when to comes to selling us things, playing music or providing answers to information queries. However, there’s very little discussion about how AIs can defend us from the Wild, Wild Internet. Hey kids. Come play with us. The Real West There was a time in the American West, in the 1800s, when adult males carried a holstered firearm. In most situations, the gun was used for defense against wolves or bears. Or perhaps it might be needed to humanely put down a seriously injured horse. Or defend against robbers. Or worse. In more extreme cases, grown men with a talent for handguns drew on each other, often for petty reasons. Sometimes for important reasons. But, by and by, as a society we decided that local law enforcement was a better idea, and in 50 years or so it became generally unnecessary for grown men to always carry a gun. The violence had to stop. Today’s internet is like a small western town in the mid-late 1800s when drunken outlaws would ride into town, shooting up the place, and the streets were no place for children. Today, any child or adult with a computer, tablet or a smartphone is a target. Sensible frontier mothers would keep their children off the streets and away from the saloon on Saturday nights, but in 2017 we happily hand our children an iPhone and send them on their way, hoping for the best. But grown men draw on them every day. Proper Defenses Now Apple does a pretty good job of defending us, but it seems, most times, like an endless game of whack-a-mole. The average adult is too busy living, working and playing to become an internet security expert. Lapses happen. I particularly blame Microsoft for not having a Windows XP kill switch. Allowing this ancient OS to survive for the last 15 years is just not a prudent, ethical practice. I know. The principle, it can be argued, is that some people don’t like to have their hands forced. But it’s like telling a customer that their airbag is defective and could kill them. A fix is socially mandatory or people get hurt. We need a new kind of help. Siri needs to chart a new, more imaginative path. That Stupid OS There are what I call dumb defenses. Apple’s OSes have a system called XProtect, ASLR, sandboxing and other techniques. Users can also add malware protection, if they know which one to use and how to use it effectively. However, by and large, the protection systems on an Apple (or any other) computer are procedural. They work, if well used, in the simplest cases, and bring to bear no real interactive intelligence. I think it would be great if Apple used its enormous resources and talent with AI to bring a new Siri sheriff to town. Smart defenses. If an AI is going to pry into our lives and preferences, it mights as well go the whole way and start to develop a genuine, symbiotic relationship with our us and our OSes. Modern OSes have tens of millions of lines of code. Their operation is opaque to us. We tend to cross our fingers and tediously patch. If we have time. We apply only the crudest tools to protect us from daily assaults, and when infected, we need serious counsel. An AI that can really dig in, talk to us, mentor us, scan our systems, advise against phishing assaults, and guide us away from dangerous websites and actions may be the only way to escape from the Wild, Wild Internet and its endless outlaws on the streets, making life miserable for everyone. A Grand Challenge There are the grandest challenges for our species. Things like protecting this planet, the only home we have. Colonizing Mars. Curing disease. Harnessing nuclear fusion and launching an era of plentiful, cheap energy. Securing the national infrastructure. And yet. When it comes a grand challenge to block the endless exposure to daily threats from the Internet, Apple (and others) remains generally silent and settles for an endless, almost futile series of OS patches that barely hold the fort. Whack-a-mole security. Forget the Knowledge Navigator. I want an intelligent, communicative, security navigator who’s a genuine AI partner in this endless battle. It’s a grand challenge that Apple is perfectly suited for. ______________________ Gun flight at OK Corral via Shutterstock Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: AI, Apple, iOS, macOS, Microsoft You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay How to Remove Conexant Keylogger Found on HP Laptop Models A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too 5 Less Expensive Wireless Alternatives to AirPods Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Dear Apple: When Will Siri Be Good Enough to Protect My Family? John Martellaro | May 16, 2017 macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Andrew Orr | May 15, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $155.47 -0.23 (-0.15%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple Goes 'Beyond WWDC' with Third Party Events New Report Says iPad mini to be Discontinued Soon Apple Seeds First Developer Releases of iOS 10.3.3, watchOS 3.2.3, tvOS 10.2.2 Apple Seeds First Developer Release of macOS Sierra 10.12.6 Starting June 15, iCloud Will Require App Specific Passwords Recent Tips See All » macOS: Great Wallpaper is Hidden in Your Mac's Screensaver Collection iCloud and iWork: Using On-Demand Downloads Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too macOS: Use Spotlight to Directly Search Google with this Shortcut Recent Editorials See All » Dear Apple: When Will Siri Be Good Enough to Protect My Family? Could Alexa and Siri Prevent or Report Child Abuse? MP3 Wasn't Killed, it was Set Free A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Elon Musk Tunnel Demo Video Might Induce Nausea or Seizures 17181 John Martellaro columns-opinions 0 1494960476 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple to overhaul its laptop lineup: Sources reveal the firm will unveil THREE new Macbooks next month Anonymous sources revealed that Apple is working on three new laptops Will unveil the revamped MacBooks at June's Worldwide Developers  Conference MacBook Pro will get a faster Kaby Lake processor and 12in will get a faster chip And the 13in MacBook Air will be revamped with a new processor By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 18:46 EDT, 16 May 2017 | Updated: 18:50 EDT, 16 May 2017 e-mail 15 shares 5 View comments It seems Apple has a few surprises in-stored for its fans this year – from the iPhone redesign to a new Siri-enabled device and now, the tech giant could update its laptop lineup. People familiar with the matter have revealed that the firm is set to release three new laptops at its annual Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose in June. The sources told Bloomberg that Apple the MacBook Pro will get a faster Kaby Lake processor from Intel, the 12-inch MacBook with a faster Intel chip and the 13-inch MacBook Air will be revamped with a new processor. Scroll down for video  The MacBook Pro will get a faster Kaby Lake processor from Intel, the 12-inch MacBook with a faster Intel chip and the 13-inch MacBook Air will be revamped with a new processor (stock) NEW MACBOOKS?  Sources familiar with the matter told Bloomberg that Apple will unveil three new laptops at its annual  Worldwide Developers Conference set to kick off in June. It is believed that the MacBook Pro will get a faster Kaby Lake processor from Intel, the 12-inch MacBook with a faster Intel chip and the 13-inch MacBook Air will be revamped with a new processor. The move is also to retaliate against Microsoft’s latest laptop that was released this month - called Surface Laptop. Apple’s MacBooks make up about 11 percent of the firm’s $216 billion annual revenue and because these device have remained surprisingly strong in the market, it seems the firm wants to make them even more attractive. And the move is also to retaliate against Microsoft’s latest laptop that was released this month. Called the Surface Laptop, the device boasts a touch screen, 14.5 hours of battery and boots in a second of being turned on. However, an update to the MacBook Pros could give Apple the momentum it needs to surpass the competition – as it has been one of the top go-to laptops this year. The anonymous sources told Bloomberg that Apple will unveil the new models at the Worldwide Developers Conference, which starts June 5. iOS fans are said to look for the upgraded MacBook Pro with a faster Kaby Lake processor from Intel Corp. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Blast your loved ones into space for $2500: SpaceX launch to... The ultimate eye in the sky? Researchers reveal mini facial... Netflix and stalk: Samsung adds location tracking app to its... Watch the Earth 'breathe': Stunning animation shows Earth's... Share this article Share 15 shares The 12-inch is set to receive a faster Intel chip and the 13-inch MacBook Air will be revamped with a new processor. In addition to three new MacBooks, Apple is also set to release a 10.5-inch iPad Pro at the June conference, alongside a Siri-powered smart speaker that will take on Amazon's Echo.   The move is also to retaliate against Microsoft’s latest laptop that was released this month. However, an update to the MacBook Pros could give Apple the momentum it needs to surpass the competition – as it has been one of the top go-to laptops this year (stock) KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo shared the last predictions with 9to5Mac, in which he said there is more than 50 percent chance the smart speaker will be unveiled at the conference and more than 70 percent chance the new 10.5-inch iPad Pro will also make an appearance. Kuo described the iPad as 'an all-new design', as it will have the same chassis size as the 9.7-inch model, but will boast a larger screen. It is believed that the device will mirror the design of Apple's upcoming iPhone 8. And Kuo speculates that Apple will ship about six million 10.5-inch iPad Pros this year. APPLE'S SIRI-DRIVEN SMART SPEAKER Sonny Dickson, who is known for sharing inside information in the tech world, revealed that Apple is 'currently finalizing' its smart speaker that will be marketed as a 'Siri/AirPlay device'. Adding Airplay support to the device would let users push music, radio, and podcasts to the Apple hardware over Wi-Fi, which typically offers better quality than Bluetooth.  In addition to three new MacBooks, Apple is also set to release a 10.5-inch iPad Pro at the June conference, alongside a Siri-powered smart speaker that will take on Amazon's Echo  He also revealed details that it could 'carry some form of Beats technology and is expected to run on variant iOS'. Dickson also told Mashable that it would have a 'concave top' with the controls, 'Mac Pro style.' KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has also revealed that the device will have a 'touch panel', but it is not clear whether this means it will boast capacitive buttons or the design of Amazon's new Echo Show. But what has many iOS fans sitting on the edge of the seats is the possibility of a Siri Speaker. Rumors regarding the smart speaker hit the web in September 2016, when news spread that the device had left the research and development lab and was being tested as a prototype. Although this technology would put the iPhone maker in the same game as Amazon and Google, Apple envisions it a little different - it would augment its smartphones. Apple is attempting to differentiate itself from the other firms with more advanced microphone and speaker technology, two people familiar with the matter told Bloomberg in September. Sonny Dickson, a well-known tech leaker, revealed that the Cupertino company was 'currently finalizing' its smart speaker and noted that it will be marketed as a 'Siri/AirPlay device' And some of the technology in the prototype includes facial recognition sensors, another said.  The public did not hear about the device again until April when Sonny Dickson, a well-known tech leaker, revealed that the Cupertino company was 'currently finalizing' its smart speaker and noted that it will be marketed as a 'Siri/AirPlay device'. Not only did he mention that the device is near completion, but he also shared details that it could 'carry some form of Beats technology and is expected to run on variant iOS'. Dickson told Mashable that it would have a 'concave top' with the controls, 'Mac Pro style.' Sonny Dickson, who is known for sharing inside information in the tech world. It could also 'carry some form of Beats technology and is expected to run on variant iOS'. The device could also be designed with capacitive buttons or a touch screen  And earlier this month, Kuo said that the Apple will unveil the Siri speaker at WWDC. The product is believed to be aimed at bringing Appl'e AI into the home, and will have a higher price tag that the Amazon range, which begins at $49 for the Echo Dot.  Kuo has also noted that the device will have a 'touch panel', but it is not clear whether this means it will boast capacitive buttons or the design of Amazon's new Echo Show.     Read more: KGI: Apple likely to launch 10.5-inch iPad Pro and Siri Speaker at WWDC alongside new software | 9to5Mac Apple News on iPhone, iPad and Macbooks | Daily Mail Online Apple Plans Laptop Upgrades to Take on Microsoft - Bloomberg Share or comment on this article e-mail 15 shares Most watched News videos Shocking video of busy road almost set ABLAZE by lightning strike Hilarious moment Saudi man makes enormous blunder doing the dab Deer crashes into family's home and refuses to leave Tiny Pug puppy tries desperately and fails to climb stairs Artist projects protest slogans on Trump International Hotel in DC Foul-mouthed woman goes berserk inside Sprint store Female security guard viciously punched by man in Chicago First Marine Corps recruitment ad with female fighters That's fishy: Trevally attack food during feeding frenzy Gut-wrenching moment a leech is pulled from a woman's nose Passenger has pizza delivered to stalled Amtrak train Driver miraculously survives after head-on crash splits car in half That was fast! Video shows how much faster Formula One... 'Oh my God, It sucks!' Students scream in agony after... Louisiana State House passes a bill that protects... Ford will cut 20,000 jobs - 10 percent of its global... Homeless man who was cleared after stabbing to death teen... Marathon mayhem: Course error sends hundreds of runners... Heart-melting moment a mother panda cuddles and comforts... The moment a young lion pounces at a toddler visiting the... Mystery surrounds death of Minnesota boy, 14, who was... A filthy commute! DC's Union Station information screen... New satellite photos show North Korea's nuclear weapons... 'We were made for each other': Indian bride and groom... Florida's lieutenant governor catches a 15-foot-long... Father-of-three Southwestern Montana deputy is killed in... 'I am despicable': Former sheriff who stole marijuana... Former cook at caviar and champagne bar in LAX claims he... Queen of storytime! 'Lil Miss Hot Mess' drag act has kids... Russian prostitute charged with extorting $400K out of... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 5 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read UFO hunters spot a strange 'flying disc' speed past the International Space Station on a Nasa live feed Mobile phones that charge in just five minutes could go on sale NEXT YEAR Watch the Earth 'breathe': Stunning animation shows Earth's vegetation changing over the course of a year Four-story glass doors, 'breathing' walls, patented pizza boxes and a two-story yoga room covered in... Satellites spot surging glacier in the Arctic moving at 13 metres a DAY for the first time since the 1930s BlackBerry working with Aston Martin and Range Rover to develop remote scanner for cars that can tell if... Apple to overhaul its laptop lineup: Sources reveal the firm will unveil THREE new Macbooks next month Netflix and stalk: Samsung adds location tracking app to its TVs Global warming has put New Zealand's Yellow-eyed penguins on the brink of extinction The ultimate eye in the sky? Researchers reveal mini facial recognition blimp The 11 year old 'cyber ninja' who stunned experts at a security conference by hacking their phones and... Apple set to kill off the iPad Mini: Sources reveal the firm will NOT update the diminutive device First true-colour images of Saturn taken during Cassini's final orbits reveal the planet's permanent... Patents reveal Apple's plans for an edge-to-edge display and embedded Touch ID sensor for the iPhone 8 Crew on board Henry VIII's Mary Rose 'to be identified using DNA' 500 years after the warship sank MORE HEADLINES Killer whales wage war on great white sharks: Gruesome aftermath of a brutal battle between the predators Popularity of virtual reality porn rises by 250% in just one year with 500,000 X-rated videos streamed every day UFO hunters spot a strange 'flying disc' speed past the International Space Station on a Nasa live feed Four-story glass doors, 'breathing' walls, patented pizza boxes and a two-story yoga room covered in distressed stone to look like Steve Jobs’ favorite hotel: The staggering decadence of Apple's lavish $5bn Spaceship HQ First true-colour images of Saturn taken during Cassini's final orbits reveal the planet's permanent 120-mile-wide hurricane in stunning detail Patents reveal Apple's plans for an edge-to-edge display and embedded Touch ID sensor for the iPhone 8 The 11 year old 'cyber ninja' who stunned experts at a security conference by hacking their phones and showing how to 'weaponise' a smart teddy bear Space time 'fluctuates wildly' claims new theory that could shed new light on how the universe is expanding Forget fidget spinners! Mini ROLLERS are set to be the new craze to help relieve stress Apple set to kill off the iPad Mini: Sources reveal the firm will NOT update the diminutive device Human sacrifices were buried ALIVE in South Korea 1,400 years ago to bring luck to structures built on their remains Apple to overhaul its laptop lineup: Sources reveal the firm will unveil THREE new Macbooks next month Look familiar? Mark Zuckerberg shows off Instagram's Snapchat-style face filters (and immediately gets called a nerd on his own site) It keeps getting hotter! Last month was the world's second warmest April EVER recorded, NASA reveals Satellites spot surging glacier in the Arctic moving at 13 metres a DAY for the first time since the 1930s MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Incredible shrinking man: Brad Pitt looks thinner than ever in oversized suit as he poses next to Netflix exec at War Machine premiere in NYC 'We were all Edward Norton the whole time': Brad Pitt and Stephen Colbert contemplate existential conundrums on the Late Show Some big questions Thrones fit for (the sister of) a Queen! If you thought bride-to-be Pippa's $130,000 glass marquee was over the top, wait until you see the luxury PORTALOOS at her $425,000 wedding Having a spliff-ing time! Khloe Kardashian 'WAS holding marijuana joint on Costa Rica episode of KUWTK' She is a supposed non-smoker  Japanese princess 'gives up her royal status to marry a 'beach tourism' worker': Emperor's granddaughter will lose her position 'No pool, no problem': Former beauty queen Katherine Webb shows off toned abs in navy bikini while bonding with 11-month-old son Tripp She's a former Miss Alabama  Royals turn out for Queen Elizabeth garden party - as Kate reveals she is 'slightly nervous' about how George and Charlotte will behave at her sister's wedding  She certainly has a type! Taylor Swift is 'secretly dating' unknown British actor Joe Alwyn... just months after split from Tom Hiddleston Meet Taylor Swift's new beau Joe Alwyn: The London-born rising star who has won over big-name directors with his 'disarming humility'... and still lives at home with his parents Amy Schumer and Ben Hanisch split after a year and a half of dating but will 'remain friends' The comedienne and furniture-maker have called time on their relationship  Miley Cyrus shows off toned tummy in black crop top and tight jeans while promoting her new album...after revealing Katy Perry is her oldest friend Kim Kardashian's personal assistant says Kris Jenner 'can get on the phone and change the world' as she dishes about what it's like working for reality clan Singer Mary Lambert reveals she was molested by her father as a child and gang-raped as a teen Revealed personal details about her childhood traumas Rob Gronkowski rekindles romance with Patriots cheerleader as pair head to a wedding where NFL star strips to the waist to celebrate his 28th birthday Not birthday present! Megan Fox is pretty in purple as she celebrates turning 31 with girlfriend... as Brian Austin Green runs errands in LA 'I'm happy when things are simple': Anne Hathaway reveals she is more 'satisfied' with life since welcoming son Jonathan She's loving motherhood 'This is the result of two babies and no strenuous exercise': Vegan blogger posts enviable bikini snap to show what a diet of 'abundant plant foods' can do for your body Always chic! Cindy Crawford hits fashion high note in sophisticated figure-hugging black dress at LA bash She is 51 Fergie is reunited with the American former lover she once spied on through a restaurant window after he married another woman and broke her heart 'I just like this better': Gwyneth Paltrow explains why she put acting career on hold to dedicate time to her lifestyle empire Goop She hosted a seminar Bumping along! Pregnant Whitney Port shows off her growing baby belly as she runs errands in LA...and complains about her swollen feet Robin Thicke vs. stepmom: Alan Thicke's sons go to war with late actor's wife as they claim she's threatening them with bad press to get more of his estate 'Sex addict' Scott Disick, 33, takes Bella Thorne, 19, to dinner then whisks her off to two hot spots... as Kourtney Kardashian gets closer to a model Love runs out! Team Gwen crashes out of The Voice finale as Jesse Larson's dramatic instant save keeps Team Adam's hopes alive Feeling chilly? Goldie Hawn has a pal help her bundle up in a bright pink hoodie... after Snatched scores a $17.5million opening weekend White hot! Shanina Shaik flaunts taut torso in flirty two-piece at friend's bridal shower She was at the event in West Hollywood on Tuesday Mark Ronson and wife Josephine de La Baume 'divorce after five and a half years together... citing irreconcilable differences as reason for their split' Need a training day? Denzel Washington is unrecognizable in what appears to be a fat suit on set of new movie The 62-year-old was in Santa Monica, California Hailee Steinfeld flashes flesh in semi-sheer cutout dress at Billboard's Women in Music event She was the epitome of sophistication  Pretty in pink! Kourtney Kardashian wears casual hoodie with sky high heels as she takes son Mason out in Beverly Hills She's a mom-of-three Star in stripes! Christina Milian cuts a stylish figure emerging from Nicole Williams' bridal shower Leaving Hyde Sunset Kitchen + Cocktails in West Hollywood  Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves arrives for consultation at Harley Street... after being refused risky operation to alter his eye color in India 'J-Lo would marry A-Rod if he asked': Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez are 'already talking marriage' after two months of dating 'Very serious' Peace and love! Jennifer Lopez rocks Good Vibes sweatshirt and ripped jeans during outing in New York The pop star, 47, stepped out solo In her party dress! Mandy Moore sports flirty animal print skirt and chic black blouse at star-studded bash The 33-year-old This Is Us star Shady lady! Halle Berry rocks a fedora and sunglasses as she heads to lunch with a mystery man in LA The 50-year-old tried to go low-key  Is she finally dating? Caitlyn Jenner heads out for coffee in Malibu with mystery blonde She looked like she was enjoying some company on Tuesday   Playmate who body-shamed a 70-year-old woman on Snapchat tells Twitter followers to be 'positive' or she will block them as her trial date is set for violating privacy laws Roseanne Barr reunites with TV husband John Goodman as reboot of classic show is announced Roseanne celebrated its revival in style Do you have a permit? Kanye West resurfaces in Malibu and parks in handicap spot... after spending weeks in Wyoming mountains At Nobu in Malibu Bachelor star Chris Soules avoids public court appearance AGAIN with a written not guilty plea for fatal crash which killed his neighbor In Aurora, Iowa 'A normal American dad': Michael Jackson plays father figure in new trailer for Searching For Neverland He was music royalty - but he didn't want to be Age-defying Pamela Anderson, 49, goes braless as she teases abs and famous cleavage in chic separates at Global Gift Gala in Paris Killer curves! Model Jessica Gomes shows off her enviable physique and EXTREME cleavage during swimwear photoshoot in Sydney A recipe for love! Anthony Bourdain, 60, flaunts his romance with Italian star Asia Argento, 41, as he posts snap of them cuddling on grassy knoll Belle of the ball! Lea Michele is a showstopper in gleaming strapless dress at ABC Upfronts in New York A cleavage-baring dress  Bethenny Frankel called the Real Housewives of Atlanta reunion 'disgusting' and 'gross' Not a fan of the Bible-quoting attorney Phaedra Parks 'Was there a kiss?' Andy Cohen helps single contestants find their match in new trailer for upcoming dating show reboot Love Connection Looking for love 'I ate and drank to cope with being single': Aspiring bodybuilder who has never had a girlfriend undergoes $7,000 tummy tuck to boost his confidence after losing weight Gigi Hadid's stalker grins in court two years after his repeated attempts to break into supermodel's NYC pad forced her to sell the $2.5M property 'Don't believe everything you read': Mayim Bialik dismisses rumor Big Bang Theory costars took '$100k an episode paycuts' for her and Melissa Rauch Amicable exes! Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana sent singer 100 flowers for her 51st birthday They have a child together Casual cool! Margot Robbie gives a peek at her toned tum in white crop top and patchwork denim as she hits market in Hawaii Celebration hasn't stopped Jessica Simpson's father Joe is 'free of prostate cancer' six months after diagnosis was confirmed He begun radiation treatment in February Biker chic! E! host Ksenija Lukich flashes legs in monochrome showstopper at Australian Fashion Week event A leggy display Pretty in peach! Demi Lovato hits the runway in trenchcoat with matching silk midi skirt at LAX She was dressed to impress  Kerry Washington sizzles in bold red and hot pink mini dress...as it's revealed why Shonda Rhimes decided it was time to end Scandal 'These are actually Cheryl's trousers!': Liam Payne confesses the $1,900 designer gear he is wearing belong to his 'fashionista' girlfriend They've just had a baby Oops they did it again! Britney Spears' sons terrorize singer with another on-camera prank  Jayden, 10 and Sean, 11, scared mom in kitchen Making the cut! Vanessa Hudgens shows off tum in striped crop top while leaving hair salon after chopping her dark locks She donned shades His clothes are too big now! Newly slender Brad Pitt swims in his Benjamin Button grandpa gear as he hits The Late Show Looking trim Lucky girl! Gina Rodriguez is gorgeous in green as she arrives for talk show appearance... before cuddling up to fellow guest Brad Pitt In NYC Deadliest Catch star skips court to go on the run a month after being arrested in a 'stolen car with Xanax and crystal meth' Was due in court Friday Heating things up! Hollywood heartthrob Zac Efron arrives in Sydney with co-star Alexandra Daddario ahead of Baywatch film premiere Salma Hayek shows off quirky style in structured leather jacket and green plaid skirt as she arrives at P. Diddy film screening in London Their hips don't lie! Shakira and Becky G flash the flesh at Univision's 2017 Upfront in NYC Some very sexy outfits on show She's got a lot to smile about! Reese Witherspoon looks summer ready in jeans and a floral top from her clothing line Draper James Pippa is set to wear her hair up for the big day - with the help of Kate's personal hairdresser  The Duchess of Cambridge's stylist, Amanda Cook Tucker Eva Longoria oozes golden glamor in dazzling flapper-style frock as she leads superstar red carpet arrivals at her Parisian Global Gift Gala Explained: How NFL star Antonio Cromartie is having ANOTHER baby despite getting a vasectomy - making him a father of 13 He's had the snip Beauty in blue! Youthful Naomi Watts, 48, shows off her slender figure in silk dress as she heads to New York gala Posing up on the red carpet Dancing With The Stars pro Anna Trebunskaya, 36, reveals she is expecting a baby boy with boyfriend Nevin Millan Happy news for couple Supermodel Winnie Harlow oozes elegance in silk robe layered over a tiny bralet for P Diddy film screening She looked effortlessly elegant  Roseanne reboot featuring Barr, John Goodman and Sara Gilbert officially greenlit for eight episodes at ABC The hit TV series was on air from 1988 until 1997 Miss USA Pageant flops with viewers for a second year under Fox's management after NBC ditched broadcast rights in 2015 when it was run by Trump Cold-shoulder chic! Jenna Dewan dazzles in cut-out top and midi skirt for New York outing The actress is currently doing promotional rounds Katy Perry CONFIRMS she will become a judge on American Idol reboot adding she's 'honored' to be a part of the iconic show It's official! EXCLUSIVE: Blame it on Michelle Pfeiffer! It wasn't Sarah Jessica Parker or Kim Cattrall who put kibosh on Sex and the City 3 - it was the elusive Pfeiffer Rita Ora commands attention in striking black evening dress ahead of ABC presentation... as she is unveiled as host of new talent show Boy Band Michael Moore is making an 'explosive' new Trump documentary titled Fahrenheit 11/9 in his first partnership with Harvey Weinstein since 2004 What a difference a wig makes! Penelope Cruz gets into character as Donatella Versace with help of long hairpiece on American Crime Story set Recovered from the weekend? Anna Friel, 40, looks spring-chic in flowing floral dress... after getting close with Stranger Things star Charlie Heaton, 23, at the TV BAFTAs   Beauty trends gone viral! This week, POM POMS are replacing eyeshadow, confetti hair is bringing the party to the salon, and contouring gets colorful So much for basic black and white! Ariel Winter steps out in a tight structured bodice as she heads to a daytime meeting Dresses to get noticed Series creator Shonda Rhimes confirms Scandal will end after seven seasons but promises they will 'leave nothing on the table' The ABC drama 'You have a distorted view of yourself': Lily Collins explains how her role as an anorexia sufferer enabled her to see how she looked to others after struggling with the disorder 'Her birth was a breeze!' Bristol Palin posts photos of her baby girl Atlee Bay while sharing details about family life - including surprise move to Texas Ricky Martin takes a break from American Crime Story set as he shows off banging body in tiny swim shorts The 45-year-old actor relaxed in South Beach  Here comes the bridesmaid! As Margot Robbie takes on Maid of Honor duties, FEMAIL rounds up 20 stylish and affordable bridal party dresses for every type of wedding 'Everybody knows you make the best actors': Jeff Goldblum praises stars Down Under as actor says Australia produces the greatest talent Olympic gymnast Simone Biles puts her sassy 'Smiling doesn't win gold medals' retort from Dancing With The Stars on a tank top - but still gets voted off  show Uncle Gary is ready for the wedding of the year: Black sheep who was caught boasting about drugs poses in a picture of his smart new suit online ahead of Pippa's wedding Regrets! Kim Kardashian swears off pizza and ice cream after epic chow down with Jonathan Cheban in NYC as she's back to working out in LA Only the best! Kylie Jenner, 19, rents stunning clifftop mansion in Beverly Hills for $125k a month Splurging big on palatial pad with five bedrooms 'South Africa is incredible!' VIP Justin Bieber SKIPS line at Table Mountain's Cableway in Cape Town Took advantage of fame and hopped barrier Feisty Emma Stone serves up plenty of feminist spirit as tennis hero Billie Jean King in new trailer for Battle Of The Sexes with Steve Carell Bye bye bling: The Bachelor's Lauren Bushnell 'will need to RETURN her 95k engagement ring to ABC' following split from Ben Higgins Bill Cosby says he will NOT testify at his sexual assault trial next month, saying he's worried he might mess up his own defense while being questioned PICTURED: Stranger Things star Charlie Heaton, 23, gets cozy with actress Anna Friel, 40, at TV awards in London Set tongues wagging Playboy model Dani Mathers' last-minute attempt to avoid trial for flouting privacy laws by body shaming a naked 70-year-old woman in an LA gym is denied  Leisurely Lara! Bingle cuts a casual figure and dotes on precious six-month-old son Racer as she dines at the luxurious Hotel du Cap-Eden Roc Sam Worthington's wife 'The men were getting paid more': Kirsten Dunst reflects on Spider-Man salary and reveals was asked to lose weight for her latest movie role The jury's out! Jessica Chastain complements her trademark flame-red tresses with chic crimson gown as she joins fellow Cannes judges for lunch  'Bad human kill apes': Gun-toting Woody Harrelson attacks apes as epic violence erupts in War For The Planet Of The Apes final trailer All hell breaks loose  'She's just as bad as he is': Courtney Love gets murdered by her sons in first Menendez: Blood Brothers trailer Teaser revealed moment Kitty was fatally shot  That's not A$AP! Kendall Jenner leaves cozy Italian restaurant with mystery man after partying with rapper Rocky at West Hollywood club The Bachelor announces a spinoff where singles compete for love in the SNOW... while Dancing With The Stars will have a junior edition He's not called Harry STYLES for nothing! FEMAIIL breaks down summer fashion trends and tricks inspired by the solo-going One Direction star She sure looks happy to be with the guy! Drew Barrymore beams in NYC with ex-husband Will Kopelman... after honoring him on Mother's Day And so it begins! Emily Ratajkowski flashes her abs in tiny black crop top as she leads the A-list arrivals in Nice ahead of the 70th Cannes Film Festival 'I've actually kissed many of these people!' Katy Perry reveals who she would rather in a Hollywood matchmaker game on Ellen Her big confession   Naomi Campbell looks chic in semi-sheer lace top and black trouser suit as she supports friend P. Diddy at star-studded London screening of his documentary film Elle Fanning dazzles in sparkly statement shades as she goes makeup-free for her arrival in Nice ahead of the Cannes Film Festival Confident in own style  Workout hard with a vengeance! Scout Willis is trim toned and terrific as she heads to a pilates class in West Hollywood with a stomach-flaunting look  'I need to study': Australian actress Jessica McNamee is trading up Hollywood for university as she returns home as a student The Vow actress 'We love you!': Teresa Giudice offers a prayer for RHONJ co-star Dina Manzo after she's beaten and bound during home invasion robbery Terrifying incident for star Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves shares a kiss with female companion during night out... after doctor rejects his bid to alter eye color in India Her royal shyness! Crown Princess Mary of Denmark reduces a nervous toddler to tears as she attends the opening of a food center in Aarhus 'Enjoy the book, you're the one writing it': Jon Bon Jovi surprises New Jersey college graduates with live performance at their commencement  Plagiarizing Elle Woods? Trump's commencement address casts striking similarities to Reese Witherspoon's Legally Blonde character Don't stop 'til you get enough (coffee): Paris Jackson cuts a casual figure with a friend in LA after stunning on Teen Vogue cover Michael's girl in demand She wears heels everywhere! Hilaria Baldwin poses on a slide with four-inch pumps as she pays visit to NYC park with husband Alec and their three kids Something to tell us? Liam Payne calls Cheryl his WIFE during radio interview... as he speaks about dealing with 'diaper duty' following birth of baby son Bear Aaron Hernandez's fiancée denies he's gay, says his 'prison lover' lied about suicide note and explains why she thinks his last letter to daughter may be forged Is THIS Pippa Middleton's wedding dress? Women arrive at bride-to-be's home carrying white garment bags - and Kate's hairstylist is there too 'She's the ultimate pop star': Miley Cyrus gushes about little sister Noah as she cuts stylish figure in midi dress and fedora Flashed flesh in sexy top Poppy Delevingne sports a trendy varsity jacket as she and husband James Cook celebrate their wedding anniversary at P. Diddy film screening 'Chugging bubbles on a private jet!': The Detour's Natalie Zea kicks up a leg as she sips champagne while heading to New York City for TBS event Taking a break from mom duties! Irina Shayk pats her stomach two months after welcoming baby with Bradley Cooper as she's seen solo in NYC 'Don't give up. Don't quit. Persist!' Chelsea Clinton echoes mom Hillary's words as she encourages young women to play SPORTS and have active lifestyle Lorde dons Dior and Daisy Dukes in ELLE... and reveals pals in her native New Zealand call her a 'weird old dowager with a nice house' Keeping it humble  Curvy Amber Rose causes a commotion in a LBD in Miami... but then opts for a relaxed look to jet back to LA Model's mood reflected by hoodie message 'Your passing has left me destroyed forever, but I know you are at peace': Rosario Dawson 'finds her 26-year-old cousin dead in her Los Angeles home' Jimmy Kimmel will return as host of 90th Academy Awards for second consecutive year... as comedian is lauded as 'one of finest hosts in Oscar history' Riverdale's Lili Reinhart claps back at critics for villainizing her after she tweeted about how the show 'saved' her during her depression Tyga's former fling Demi Rose flaunts her ample cleavage in an array of raunchy skin-flashing snaps Model sizzled as she posed topless  'They need to do a whole reboot!' Paula Abdul rules out returning to American Idol The 54-year-old said while she was 'excited' to see the new version  Ivanka Trump barely cracks a smile as she steps out in floral frock amid controversy surrounding her dad sharing intelligence with Russia  Cigs And The City: Bella Hadid smokes cigarettes as she flashes a rare smile while dining at Eden Roc in France Attending Cannes  'It was beautiful': Newly engaged Emily VanCamp reveals fiance Josh Bowman proposed to her in the forest during a hike Actress opened up 'You've got to earn this': Michael Phelps is put through his paces by Dwayne Johnson as he tries out for job as Baywatch lifeguard in funny promo Melania Trump reveals that son Barron, 11, will attend $38,000 private school in Maryland as she praises its 'diverse community' and 'academic excellence' On his best behavior! Queen Mathilde gives son Prince Emmanuel a stern look as he accompanies her to a cello competition in Belgium 'I'm in shock': Simone Biles earns two sets of perfect scores but still gets eliminated during semi-finals of DWTS Judges Len and Carrie were stunned by result Tiffany Trump cheers on boyfriend Ross Mechanic as he graduates from University of Pennsylvania She graduated last year 'I was born with a platform, and I didn't want to waste it': Paris Jackson reveals why she's building a career in the public eye On cover of Teen Vogue  Having her for dinner! Yolanda Hadid's ex David Foster, 67, seen 'grabbing and kissing' Katharine McPhee, 33, while eating out at  restaurant in Malibu Hayden Panettiere's childhood home in Upstate New York goes on the market for $1.75M after parents' bitter divorce battle finally comes to an end 'Fashion should never make you feel bad!': Reese Witherspoon says 'rude, snotty' salespeople alienate shoppers... but her stores are 'fun' Brooklyn Beckham displays his typically grungy style in a beanie and gold chain as he larks around with crew members outside a photo shoot in London Jet setter! Eva Longoria dresses down for her flight to Paris to host Global Gift Gala First anniversary with third husband José Bastón this Sunday Jude Law's limited series The Young Pope gets spinoff as HBO greenlights The New Pope The show will be set in the modern Vatican USA women's soccer  legend Abby Wambach marries Christian mommy blogger....nine months after getting divorced from her husband Miss USA says she is 'PRIVILEGED' to have healthcare but it should be a right as she backtracks after firestorm over her pageant comments From chilling on the lawn with Jackie to having lessons on public speaking: Private photos show a 29-year-old John F Kennedy's first foray into politics Ferry dramatic! Tom Cruise takes to the River Seine to shoot stunt sequence as he continues Mission Impossible 6 filming in Paris Who needs Orlando Bloom when you have Paris? Katy Perry parties at Ms Hilton's mansion with Bella Thorne, Sofia Richie and Iggy Azalea She Cannes do no wrong! Bella Hadid dazzles in a silver jacket and chic patchwork jeans as she makes a stylish arrival at Film Festival in France  'I can't depend on Hollywood for jobs': Kim Cattrall, 60, hits out at ageism in film industry as she laments being cast as a 'grotesque, older woman' Saving the glamour for Cannes! Makeup-free Marion Cotillard does low-key chic in plaid shirt dress as she touches down in Nice for film festival Sir Richard Attenborough's Scottish vacation home where he entertained Hollywood stars is back on market for less than $800,000 after it failed to sell Miss Universe model Laura Dundovic reveals the secret to her washboard abs is lifting weights as she opens up about getting into the 'best shape of her life' Hear her Roar! Katy Perry showcases her vocal abilities as she's spotted by a fan filming Carpool Karaoke alongside James Corden Slimmed down Blac Chyna flaunts her tiny waist and bodacious derriere in tiny pink skirt and matching cropped bomber for night out On her finest form  Ravishing redheads Jessica Chastain, Julianne Moore and Susan Sarandon flaunt their style as they jet into Nice for Cannes Film Festival From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Intruder is arrested by Secret Service trying to jump White House fence 51 comments 1 video Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 9 Things to Do Before Installing iOS 10.3.3 Beta Adam Mills05/16/2017 You shouldn’t install Apple’s iOS 10.3.3 beta until you’ve prepared. Apple’s confirmed a new iOS 10.3.3 update and put it into its beta program for developers. We expect it to release it into the public Beta Software Program in the near future. While most of you will want to wait for the official version of iOS 10.3.3 to roll out, some of you might want to give the iOS 10.3.3 update a try right now. The iOS 10.3.3 beta is available for devices capable of running iOS 10. The list includes the iPhone 7, iPhone 6, iPhone 5, and many others. The iOS 10.3.3 update appears to be a small maintenance upgrade but you shouldn’t take the beta lightly. If you decide to give the iOS 10.3.3 beta a try before the official release, you need to be careful. Early software is extremely unpredictable and it can (and probably will) cause problems on your device. This is why you’ll want to prepare yourself, and your device, before you update. Our iOS 10.3.3 beta installation guide outlines some of the things we think you should do before you install the iOS 10.3.3 beta on your iPhone or iPad. This guide is aimed at new iOS beta users but some of these tips might come in handy for veteran beta users as well. Read Apple's Beta Rules & Conditions   1 / 9 If you decide you want to download the iOS 10.3.3 beta onto your device, you'll want to first go over the rules and regulations for Apple's iOS beta software process. Getting the iOS 10.3.3 beta on board your iPhone or iPad is actually very easy but there are some guidelines that you'll need to follow once you commit to doing so.  If you're thinking about downloading and installing the paid iOS 10.3.3 developer beta you'll want to take a look at Apple's beta website for developers.  If you want to download the iOS 10.3.3 beta when it arrives, you'll need to join the Beta Software Program. Like the developer beta, Apple's Beta Software Program has some rules that you'll want to follow.  Before you download and install iOS 10.3.3 beta, read Apple's FAQ on the Beta Software Program because it will answer many of your burning questions and help you understand some of the important do's and don'ts.    1 / 9 12 Responses 08/04/2016 Chris Reply You should note that doing a backup through the cloud will not be of any use. If you encounter some major hiccups and/or can’t use iOS 10, you will need to roll back your operating system to the latest public iOS from Apple (iOS 9.3.4). You CANNOT role back from iOS 10 to iOS 9 using your backups stored in the cloud. You need to make an “archived backup” before proceeding to upgrade to the iOS 10 Beta. This is really easy and I will name the steps here: How to make an Archived Backup on iTunes: 1. Connect your phone to whichever computer is running your iTunes. 2. Under “Backups” choose “This Computer” 3. Underneath that, click “Encrypted” (Note: this is essential if you want to save all your passwords, HomeKit and Health info. Not selecting this will wipe all of this data) 4. Click “Backup Now” and wait for it to finish 5. Once finished, click on iTunes menu and then “Preferences” 6. Go to the “Devices” tab and highlight the backup you just completed 7. Right click that backup and choose “Archive” and you are all done! Note: To know whether you have successfully archived a backup, it will have the date and time next to it of when this archive took place. And remember, you cannot simply archive a backup through an “iCloud Backup.” Hopefully not, but if for some reason you need to restore to previous version, simply google how to downgrade and restore iOS on whichever device you are using. You will have to do this is “recovery” mode and is fairly simple if you follow those instructions correctly. Hope this helps! :) 08/10/2016 Aditya Reply My iphone is in warranty if i will download beta software and updated in ios 10 warranty is left or there is issue in warranty 08/26/2016 Yusva Reply Your warranty will not be void! it says it on the website of http://www.apple.com 08/14/2016 Von Don Reply “Early software is extremely unpredictable and it can (and probably will) cause problems on your device.” I’ve already transfer my photos, podcast, music, video to my PC in case I lost them when updating with WinX MediaTrans (https://www.winxdvd.com/mediatrans/). Thank you, Adam, very useful. But I need to know what other problems it is likely to cause on my iPhone… 08/15/2016 Chris Reply I have had iOS 10 Beta for two weeks and it is VERY stable. I’m actually really impressed by how stable and compatible with my apps it’s being. ADITYA: Downloading any Apple beta software from Apple does NOT void your warranty. It says it right on their website. 09/01/2016 baljeet Reply Wow! I simply want to give a huge thumbs up for the good data you may have right here on this post. 09/07/2016 gabriel Reply Will downloading the beta allow to upgrade when the actual update comes out? or will I have to restore my device 09/07/2016 Chris Reply Why would you need to download what you already have? When IOS 10 comes out for everyone you will not even notice. You will already have iOS 10 and won’t have to do anything. 10/13/2016 Tom Reply Most worthless post from the most worthless website on the entire internet. This entire site is one giant native ad. 10/13/2016 Chris Reply Haha so true, yet we find ourselves here for some reason? I think my first comment above (Chris) has more useful information than this entire “article.” 04/01/2017 Aria Reply What a shit article 04/03/2017 Jarod Weaver Reply Does anyone have iOS 10.3.2 Beta 2 on their device? It won’t show up on my iPhone 6s Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search MacBook refresh tipped for WWDC may include new 12″, Air, and Pro models Brittany A. Roston - May 16, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Apple will be introducing a refreshed lineup of MacBook laptops at the its developers conference this summer, according to sources, doing so in a bid to stave off competition from Microsoft. The sources go on to claim that Apple will launch a trio of new laptops, one of which will be a new 12-inch model and another that will be a faster MacBook Pro. The sources also suggest we may see a refreshed 13-inch MacBook Air model in light of its continuing favor among consumers. New MacBook vs MacBook Air: Battle of the ultraportables The information comes from The Wall Street Journal, which reports that it got word from sources with knowledge of the matter. Despite its growing age, the 13-inch MacBook Air remains a favorite among consumers — the ones interested in Apple products, that is — and so Apple is said to be considering an updated model with a new processor to keep the interest alive. We’ll also likely be seeing a new version of the relatively young 12-inch MacBook. Joining both of these, say the sources, will be a refreshed MacBook Pro that would stay mostly the same, but have updated ‘internal architecture.’ Bloomberg claims that Apple has been working on its own chip for a yet-unannounced MacBook Pro model that will manage the model’s low-power mode. Surface Laptop: The 5 things you really need to know The refreshed lineup, assuming it happens, would come shortly after Microsoft’s debut of its first proper laptop, the Surface Laptop. The company positions this a high-end laptop, one that features a soft material on the inside called Alcantara that some critics are unhappy about, as well as a sleek outer design, touchscreen display, and more. In addition to the rumored MacBook refresh, Apple is expected to unveil the latest iteration of macOS this June. SOURCE: Bloomberg Story Timeline The Surface Laptop is a laser-focused attack on Apple's MacBook PowerUp is a charging and sync hub for MacBooks and more MacBook Pro gets its ports back (VIA Satechi) Tags AppleLaptoplaptopsmacbookrumor Must Read Bits & Bytes Go-tcha Review for Pokemon GO [Auto Update Auto-Catch Time!] After 20 years, HTC reveals how the sausage is made HTC U11 hands-on: The Android flagship you want to squeeze Volvo is using Android for its new infotainment system [UPDATE: Audi too!] 2017 Chevrolet Colorado ZR2 First Drive: Right-size off-roader offers high-tech romp Latest Headlines It’s the Moto E4’s turn to be leaked May 17, 2017 5 million Galaxy S8 units sold in less than a month May 16, 2017 Google could unveil standalone VR headset at I/O 2017 May 16, 2017 LG Watch Sport for Verizon has been cancelled, buyers get credit May 16, 2017 Bragi Dash Pro tailored by Starkey is a custom-made ear computer May 16, 2017 Latest Reviews Go-tcha Review for Pokemon GO [Auto Update Auto-Catch Time!] May 16, 2017 Elgato Stream Deck Review: Too useful just for Twitch streamers May 15, 2017 Lenovo Yoga 720 Review — a slim, premium laptop with Thunderbolt May 10, 2017 Hulu Live TV Review: The promise of good things to come May 7, 2017 Mario Kart 8 Deluxe review: The return of the king May 5, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Palo Alto school board to hire firm to investigate handling of SF supervisors move forward density bonus affordable housing plan Trump allegedly asked Comey to shut down Flynn investigation White House insists Trump’s disclosures ‘wholly News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Shariah court in Indonesia sentences gay couple to caning DNA tests on bone ID teacher who died in 2014 ferry sinking Greece general strike to disrupt services across country Dubai firm dreams of harvesting icebergs for water Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Andrew Triggs solid again in six innings vs. Seattle Matt Joyce, Mark Canha homers in 9th help A’s win despite ugly Warriors take Game 2 against Spurs in a laugher Ty Blach, Brandon Belt, Christian Arroyo help Giants beat Dodgers Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF San Francisco could ban sidewalk delivery robots Fidget spinner is hit toy that spun out of nowhere Workers at care facilities not paid minimum wage or OT, report UploadVR sued by ex-worker for sexual harassment, discrimination A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do Rap legend Too $hort performs hometown show in Oakland The latest from Dear Abby Hozier headlines SF benefit concert with acoustic set For 20th anniversary, KML goes back to its roots Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer Motze to close, become Duna Outside Lands 2017 food and drink lineup announced Reem's bakery opens in Oakland's Fruitvale neighborhood China Live brings a modern sensibility to Chinatown Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Cannabis The age you hit your peak for sex, brain power, creativity, more Free stuff you'd only find on Bay Area Craigslist NorCal couple weds on Mount Everest and the photos are Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Five ways to enjoy Filoli Westin Nanea Ocean Villas offer memories of Hawaii’s royal past New and renovated SF hotels ready for summer season Hangzhou: Dynamic city steeped in ancient mystique Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Wine Country oasis ripe for the picking Tech mogul’s over-the-top $8.95-million Silicon Valley ‘Storybook’ four-bedroom Tudor in historic Hot Property: Custom-built Glen Park home features amazing views Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Subaru makes an even sleeker Outback Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Battling depression during your job search Busting through job search fears Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Apple-plans-laptop-upgrades-11151086.php Apple plans laptop upgrades By Mark Gurman and Alex Webb Updated 4:55 pm, Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Apple plans to announce an update to its laptop lineup at an annual conference for app developers in early June, a move that could help offset new competition from Microsoft as well as declining iPad sales. Apple is planning three new laptops, according to people familiar with the matter. The MacBook Pro will get a faster Kaby Lake processor from Intel, said the people, who requested anonymity to discuss internal planning. Apple is also working on a new version of the 12-inch MacBook with a faster Intel chip. The company is reportedly also considered updating the aging 13-inch MacBook Air with a new processor as sales of the laptop, Apple’s cheapest, remain surprisingly strong. Apple and Intel declined to comment. Latest business videos The Mac lineup generates just 11 percent of the Cupertino company’s $216 billion in annual sales, with the iPhone accounting for almost two-thirds of the total. But Macs are key to retaining the business of loyalists and the creative industries — the cornerstone of Apple’s resurgence at the turn of the millennium under Steve Jobs. The move comes after Microsoft has released its Surface Laptop, which boots up in seconds, has a touch-screen and runs on a more stable version of Windows. Microsoft’s first real laptop is widely considered a viable rival to the MacBook Air. But Apple’s updates could undercut that competition and continue the Mac’s recent momentum. In the second quarter, the company sold 4.2 million desktops and laptops and generated 14 percent more revenue on Macs than in the same quarter a year earlier. The updated MacBook Pro would look much the same as the latest model and mostly differ in internal architecture, one of the people said. It’s not known whether Apple’s new in-house chip, which manages the computer’s low-power mode, will be ready for this generation. The planned upgrades are not a major step forward, but they will demonstrate the company’s dedication to a product that has drawn recent criticism. It has been almost seven years since Apple last redesigned the MacBook Air. The most recent MacBook Pro, released more than 500 days after its predecessor, added a Touch Bar keyboard strip for quick access to app functions, a larger track pad and a fingerprint log-in sensor. Apple last updated the 12-inch MacBook in the spring of 2016 with a rose gold color option, and the MacBook Air has not received a speed boost since 2015. Apple hasn’t announced upgraded hardware at its June developers conference since 2013, when it released the Mac Pro desktop model and updated the MacBook Air. This year, it is expected to also announce a new version of MacOS. Apple typically releases the Mac software upgrades in the fall. Mark Gurman and Alex Webb are Bloomberg writers. Email: mgurman1@bloomberg.net, awebb25@bloomberg.net Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. WARRIORS VS. SPURS -- GAME 2 Warriors take Game 2 against Spurs in a laugher Warriors’ McCaw does best Iguodala imitation in Game 2 win Warriors’ Zaza Pachula to have MRI on heel Wednesday Warriors coach dodges police en route to Game 2 Pachulia receives threats, shuts down Instagram comments Being Warriors fans suits couple nicely LATEST NEWS Blach, Belt, Arroyo help Giants beat Dodgers ... again Creator of famous Orange Sunshine LSD dies Thailand seeks to block Facebook images of its king in crop top Man slain on Treasure Island was SF State student Magnitude 4.0 quake strikes near Isla Vista Yale dean apologizes for insulting Yelp reviews AP test retake ordered after blunder at Kentfield school Apple invented special container for pizza at its campus Comey memo says Trump asked him to end Flynn investigation Trump's legislative agenda slows to crawl in Congress Officials: Israel was source of classified info Trump gave Russia Analysis: Impeachment less likely than Dems suggest In-N-Out loses title as America's favorite burger chain Burger King's most bizarre item 'back by popular demand' The age you hit your peak for sex, brain power, and more Woman unwittingly wears engagement ring for over a year SF is 1st city with a park 10-minute walk from every home Scarce land in SF forces city to seek creative housing solutions TODAY'S TOP PICKS Grocery store beats Trader Joe's as America's favorite Playboy Playmate in body-shaming case lashes out Silicon Valley startup accused of having office sex bed Most Popular 1 New dinosaur fossil so well-preserved it looks like a statue 2 In-N-Out just lost its title as America's favorite burger chain 3 Warriors coach dodges police en route to Game 2 4 A Silicon Valley startup is under scrutiny after a former... 5 Warriors take Game 2 against Spurs in a laugher 6 Man slain on Treasure Island was SF State student 7 Playboy Playmate Dani Mathers Speaks Out After Legal Setback... 8 Comey memo says Trump asked him to end Flynn investigation 9 Dodger fans’ bid to troll Giants with banner backfires 10 Warriors' Kevin Durant to debut new courts in Oakland View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 17, 2:46 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple Will Introduce New MacBook Lineup At WWDC, Could Debut Revamped MacBook Air By Denisse Moreno On 05/16/17 AT 6:56 PM Close Apple plans to announce its new laptop lineup at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) next month, sources familiar with the matter told Bloomberg. Apple reportedly will announce its latest MacBook and MacBook Pro, and is also considering updating the MacBook Air, which hasn’t been upgraded in years. Read: MacBook Pro Touch Bar Problems: Apple Users Complain Of 'Popping' Sound Coming From Laptop The MacBook Pro reportedly will come with a faster Kaby Lake processor from Intel. Apple is also working on a new 12-inch MacBook with a faster Intel chip, the report said.  As for the MacBook Air, the company will update the 13-inch laptop with a new processor. The new MacBook Pro will look much like the previous model and will mostly differ in internal architecture. Apple has been working on a new in-house chip for a future MacBook Pro that manages the laptops low-power mode, but it’s unclear whether it will be included in the June’s lineup. The current MacBook Pro was released last fall and featured the Touch Bar. However, the laptop faced hurdles with its battery. Consumer Reports declined in December to recommend the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar because of “highly inconsistent” poor battery life tests. In Febraury, users reported experiencing problems with the MacBook Pro’s keyboard, and other users said they were hearing a “popping” noise coming from their units. The new lineup could win back disappointed MacBook fans. Apple’s new laptops could also help against competition from Microsoft, which recently introduced the Surface Laptop. Read: Surface Laptop: Why The Windows 10 S MacBook Clone May Struggle - Price, Specs & More The new MacBook lineup also could help Apple with its declining iPad sales. A recent report said Apple could phase out the iPad Mini. Apple already discontinued the iPad Mini 4 32GB model earlier this year and previously dropped the iPad Air. Apple is expected to introduce the iPad Pro 2 at the upcoming WWDC, which will take place next month in San Jose, California. What Else Will Be Announced In WWDC? Along with the MacBook lineup, Apple is also expected to announce an update to macOS at WWDC, as well as tvOS and watchOS. The company could give the work a preview of iOS 11 for iPads and iPhones. The update is supposed to boost Siri capabilities and introduce Theater Mode for devices. iOS 11 is also rumored to revamp the Music App to push Apple’s original video content. The company is also expected to announce another device: a Siri speaker. KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo recently said there is an "over 50 percent chance” the speaker will be revealed at WWDC. The Siri speaker will compete with Amazon’s multiple Alexa-powered devices and Google Home. Amazon already debuted two Echo devices this spring, the Echo Look, which acts like a style assistant, and the Echo Show, which comes with a built-in display. Apple is also expected to announce developments in Apple Pay. Join the Discussion Most Read Related Stories Apple Granted Patents For Bezel-Less Screen Display, Embedded Touch ID Apple Could Discontinue The iPad Mini Newsletter Everything You Need To Know, Right Now Sign up for the newsletter. Subscribe Recommended Business Uber Wanted To Partner With Tesla, But Musk Said No Travis Kalanick, CEO of the ride-hailing company, called Tesla CEO Elon Musk to propose a self-driving partnership between the two companies, a new book says. Technology Google May Unveil A New High-End Virtual Reality Headset Google will reportedly announce a new virtual reality headset at its Google I/O developer's conference. World Heavy Rainstorms Changed Mars Surface The atmosphere on Mars evolved over time, and during that period of climate change, rain probably fell hard enough in storms that carved out the surface and eroded craters. National Trump Could Be Held Responsible For Obstruction Of Justice: Angus King Donald Trump reportedly told former FBI Director James Comey to end investigation into Michael Flynn’s Russia connections. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple Likely to Introduce a MacBook Pro Refresh at WWDC with a 32GB Option that Pro's have been Screaming for | Main | TheStreet Launches a Free New Financial App that's Available at the App Store » May 16, 2017 'Today at Apple' is Finally Rolling out at an Apple Store Near You   Apple today announced the official launch of 'Today at Apple' where dozens of new educational sessions will be available at all 495 Apple stores ranging in topics from photo and video to music, coding, art and design and more. The hands-on sessions, collectively called "Today at Apple," will be led by highly-trained team members, and in select cities world-class artists, photographers and musicians, teaching sessions from basics and how-to lessons to professional-level programs.       About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on May 16, 2017 at 03:33 PM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts TheStreet Launches a Free New Financial App that's Available at the App Store 'Today at Apple' is Finally Rolling out at an Apple Store Near You Apple Likely to Introduce a MacBook Pro Refresh at WWDC with a 32GB Option that Pro's have been Screaming for LG to introduce their First OLED Smartphone in H2 as they prepare to enter Apple's Supply Chain in 2019 Apple Granted 56 Patents Today Covering an Edge-to-Edge iPhone Display, Touch ID under the Display & 3D Scanner In Portrait mode on the iPhone 7 Plus, you don’t just look good. You look fantastic. Apple Italy announces that their Advanced Apple Store with Amphitheater will be Opening Soon in Milan Samsung and Apple in a Race to Introduce both a Selfie Camera and Smart Band Display to their Respective Smartwatches VoIP-Pal Raises Damages Claim against Apple in Patent Lawsuit by almost Tenfold Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars BUSINESS Analysis Long live the laptop. Long live the Apple-Microsoft rivalry Kevin Kelleher May 16, 2017 3:25 PM Above: Apple chief executive Tim Cook. Image Credit: Apple There may yet be life in the laptop market. A few weeks after Microsoft launched its long-promised, fully fledged Surface Laptop, Apple is reportedly planning to refresh its Macbook lineup. Apple’s anticipated announcement followed last fall’s update of the Macbook Pro, which left many enthusiasts underwhelmed. Apple will upgrade the Macbook Pro and the 12-inch Macbook with faster processors, Bloomberg reported, citing unnamed sources. In particular, the Macbook Pro will get a quad core processor using Intel’s Kaby Lake architecture, which wasn’t available when the Macbook Pro relaunched last October. In addition, Apple is said to be considering a faster chip for the 13-inch Macbook Air. The new laptops will be announced at Apple’s developer conference next month, according to Bloomberg. The competing offerings from the longtime personal-computing rivals suggest a brighter future for laptops than was on the horizon even a few months ago. The new Macbook Pro received mixed reviews upon its announcement, with some enthusiasts — especially professionals who relied on its processing power — feeling that it fell short of their expectations. Instead of a new Touch Bar that seemed nice if not necessary, they wanted the speed and power Macbooks have always offered. And rather than delivering the fancy upgrade that Macbook Pro users had waited 524 days for, Apple had signaled that it may be moving away from laptops in a personal-computing landscape where smaller devices were dominant, at least in terms of sales. Reports inside Apple seemed to indicate that Apple was focusing its innovative talent on other areas. The new Macbooks certainly have revived growth in Apple’s Mac division, but nothing like the glory days. The new Macbook Pros began selling in the latter part of the fourth quarter of 2016. Overall Mac unit sales, which also include desktops, rose one percent to 5.4 million for the quarter while Mac revenue rose seven percent. In the most recent quarter, unit sales rose four percent to 4.2 million while revenue rose 14 percent. Macbooks and Mac desktops have long had a outsize role for Apple. Together, they make up only 11 percent of Apple’s revenue, but inside any Apple store they take up a much larger portion of its floorspace. The same could be said of Apple’s brand: The Mac stands at the center of Apple’s storied history, especially in its long battle against Microsoft, and it still holds a big part of the consumers’ mindshare. So if Apple does refresh its Macbook lineup next month, it will be announced around the time the Surface ships on June 15. The Surface, which features Intel’s Kaby Lane processor, seemed to win more positive initial reviews than the Macbook Pro update last fall. Granted, the bar of expectations has long been higher for Apple than for Microsoft — especially considering this is Microsoft’s first laptop — but after its release the Surface began to look like a viable alternative to the Macbook. The arrival of a Surface Laptop also underscored a change in Apple’s marketplace. Deep-pocketed giants like Microsoft and Alphabet are moving into manufacturing, if not branding, their own hardware. Apple’s lead in design and innovation remains secure. But just as Microsoft has made strides with the Surface, Google has gained momentum with its Pixel phone. Amazon is working with manufacturers to market 4K TVs that use in-house-designed software and its popular Alexa technology. Refreshing its Macbook lineup certainly would help Apple maintain its lead over Microsoft. Even though the laptop’s glory days may be past, there’s nothing like a little competition from a well-financed competitor to return Apple’s focus to its high-end laptops. Given Apple’s history in personal computing, it would be ironic if that competition came from Microsoft. VB Recommendations Facebook’s fact checking may help spread fake news 5 bots to try this week: Spider-Man, Discord Dungeons, Beam, Pizza Bottle, and Kim Kardashian Final Fantasy IX PC mod adds high-def background art
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple This is the Retina MacBook Apple needs to make Chris Mills BGR News May 16, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share A new report suggests that Apple is planning on upgrading the entire MacBook line at WWDC, its big developer conference held at the end of May. Some upgrades we can already call: the new MacBook Pro and old MacBook Air line will probably get Intel’s latest version of Core i7 processor, and new iMacs are almost a lock. But beyond a minor spec bump, it’s difficult to know exactly what Apple plans to do with the Retina MacBook. Don't Miss: This new iPhone 8 leak has left us perplexed Right now, the Retina MacBook is sitting in a weird place. In many ways, it’s meant to be the definition of thin-and-light computing: good battery life, remarkably thin, and enough processing power to handle everyday tasks, and nothing more. But according to Apple’s own rationale, it’s made redundant by the iPad Pro, which is supposed to have PC-level performance in the convenience of a tablet form factor. Worse, the low-end specs of the Retina MacBook make it an easy target for cheap Windows laptops and high-end Chromebooks. Asus’s high-end Chromebook, for example, gets you the same CPU and RAM as the Retina MacBook for less than half the price. Sure, the build quality is prettier on the MacBook, but it’s also stuck with one single USB-C port. Even setting the price aside for a second, the Retina MacBook just isn’t a particularly appealing laptop anymore. Without the Retina MacBook as a viable option, Apple’s low-end options look weak. Sure, the MacBook Pro is a thin and capable computer, but even the cheapest option starts at $1,500. In a world of perfectly usable $300 Chromebooks, that’s a big ask. Long story short, Apple needs to do something to the Retina MacBook, and fast. It’s already ruled out the option of giving us the updated MacBook Air that we all want, so it’s time to double down and build a Retina MacBook that’s actually appealing. Realistically speaking, here’s what that would look like. The form factor has to stay more or less the same, which rules out much more power — there’s just not room. I expect Apple to start by adding a second USB-C port on the other side of the laptop, which gives far more versatility, and (best of all!) means you can charge from either side. When the Retina MacBook first came out, I suspect it was limited to one USB-C port because of the cost and size of the USB-C controller inside. These days, they’re much cheaper and smaller, and there’s no real reason not to put at least one port on each side. Do that, put in Intel’s latest Core m5 and at least 8GB of RAM, and you have a genuinely usable everyday laptop in a thin form factor. Drop the price down to $899 for a cheap model with 128GB of storage (have to make the savings somewhere), and you’d convert the majority of people looking at a fancy Chromebook. Trending right now: This new iPhone 8 leak has left us perplexed Brand new HTC U11 did to the Google Pixel what the Galaxy S8 couldn’t New report confirms highly anticipated Galaxy Note 8 feature See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Meet this new apple-picking robot Yahoo Tech Control your Roomba with just your voice via this new Alexa integration Yahoo Tech Mars rover reaches site that scientists still can’t explain BGR News Pogue's Basics: How to create a search-and-replace macro in Word Yahoo Tech We noshed on Nougat, and Android 7.0 is Google’s sweetest update yet Yahoo Tech Build your own DIY video game console Yahoo Tech Scientists just discovered something incredible about the dinosaur-killer asteroid BGR News The first flying car is available for pre-order Yahoo Tech The wireless over-ear headphones that beat Beats are back on sale on Amazon BGR News
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] May 15 AAPL: 155.70 -0.40 Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Chance Miller - May. 15th 2017 4:23 pm PT @ChanceHMiller Feature Siri Speaker View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit It’s long been rumored that Apple is working on a competitor to Amazon’s Echo platform and Google Home in the form of a so-called Siri Speaker. While WWDC has been a software-only event in recent years, it appears that might change with this year’s keynote and Siri Speaker. With Siri Speaker rumored to be unveiled next month, it’s time to take a step back and look at everything we’ve heard about the device at this point… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover Apple’s efforts to build a standalone Siri hardware device were first reported back in May 2016. The device at the time was said to be marketed as a high-end alternative to the Google Home and Amazon Echo. Like with most rumors, expectations and details regarding the Siri Speaker have changed as time has progressed. For instance, it was at one point reported that the Apple TV would be the center point of Siri Speaker, but more recent reports have pegged the device as a truly standalone hardware product. Report: Apple planning Siri SDK for WWDC as it builds Amazon Echo/Google Home hardware competitor Report: Apple TV could be home for rumored Amazon Echo-like Siri speaker All in all, up until recently not much was known about Siri Speaker. It was essentially just a long-standing rumor without any details backing it up, but that changed early this year as more information started to emerge. A Bloomberg report last September arguably kick-started the focus on Siri Speaker. The report claimed that Apple was in the process of testing the device in employee homes after following a two-year research and development period. Bloomberg also shot down those rumors of the Siri Speaker being baked into the Apple TV. Apple’s rumored Siri-powered Amazon Echo competitor now in prototype testing – Bloomberg Report: Apple’s rumored Amazon Echo-like Siri speaker may feature facial recognition cameras Jump forward to 2017, Twitter leaker Sonny Dickson last month took to the social media platform to reveal a handful of details about Siri Speaker. Dickson stated that the Siri Speaker will offer some form of Beats technology underneath the hood, while also noting that it will run a variant of iOS. In terms of design, he pointed to a meld between the Mac Pro and UE Boom as a good example of Apple’s design. While Dickson’s report was met with skepticism at the start, it was quickly corroborated by reliable Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities. Kuo noted in an investor report that Siri Speaker will be positioned as a “high-end Amazon Echo competitor,” with one of its biggest selling points being “excellent” sound quality. The analyst explained that Siri Speaker will feature seven tweeters and a subwoofer, though it’s still unclear if there will be any user-facing Beats branding. Rumor: ‘Siri Speaker’ Amazon Echo competitor could see WWDC debut with Mac Pro style KGI: Apple likely to announce ‘home AI’ Siri Speaker at WWDC, positioned as high-end Amazon Echo competitor One big question many have about Siri Speaker, however, is whether or not the device will feature a display. While some reports have said it’s uncertain whether or not they’ll be any sort of user interface, others have been more clear. Just this weekend, KGI’s Ming-Chi Kuo released another industry note in which he reiterated much of what he had already said, but also noted that Siri Speaker will include a “touch panel.” At this point, it’s not explicitly clear what the “touch panel” will offer. It could be similar to the Echo Show, which offers a full touchscreen, or it could be something smaller, perhaps similar to that of the MacBook Pro Touch Bar. Apple exec Phil Schiller himself came out against the idea of voice-only virtual assistants, so it really doesn’t come as too big of a surprise that Apple’s offering will incorporate some sort of display. Referring to the Amazon Echo and Google home, Schiller said: Well, I won’t talk to either one specifically, [I] don’t want to. My mother used to have a saying that if you don’t have something nice to say, say nothing at all. Obviously one hugely important aspect of the Siri Speaker is going to be Siri itself. Arguably, the success of the hardware product depends almost entirely on the improvements Apple brings for Siri. It’s no secret that Apple’s virtual assistant has started to lag behind Amazon’s Alexa and others, but KGI claims that Siri Speaker will be announced alongside “software development details for home AI.” As for an announcement, both Dickson and KGI have claimed Siri Speaker will see an unveil at Apple’s WWDC event next month, which is somewhat surprising given how the event has been almost exclusively software-focused over recent years. Though, it makes sense seeing how Apple did not hold its usual March hardware event this year. KGI: Apple likely to launch 10.5-inch iPad Pro and Siri Speaker at WWDC alongside new software Bloomberg: Unclear if Siri Speaker will feature display, Amazon open to Apple Music on Echo Phil Schiller says voice-only assistants are sometimes convenient So, that’s what we currently know about Siri Speaker: a standalone hardware device with a more powerful Siri, a touch interface, hi-fi speakers, and a WWDC unveil. What do you make of all of these rumors? As it stands now, would you purchase a Siri Speaker? Let us know down in the comments. Other Siri Speaker coverage: Opinion: I hope Siri Speaker is more Amazon Echo and less Echo Show What feature is a ‘must have’ for you to use Apple’s Siri Speaker? [Poll] Siri Speaker Wishlist: hi-fi audio, multi-user control, HomeKit features, more Voice-controlled speaker market predicted to double as Apple reportedly works on its plans What’s next for Siri: Apple’s advantage for its Echo/Google Home competitor Opinion: A Siri Speaker can learn a lot from Amazon’s Echo, but its success really depends on improvements to Siri Opinion: Does Apple need to make an Amazon Echo/Google Home speaker, or just make Siri better? Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides Siri Speaker View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 155.47 -0.23 App specific passwords will be required to sign in to iCloud with third party apps from June 15, here’s how to make them Benjamin Mayo - May. 16th 2017 2:58 am PT @bzamayo iCloud View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit In its ongoing efforts to ensure strong security for customers, Apple will require the use of app-specific passwords from June 15th. This affects you if you use a third-party app that logs in with an iCloud email and password (Outlook, Thunderbird, etc) to access contacts, calendar and mail messages. If you don’t migrate to app-specific passwords by the June 15 deadline, then those apps will stop working. Luckily, it’s easy to fix: read on for step-by-step instructions on how to make app-specific passwords for your Apple ID. Try Amazon Prime 30-Day Free Trial Apple announced the policy change in an email sent to iCloud users today. If you do not use third-party mail, contacts or calendar apps with your iCloud account, then you are not affected at all and can simply ignore the steps. Apps from the App Store that integrate with iCloud via Apple APIs also do not need app-specific passwords to be created as you never type a password into them directly. App-specific passwords hide your real account credentials from the third-party service, increasing security by only giving out scrambled random passwords to non-Apple servers. These individual passwords can be revoked at any time and are independent of your primary iCloud login details. To use app-specific passwords, you must first enable two-factor authentication for your Apple ID if you haven’t already. With iOS 10.3 and later, two-factor authentication is set up by default for new Apple ID accounts so new users should have this done. (iOS 10.3 also prominently prompts existing user accounts to upgrade.) With two factor authentication enabled, you can now make an app-specific password: Log in to the Apple ID page with your usual iCloud email address and password. Scroll down to the ‘Security’ area and click ‘Generate Password’ beneath the App-Specific Password heading. Give the password a name in the label popup (so you know what service you used it with later). The password will now be shown; it will be a string of 16 random characters. Copy this down. Open your third-party app and log out with your existing iCloud details. Then, log in again using the same email and the new app-specific password you copied from the previous step. That’s it. You can repeat the process for each app that you have connected to iCloud, creating a new app-specific password for each third-party app. If you change your primary Apple ID password, all app-specific passwords will be revoked automatically and the apps will obviously stop working. Create new app-specific passwords (via the same five steps above) if you want to log in to a third-party service again after changing your primary Apple ID iCloud password. Apple lets you have up to 25 app-specific passwords at once. At any time, you can go back into the Apple ID Security panel, click ‘Edit’ and then ‘View History’ to manage your app-specific passwords. You can revoke a specific password (identified by the label you picked when you created them) or remove them all and start over. Once again, if you only use Apple apps to access iCloud data, this doesn’t affect you. It only applies to people using third-party apps to read iCloud mail, calendar events and contacts — like Microsoft Outlook. These changes offer additional safeguards to make your Apple account even more secure. Benjamin Mayo @bzamayo Benjamin develops iOS apps professionally and covers Apple news and rumors for 9to5Mac. Listen to Benjamin, every week, on the Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro Apple AirPods Guides iCloud View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 155.47 -0.23 Photos posted from exclusive tour inside Apple Park, with video coming soon [Gallery] Ben Lovejoy - May. 16th 2017 5:47 am PT @benlovejoy Tim Cook Steve Jobs Apple Park Jony Ive View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Wired has been given an exclusive look inside the spaceship ring of the Apple Campus, revealing the ‘pod’ approach that was the brainchild of Steve Jobs. As with any Apple product, its shape would be determined by its function. This would be a workplace where people were open to each other and open to nature, and the key to that would be modular sections, known as pods, for work or collaboration. Jobs’ idea was to repeat those pods over and over: pod for office work, pod for teamwork, pod for socializing, like a piano roll playing a Philip Glass composition. They would be distributed demo­cratically. Not even the CEO would get a suite or a similar incongruity. And while the company has long been notorious for internal secrecy, compartmentalizing its projects on a need-to-know basis, Jobs seemed to be proposing a more porous structure where ideas would be more freely shared across common spaces. Not totally open, of course—Ive’s design studio, for instance, would be shrouded by translucent glass—but more open than Infinite Loop. The site has posted a small selection of teaser photos (below), and promises that video is coming soon … NordVPN The Wired piece is a long-form article that delves into the background to the design in significant detail. For example, the way that a clover leaf design morphed into the circle. To accommodate the pods, the main building took the shape of a bloated clover leaf—people at Apple called it the propeller—with three lobes doing a Möbius around a center core. But over time Jobs realized that it wouldn’t work. “We have a crisis,” he told the architects early in the spring of 2010. “I think it is too tight on the inside and too wide on the outside.” This launched weeks of overtime among Foster’s 100-person team to figure out how to resolve the problem. (Their ranks would eventually reach 250.) In May, as he was sketching in his book, Foster wrote down a statement: “On the way to a circle.” According to Walter Isaacson’s biography of Jobs, there was another factor. When Jobs showed a drawing of the clover leaf to his son, Reed, the teenager commented that from the air, the building would look like male genitalia. The next day Jobs repeated the observation to the architects, warning them that from that point on, “you’re never going to be able to erase that vision from your mind.” (Foster and Behling say they have no recollection of this.) By June 2010 it was a circle. No one takes full credit for the shape; all seem to feel it was inevitable all along. “Steve dug it right away,” Foster says. Steve Levy describes seeing the Ring for the first time in the steel and glass. Inside the 755-foot tunnel, the white tiles along the wall gleam like a recently installed high-end bathroom; it’s what the Lincoln Tunnel must have looked like the day it opened, before the first smudge of soot sullied its walls. And as we emerge into the light, the Ring comes into view. As the Jeep orbits it, the sun glistens off the building’s curved glass surface. The “canopies”—white fins that protrude from the glass at every floor—give it an exotic, retro-­future feel, evoking illustrations from science fiction pulp magazines of the 1950s. Along the inner border of the Ring, there is a walkway where one can stroll the three-quarter-mile perimeter of the building unimpeded. It’s a statement of openness, of free movement, that one might not have associated with Apple. And that’s part of the point. Before Jony Ive takes him through the full-height doors to the cafe. Each door is 85 feet by 54 feet and weights 360,000 pounds. “This might be a stupid question,” I say. “But why do you need a four-story glass door?” Ive raises an eyebrow. “Well,” he says. “It depends how you define need, doesn’t it?” As you’d expect, huge amounts of thoughts has gone into the smallest of details, much of it driven personally by Steve Jobs, says Stefan Behling, one of Foster+Partner’s project leads. They describe the level of attention devoted to every detail, the willingness to search the earth for the right materials, and the obstacles overcome to achieve perfection […] At one point, Behling recalls, Jobs discussed the walls he had in mind for the offices: “He knew exactly what timber he wanted, but not just ‘I like oak’ or ‘I like maple.’ He knew it had to be quarter-­cut. It had to be cut in the winter, ideally in January, to have the least amount of sap and sugar content. We were all sitting there, architects with gray hair, going, ‘Holy shit!’” Foster+Partners had to persuade Steve of the need for the fins that we’re now used to seeing as an integral part of the design. Though they’re now the building’s signature flourish, they were not something Jobs originally wanted, even though he eventually came around to them. “In Steve’s perfect world, there wouldn’t have been any canopies,” Behling says. “Yes, we can produce an all-glass building, but in this climate we have to shade it—you have to have some serious baseball-cap action.” While the cost of the project has been criticized by some shareholders, CEO Tim Cook is unapologetic. “Could we have cut a corner here or there?” Cook asks rhetorically. “It wouldn’t have been Apple. And it wouldn’t have sent the message to everybody working here every day that detail matters, that care matters.” That was what Jobs wanted—what he always wanted. And the current leaders of Apple are determined not to disappoint him in what is arguably his biggest, and is certainly his last, product launch. “I revere him,” Cook says. “And this was clearly his vision, his concept. Our biggest project ever.” The photos show the building fins; a tree being positioned; Cook in one of the completed pods; an early sketch of a pod; light fixtures that can direct light up, down or both; an empty pod; concave and convex buttons beneath a desk to adjust the height; and door handles with no visible fixings. The full-length piece is well worth a read. What are your thoughts on the pod concept and design details seen? As ever, please share your views in the comments. Ben Lovejoy @benlovejoy Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels published to date, and an SF novella series coming in March 2017. Favorite Gear MacBook/Pro/Air Sony a6300 DJI Mavic Pro Guides Tim Cook The CEO of Apple View THe Guide Steve Jobs View THe Guide Apple Park Apple Park, previously titled Campus 2, will become the company's new headquarters in 2017 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 155.47 -0.23 Comment: Google Assistant’s arrival on the iPhone will put pressure on Apple to up Siri’s game Ben Lovejoy - May. 16th 2017 7:32 am PT @benlovejoy Siri Google Assistant View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Siri may have been a pioneer in the field of voice-based intelligent assistants, but competition in the field is now fierce. Google Assistant, Microsoft’s Cortana and Amazon’s Alexa are all aiming to take Siri’s crown. The problem, however, is that many Apple owners are so deeply embedded in the ecosystem that there’s little risk of them switching platforms – especially not from an iPhone to an Android phone. So while Google Assistant in theory put Apple under pressure to improve Siri, in practice, not so much. But if Google Assistant does indeed make it onto the iPhone this week as reported, that’s a new ballgame … NordVPN For the first time, iPhone owners will be able to easily and directly compare the performance of Siri and Google’s competitor. Doing so will be as easy as tapping the Google Assistant app and then trying the same query with both that and Siri to see which produces better results. None of the four competing platforms seem to get a clear edge in comparisons, but it’s clear that Google Assistant is the one Siri needs to beat. Business Insider said that Siri and Google Assistant both got an equal number of responses right, but the latter had a slight edge. If I were to simply count each “winner” above, Siri would be right there with it. Things are closer than the recent Google hype machine would suggest. Technically, though, Google Assistant was the smoothest to use. I didn’t have to repeat myself as many times as I did with the others. It was also the most adept at understanding context. Even if Siri feels more in tune with the device it’s a part of, I felt more like a robot talking to it. The Assistant is also fun — it runs like something Google’s people enjoyed being creative with. And in the areas where Google was behind, the gap wasn’t huge. Digital Trends concluded that Siri had the least functionality, and also gave the edge to Google. Overall, we give the nod to Google Assistant. While Cortana can technically do more, the fact Cortana is only available on Android and iOS as a thidr-party app limits the assistant’s appeal while on the go. We think Google Assistant and Cortana are the current best bets for people who want a single do-it-all assistant. Know Your Mobile said that Google Assistant gets more verbal replies, and was more conversational. In the end Brownlee concluded that Google Assistant is more audio-based and conversational, reading out answers to your queries and displaying very little text or additional information. Siri, on the other hand, is more visual-based, serving up plenty of charts and graphs to go with its answers. But in the end Brownlee said he judges how capable a personal digital assistant is based on how much like a robot the user needs to speak like to get the correct answers. Since Google Assistant is better able to detect what you want using conversational and contextual learning, it’s more natural to use and thus more competent. TNW said that Siri was faster, but Google Assistant was better. While there was little difference in speed between the two virtual assistants, Siri was often a split second faster to answer. However, Google Assistant seemed to provide more accurate and detailed results – and also more relevant when taking into account previous searches. Part of the reason for that is Google’s new and improved AI algorithm which, in addition to being more conversational, has also learned how to understand and factor in the context of the questions asked. In contrast, Siri tends to ignore context in some cases, merely pulling up results from Bing and other search engines. MIT Technology Review considers Google Assistant more ambitious that Siri. For example, one executive demonstrated how Assistant could play the correct track when given the command “Play the Shakira song from Zootopia.” […] The more invested in Google’s existing products and services you are, the more powerful Assistant becomes. It integrates with the Google Photos service, for example, so you can ask things like “Show me my photos of snow from last December.” So while it’s undoubtedly true that each intelligent assistant has its strengths and weaknesses, and claims that Siri has fallen behind are exaggerated, it also can’t be denied that – despite Siri’s head start – Apple has allowed competitors to quickly catch up, if not overtake. Using Google Assistant will, of course, be less convenient than using Siri: holding down the Home button versus opening an app. That’s the home ground advantage Apple has. But with iPhone users able to test both and make their own decision about which to use, that significantly ramps up the pressure on Apple to boost the capabilities of its own assistant. And as someone who believes competition drives innovation, that can only be a good thing. Ben Lovejoy @benlovejoy Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels published to date, and an SF novella series coming in March 2017. Favorite Gear MacBook/Pro/Air Sony a6300 DJI Mavic Pro Guides Siri View THe Guide Google Assistant View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 155.47 -0.23 Report: Apple to phase out the iPad mini, no more updates planned Zac Hall - May. 16th 2017 7:47 am PT @apollozac iPad iPad mini View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit There may be bad news for iPad mini fans. A new report claims Apple plans to discontinue the 7.9-inch iPad sometime in the future, which is a claim supported by the lack of updates to the smaller iPad in recent years. Sony A6500 BGR cites ‘a source close to Apple’ in reporting that the iPad mini will not be updated again and will instead by phased out over time due to decreasing sales possibly caused by lighter and thinner iPads and modern iPhones with larger displays. The report offers no additional details like when the iPad mini will actually be discontinued. Apple currently offers a single storage configuration of its iPad mini 4 with 128GB for $399 and a model with built-in LTE for $529. Apple undercut the price of the iPad mini 4 price with the new 9.7-inch iPad that goes for $329 for 32GB and $429 for 128GB. The $329 iPad also has a newer processor, although the iPad mini 4 has a higher quality display with lamination and an anti-reflective coating. Some analysts have predicted that the iPad mini will eventually be discontinued which isn’t surprising considering Apple has only revised the product three times in five years (and one update only involved adding Touch ID and a gold color option). Still, there have been reports of a so-called iPad mini Pro with Smart Connector and Apple Pencil support as unlikely as it sounds… While the iPad mini appears to be on the way out, Apple may be planning to update the iPad Pro line for the first time in over a year with a new 10.5-inch model with slimmer bezels and about the same casing as the 9.7-inch version as soon as next month at WWDC. Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more iPad news! Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides iPad What's next for Apple's iPad line? View THe Guide iPad mini / 2 / 3 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 155.47 -0.23 First tvOS 10.2.2 beta for Apple TV rolling out Zac Hall - May. 16th 2017 10:01 am PT @apollozac Apple TV tvOS View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has released the first tvOS 10.2.2 beta for Apple TV. The new tvOS beta allows developers who are registered with Apple’s developer program to test their apps on the upcoming software update for Apple TV. Sony A6500 tvOS 10.2.2 beta follows one day after the release of tvOS 10.2.1 which was released to all users yesterday. Both updates focus on bug fixes and security improvements and not new features. We’ll update if any release notes are provided for the new software update. Note that some developers may be seeing the update fail for now, but the issue will presumably be resolved shortly. For a look at recent changes to tvOS, check out our hands-on video below: For more on tvOS, check out these stories: First sign of next-gen Apple TV running tvOS 11 purportedly appears in developer logs WWDC Wishlist: How Apple TV could improve with tvOS 11 Rumor claims Apple TV to add multi-user login and Picture-in-Picture video with tvOS 11 Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides Apple TV View THe Guide tvOS View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 155.47 -0.23 Apple releases first iOS 10.3.3 beta for iPhone and iPad Zac Hall - May. 16th 2017 10:11 am PT @apollozac iPhone iOS View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has released the first iOS 10.3.3 beta for iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch. The update likely includes bug fixes and security improvements. Sony A6500 iOS 10.3.3 beta 1 follows one day after the public release of iOS 10.3.2 for all users. iOS 10.3.3 is currently available to registered developers; a public beta version may be available shortly. Major new features for iOS are likely being saved for iOS 11 which we expect to see introduced at WWDC on June 5. Rumored features include Apple Pay peer-to-peer payments, group FaceTime, new Siri enhancements, changes to the Apple Music app, and more. For a look back at what changes Apple included with iOS 10.3, check out our hands-on video below: For more on iOS 11, check out these stories: WWDC Wishlist: How iPhone and iPad could improve with iOS 11 WWDC Wishlist: How CarPlay could improve with iOS 11 Sketchy rumor claims iOS 11 will enhance Siri with iMessage integration, user behavior learning, more iOS 10.3 beta 32-bit alert suggests Apple may drop legacy app support in iOS 11 Report: Apple in talks to extend Apple Pay with person-to-person payments, offer its own prepaid debit cards Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides iPhone View THe Guide iOS View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 155.47 -0.23 Bloomberg: MacBook Pro upgrade coming at WWDC alongside 12-inch MacBook refresh Zac Hall - May. 16th 2017 11:12 am PT @apollozac MacBook Pro View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit WWDC 2017 may be quite the hardware event this year despite the recent focus on software alone in recent years. iPad Pro updates and a possible Siri speaker have already been rumored, and now Bloomberg reports a MacBook Pro update will happen: Sony A6500 The report also says an updated 12-inch MacBook and even a possible MacBook Air update could happen alongside the MacBook Pro refresh: Apple is planning three new laptops, according to people familiar with the matter. The MacBook Pro will get a faster Kaby Lake processor from Intel Corp., said the people, who requested anonymity to discuss internal planning. Apple is also working on a new version of the 12-inch MacBook with a faster Intel chip. The company has also considered updating the aging 13-inch MacBook Air with a new processor as sales of the laptop, Apple’s cheapest, remain surprisingly strong, one of the people said. Supply chain analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities previously predicted Kaby Lake-based MacBook Pro upgrades this year with a possible 32GB RAM option. Apple last refreshed the MacBook Pro with a new design and Thunderbolt 3 I/O back in the fall, although feedback from professional users could warrant a quick turnaround for the more capable machines. Apple’s 12-inch MacBook was first introduced two years ago and updated to a faster Core M processor a year later which happens to be just over a year ago. Apple’s 13-inch MacBook Air remains available for sale but new configurations have not been released recently. Instead, Apple pitched the 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar as the modern MacBook Air despite still offering the thinner machine at a lower price. Apple has already publicly stated that new iMacs are coming later this year and a new modular Mac Pro and Apple-branded display are coming in the future. In addition to the newly reported notebooks expected at WWDC now, various reports have claimed Apple’s 10.5-inch iPad Pro that has been rumored for a while and even the rumored Siri Speaker could be introduced at the keynote. Apple will also likely show off iOS 11, macOS 10.13, watchOS 4, and tvOS 11 as the focus of the keynote. Apple’s WWDC keynote kicks off on June 5 at 10 am PT where 9to5Mac will bring full coverage from San Jose, CA so stay tuned for more. Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more MacBook Pro news! Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides MacBook Pro Apple's premium MacBook, built with the professional in mind. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 155.47 -0.23 Apple releases first watchOS 3.2.3 beta for Apple Watch Zac Hall - May. 16th 2017 10:14 am PT @apollozac Apple Watch watchOS View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has released the first watchOS 3.2.3 beta for Apple Watch. The update is currently only available to registered developers for testing. Sony A6500 watchOS 3.2.3 follows ones day after the release of watchOS 3.2.2 for all users which was previously only available in beta. Both updates focus on bug fixes and performance improvements. watchOS 3.2.3 is only available to registered developers. Apple features a public beta program for iOS and macOS while watchOS and tvOS are developer only. We’ll update if any changes or release notes are discovered or shared. For a look back at the changes included in watchOS 3.2, check out our hands-on video below: For more on watchOS, check out these stories: WWDC Wishlist: How Apple Watch could improve with watchOS 4 Ahead of WWDC, what are you most excited to see in watchOS 4? [Poll] What’s next for Apple Watch? How sleep tracking, cellular, and an always-on display could be major improvements Zac Hall @apollozac Zac covers Apple news and product reviews for 9to5Mac, contributes to 9to5Google, and hosts the weekly 9to5Mac Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear Nanoleaf Aurora DJI Phantom 4 Sonos Play:5 Guides Apple Watch View THe Guide watchOS View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 155.47 -0.23 Apple’s first Singapore retail location officially set to open on May 27 Chance Miller - May. 16th 2017 10:51 am PT @ChanceHMiller Apple Store View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple’s long-awaited Singapore retail location finally has an opening date. The store is Apple’s first in Singapore and is set to open May 27th, a week from this Saturday, at 10AM, according to a new report from The Straits Times. Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover The report notes that Apple Store employees were seen changing the banner on the front of the store to reflect the new opening date, seen in the image below, while employees also confirmed operating hours for the location. The Singapore retail location, officially referred to as Apple Orchard Road, will be open from 10AM to 10PM every day. Apple’s first Singapore retail location has been in the making for almost two years now, with the company originally announcing its plans back in 2015. It wasn’t until just recently, however, that the location of the store was officially confirmed. Apple Orchard Road will feature the company’s new ‘Today at Apple‘ initiative, as well. This will see the store offer a greater focus on free workshops and creative help with so-called ‘Creative Pros’ to lead these efforts. Furthermore, the Orchard Road location will be powered entirely by solar energy, making Apple the first company in Singapore to power all operations by solar energy. Over the weekend, we reported that Apple was planing a new store in Mexico, located in the city of San Luis Potosi. The company continues to expand its presence around the world and to update its older stores with a new design and new amenities. Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news and reviews! Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides Apple Store View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 155.47 -0.23 Apple School Manager gets new UI, Activity Manager, back-to-school features, & expanded admin privileges Jordan Kahn - May. 16th 2017 11:31 am PT @JordanKahn Education View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple is releasing a big update to its Apple School Manager service this week that allows administrators to quickly and easily setup, deploy and manage iOS devices and Macs being used in the classroom (and with Apple’s own Classroom app). The best 4K & 5K displays for Mac The entire Apple School Manager web portal is getting refreshed with a brand new user-interface and handful of features highly requested by users. Among the new features is an Activity Manager, which will serve as one central location that users can monitor and take care of most bulk tasks. Searching and filter will be much improved with the ability to filter people by class along with other new search options. Apple is also aiming to make back-to-school deployment easier with this release with the new version allowing users to download a CSV of Managed Apple IDs and passwords for new school seasons. Another new feature that will be welcomed by administrators in this release: you can now add four additional administrators to your account in School Manager, bringing the total to five. In addition, the release includes improvements for quickly deleting Apple IDs. Apple first introduced School Manager with iOS 9.3 last March as an tailored solution for schools compared to Apple’s Device Enrolment Program (DEP) or the Volume Purchase Program (VPP). Apple is migrating school administrators over from those services in the transition to the new School Manager, which is still marked as a “Preview” since its launch last year. Apple says School Manager lets admins “assign devices to an MDM solution; purchase apps and learning materials; and create accounts for staff, teachers, and students.” Previously in beta, the new features above will be available to all administrators using Apple School Manager starting tomorrow. Jordan Kahn @JordanKahn Jordan writes about all things Apple as Senior Editor of 9to5Mac, & contributes to 9to5Google, 9to5Toys, & Electrek.co. He also co-authors 9to5Mac’s weekly Logic Pros series and makes music as one half of Toronto-based Makamachine. Favorite Gear LG 34-inch Widscreen Monitor This gorgeous desk clock is made with vintage Soviet Union Nixie tubes PhotoFast MFi drive w/ Lightning, USB-C, USB-A, micro-USB Guides Education View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Roundup: Everything we currently know about Apple’s upcoming ‘Siri Speaker’ Trending in Apple How to: Quickly & easily create timelapse videos from video or stills in Final Cut Pro X Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple’s Project Titan now be a ‘HomeKit for cars’ rather than an actual vehicle? Trending in Apple Here’s what pros want from Apple’s new modular Mac Pro and display Trending in Apple Opinion: HomeKit is great fun for techies but not yet ready for the mass market Trending in Apple Hands-on: Mantiz Venus – a Thunderbolt 3 eGPU + docking station with 87W of USB Power Delivery [Video] Yesterday AAPL: 155.47 -0.23 Apple launches new ‘Today at Apple’ website as classes begin at retail stores globally Chance Miller - May. 16th 2017 12:29 pm PT @ChanceHMiller Apple Store View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple last month announced its new “Today at Apple” retail initiative that sees it put a heavier focus on educational and creative classes in its stores. Now, Apple has launched a new “Today at Apple” website dedicated to the retail efforts… Spigen TEKA RA200 Airpods Earhooks Cover On the website, Apple allows customers to view a schedule of upcoming classes and events, as well as to RSVP for ones in which they may be interested. All in all, the new website is similar in concept to what Apple had previously used for managing in-store events and classes. The difference, of course, is that there is now a much broader schedule of events as part of the Today at Apple program. The website also offers us a look at what sort of events Apple will be holding in its retail stores. For instance, there’s a new “Kids Hour” program where parents can bring their kids in to learn more about software such as GarageBand and iMovie. The “Kids Hour” also includes coding basics and robotics with Sphero products. In larger markets, such as New York and San Francisco, Apple has a handful of high-profile artists booked for performances, lectures, and speeches, as noted by Tech Crunch. For instance, Lil Buck, Charlie Puth, and Leon Bridges will perform in San Francisco, while Christopher Martin will perform in Brooklyn and Estelle in SoHo. Furthermore, there are “how to” sessions for things such as music creation, video editing, and more. There’s also an “Accessibility Basic” series that aims to help those with vision or hearing loss, or reduced mobility, use their Apple devices. Other classes include Studio Hours for project-specific help, Teacher Tuesdays, Pro-focused classes, live art, music labs, Field Trips, Apple camp, and more. For all of the information and to see what classes and events will be offered at your local Apple Store, head to Apple’s new Today at Apple website. Do you plan on attending any classes or sessions? Let us know down in the comments. Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more news and reviews!   Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Pioneer AppRadio 4 with CarPlay Dyson AM07 Tower Fan Levin 10-Port USB Charging Station Dock Guides Apple Store View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Computers This is the Retina MacBook Apple needs to make Chris Mills @chrisfmills May 16th, 2017 at 5:17 PM Share Tweet A new report suggests that Apple is planning on upgrading the entire MacBook line at WWDC, its big developer conference held at the end of May. Some upgrades we can already call: the new MacBook Pro and old MacBook Air line will probably get Intel’s latest version of Core i7 processor, and new iMacs are almost a lock. But beyond a minor spec bump, it’s difficult to know exactly what Apple plans to do with the Retina MacBook. Don't Miss: This new iPhone 8 leak has left us perplexed Right now, the Retina MacBook is sitting in a weird place. In many ways, it’s meant to be the definition of thin-and-light computing: good battery life, remarkably thin, and enough processing power to handle everyday tasks, and nothing more. But according to Apple’s own rationale, it’s made redundant by the iPad Pro, which is supposed to have PC-level performance in the convenience of a tablet form factor. Worse, the low-end specs of the Retina MacBook make it an easy target for cheap Windows laptops and high-end Chromebooks. Asus’s high-end Chromebook, for example, gets you the same CPU and RAM as the Retina MacBook for less than half the price. Sure, the build quality is prettier on the MacBook, but it’s also stuck with one single USB-C port. Even setting the price aside for a second, the Retina MacBook just isn’t a particularly appealing laptop anymore. Without the Retina MacBook as a viable option, Apple’s low-end options look weak. Sure, the MacBook Pro is a thin and capable computer, but even the cheapest option starts at $1,500. In a world of perfectly usable $300 Chromebooks, that’s a big ask. Long story short, Apple needs to do something to the Retina MacBook, and fast. It’s already ruled out the option of giving us the updated MacBook Air that we all want, so it’s time to double down and build a Retina MacBook that’s actually appealing. Realistically speaking, here’s what that would look like. The form factor has to stay more or less the same, which rules out much more power — there’s just not room. I expect Apple to start by adding a second USB-C port on the other side of the laptop, which gives far more versatility, and (best of all!) means you can charge from either side. When the Retina MacBook first came out, I suspect it was limited to one USB-C port because of the cost and size of the USB-C controller inside. These days, they’re much cheaper and smaller, and there’s no real reason not to put at least one port on each side. Do that, put in Intel’s latest Core m5 and at least 8GB of RAM, and you have a genuinely usable everyday laptop in a thin form factor. Drop the price down to $899 for a cheap model with 128GB of storage (have to make the savings somewhere), and you’d convert the majority of people looking at a fancy Chromebook. Tags: Apple, Retina MacBook View Comments Trending 1 Tech This new iPhone 8 leak has left us perplexed 2 Tech New report confirms highly anticipated Galaxy Note 8 feature 3 Tech Brand new HTC U11 did to the Google Pixel what the Galaxy S8 couldn’t 4 Tech WannaCry: Everything you need to know about the global ransomware attack 5 Tech Brand new photo of a silver Model 3 surfaces online Picked For You Tim Cook’s refusal to help FBI hack iPhone is validated by ‘WannaCry’ ransomware attack By Yoni Heisler 2 days ago New rumor suggests the Galaxy Note 8 will be even better than the Galaxy S8 By Chris Smith 2 days ago 5 HTC U11 features you won’t find on the Galaxy S8 or iPhone 7 By Zach Epstein 15 hours ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Skip to main content The Straits Times Tech Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper Apple Orchard Road opening on May 27 Close to midnight yesterday (May 16), workers were seen seen adding the opening date to the front facade of the Apple store at Knightsbridge mall to reveal the store’s opening date. ST PHOTO: TREVOR TAN Apple Orchard Road, the first such store in South-east Asia, will also host hands-on sessions called Today at Apple, which launches in all Apple retail stores across the world this week.ST PHOTO: LIM SIN THAI Published10 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/46HA Copy The store will have technical personnel who specialise in troubleshooting and repairs Trevor Tan Deputy Tech Editor trevtan@sph.com.sg The wait for Apple fans will be over soon. Apple Orchard Road - the official name of the Apple retail store here - will be opening its doors on May 27 at 10am. Close to midnight last night, workers were seen pasting the opening date on the white facade covering the front of the store at Knightsbridge mall. It is not only the first Apple retail store in Singapore, but also the first one in South-east Asia. The store will open daily from 10am to 10pm. News of the Apple retail store here first broke in October 2015, after a former tenant of the mall, the Pure Fitness gym chain, sent a letter to its members informing them of its closure to make room for the Apple store. Four other tenants were also moved. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up In an exclusive interview during the opening of the Apple Dubai Mall store last month, Apple's senior vice-president of retail Angela Ahrendts told The Straits Times: "We want to be on an iconic street, where people will naturally come, whether they are locals or tourists." This is especially so when it is the first store in the country and it allows Apple to build a beautiful signature store for that community, she said.   ST_20170517_TTAPPLEA_8_3140509.jpg Related Story From illustrations to iPhone photography: Apple’s Red Dot Heroes to host workshops Retail experts said the Apple store's location makes sense. Said Associate Professor Prem Shamdasani of the National University of Singapore Business School: "For more than a decade, Apple has been opening retail stores in very good locations in major cities globally to showcase its great products and enhance the brand experience for loyal fans and consumers. "Singapore's position as a vibrant and progressive global city in South-east Asia will help to reinforce Apple's brand leadership in the region," he said. As of April, Apple has 495 retail stores in 20 countries. Apart from selling Apple products such as iPhones, iPads and MacBooks, as well as accessories, the local Apple store will have staff who Apple calls Geniuses - technical personnel who specialise in troubleshooting and repairs of products. Apple Orchard Road will also host hands-on sessions called Today at Apple, which launches in all Apple retail stores across the world this week. Taught by Creative Pros, who are the liberal arts equivalent of Apple's technical Geniuses, these free educational sessions focus on the features of Apple products and allow anyone to learn skills like photography, illustration or coding. For the Singapore store, Apple has appointed 12 Singaporean creatives as Red Dot Heroes. They are people who have made a contribution in their fields like the arts, photography, music or film. They include street photographer Aik Beng Chia and illustrator Kristal Melson (see their profiles below), as well as film-maker Boo Junfeng and local singer Sezairi. These Singaporean creatives are similar to Apple's Creative Pros and some of them will conduct workshops in Apple Orchard Road. Experts also see possible learning points for the retail industry from the Apple store. "When you want to control the store experience, you need to own and operate it," said Mr Clement Teo, principal analyst at market research firm Ovum. "The bar for customer service in Apple stores and online is high, supported by trained Geniuses and expert advice from Creative Pros to help customers get the most out of their Apple products. Happy customers equal to loyal Apple customers," Mr Teo added. Contrary to popular belief, Apple Orchard Road will not signal the end of Apple premium resellers (APRs) like Nubox and Epicentre, and repair centres such as QCD Technology. "They (APRs) will continue to adapt and survive - especially in suburban areas," said Mr Teo. "Repair centres will be a great supplement to Apple for all sorts of warranty and repairs." In fact, Prof Shamdasani said that the Apple retail store will enhance the brand's value and attractiveness and help to expand the market for Apple products and services in Singapore, which, in turn, will benefit the APRs and repair centres. Apple Orchard Road will be run on 100 per cent clean energy using rooftop solar installations provided by Singapore-based solar energy provider Sunseap Group. iPhone and MacBook user Chung Weifang is excited about the new Apple store here. The 33-year-old communications executive said: "There is nothing like buying a product from the brand's flagship store, where the customer experience begins the moment one steps into the retail space." A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Straits Times on May 17, 2017, with the headline 'Apple Orchard Road opening on May 27'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  APPLE RETAIL ORCHARD ROAD More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/46HA Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content lg_a125972_2017may15_300x200_td.jpg 5 reasons why the LG Signature OLED TV W is a game-changer Merck_A125676_20170501_300x200 Women are at higher risk for anaemia ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path PCMagPicks GoogleProjectTreble FallCreatorsUpdate WannaCry WaymoVsUber Menu Subscribe Home / Reviews / Laptops & Notebooks / Report: Refreshed Apple Laptops Expected at WWDC Report: Refreshed Apple Laptops Expected at WWDC By Tom Brant May 16, 2017 03:59pm EST 10 Comments Don't despair, MacBook Air fans: Apple might breathe new life into the aging laptop by updating its processor, Bloomberg reports. The MacBook Air was upstaged and neglected by last fall's new touch-enabled MacBook Pro, but Apple might not be ready to kill it just yet. According to a Tuesday Bloomberg report, Apple plans to refresh its laptop lineup at WWDC next month. Citing people familiar with the matter, Bloomberg reported that Cupertino will announce internal makeovers for its laptops at the annual developers conference, which is scheduled for June 5-9. The MacBook Pro will get a new Kaby Lake Intel processor, and the 12-inch MacBook will get a faster chip as well. Less certain is the MacBook Air's future: the computer that in large part ushered in the ultrabook era is still selling surprisingly well, but Apple seems hesitant to update it. At last October's MacBook Pro unveiling, Apple Senior Vice President Phil Schiller said the new touch-enabled portable is better than the Air "in every way," and implied that Air users looking to replace their laptop should go with the new Pro. Related The Best Laptops of 2017 The Best Laptops of 2017 Apple may be rethinking that suggestion, with Bloomberg reporting that the company has considered putting a new processor in the Air. While the Air has received component upgrades in the past, it's been almost seven years since Apple made major design changes to it. Meanwhile, a BGR report citing sources close to Apple on Tuesday suggests that another aging Apple product—the iPad mini—is being phased out. An Apple spokesperson did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the rumors. If Apple does announce refreshed laptops at WWDC, it will be the first such announcement at the conference since 2013, when the Mac Pro launched. Apple has recently preferred to make hardware changes at smaller dedicated events, such as the one last October that unveiled the MacBook Pro's new Touch Bar. Back to top Previous : Upgrade the Surface Laptop to Windows 10 Pro for Free By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom Facebook Fined for Illegal Data Sharing in France French and Dutch regulators said that Facebook user data, including peoples' sexual preferences, was... More » YouTube TV Boosts Lineup With 7 New Channels Get ready to watch AMC, BBC America, and more at no additional cost. But note that several major cab... More » Philips Hue Gets New White Ambiance Bulbs, Fixtures New additions to the Hue lineup are aimed at people looking to adjust the shade of light from their ... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles WannaCry Ransomware: What You Need to Know Google I/O 2017: What to Expect 8 Creepy Sounds Recorded in Space by NASA 11 Signal App Tips for Secure Chats Windows 10 Fall Creators Update: 7 Things to Check Out How a Retired Nurse Provides Her Small Vt. Town With Internet »See More //Related Reviews Acer Chromebook 14 HP Spectre x360 13 (2017) Apple MacBook Pro 15-Inch (2016) Asus ZenBook 3 (UX390UA) The Best Laptops of 2017 //Discover... The Best Laptops of 2017 26 Google Maps Tricks You Need to Try 19 Hidden Roku Tricks for Streaming Success »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/why-tesla-needs-to-fear-1494942707 Stocks to Watch Why Tesla Needs to Fear… Tesla's biggest competition could come from well-capitalized tech firms like Apple and Alphabet, not auto makers like General Motors and Ford, one analyst says. By Ben Levisohn May 16, 2017 9:51 a.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Yesterday, Morgan Stanley analyst Adam Jonas and team downgraded Tesla (TSLA) after upgrading it in January. The argument was relatively simple: Tesla's shares had rallied above Jonas' price target, and he felt no need to raise that target. So down Tesla's rating go. Illustration: Getty Images But in the report, a deep-dive deluxe into Tesla, Jonas also wrote of his fears that Tesla needs to worry about competition from the likes of Apple (AAPL) and Alphabet (GOOGL), not Ford Motor (F) and General Motors (GM). And in a note today ostensibly about the deal between Alphabet's Waymo and Lyft, he touched on that theme again: Our recent downgrade of Tesla Motors to EW from OW is, in large part, related to our concerns that the world’s largest and best capitalized tech firms will enter the market of shared, electric and automated transport soon. One of the biggest concerns we have about the ‘end-state’ of shared mobility from a Tesla perspective is the risk that other firms could enter the market as a competitor, offering the mobility service from, say, New York to Boston or from Santa Monica to LAX at a loss... just to get access to your time and data... the chance to monetize your journey for paid search or to sell you content. Apple (covered by Katy Huberty) may not want to make a car for the sake of getting into transportation. Apple may want to turn your car into a mobile Apple store. You see the difference? And we know what happens when companies don't care about profit margin, don't we? Shares of Tesla have gained 1.2% to $319.67 at 9:45 a.m. today, while Apple has dipped 0.2% to $155.34, Alphabet has advanced 0.2% to $961.50, General Motors has declined 0.3% to $33.71, and Ford Motor risen 0.6% to $11.01. Text Size Regular Medium Large Ben Levisohn ben.levisohn@barrons.com • @Ben_levisohn PREVIOUS Morning Movers: Dick's Sporting Goods Drops; Home Depot Gains, Pfizer Falls NEXT Why TJX is Tanking Most Popular AMD Unveils ‘Epyc’ Server Chip, ‘ThreadRipper’ 16-Core PC Chip AT&T, Verizon’s 5G Will Be a Cable Killer First, Say Cowen The Biggest Winner: AMD Advances 11.6% Why Is J.C. Penney Up Today? Disney Declines To Pay Ransom To Hackers Latest In Stockstowatchtoday Blog Latest In Stockstowatchtoday Blog Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1369, 15 May 17 #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 #1362, 27 Mar 17 #1361, 20 Mar 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Fantastical 2.3.7 PopChar X 7.7.1 Default Folder X 5.1.5 OmniFocus 2.9.1 OmniOutliner Essentials and Pro 5.0.3 Tweetbot 2.5 1Password 6.7.1 ChronoSync 4.7.6 and ChronoAgent 1.6.2 Typinator 7.2 Pages 6.1.1, Numbers 4.1.1, and Keynote 7.1.1 for Mac     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Tech News | 16 May 2017 | Print  | Comment (1) New CMD-D Conference Targets Automation by Adam C. Engst Well, this is exciting — the Apple world has a new conference dedicated to automation on 9 August 2017 in Santa Clara, California. CMD-D offers a packed 13-hour day of sessions on many aspects of scripting and automation. For those new to automation, there’s an optional Scripting Boot Camp on the day before, 8 August 2017 (more details on that will be forthcoming). The conference is organized by Mr. Automation himself, Sal Soghoian, with help from Macworld Expo producer Paul Kent and PR veteran Naomi Pearce. It’s sponsored by the Omni Group and Apple device management firm JAMF. The speakers lined up so far are top-notch, which I would say even if they weren’t all friends. Sal knows more about Apple automation than anyone, and he’ll be talking about power features of AppleScript, AppleScriptObj-C, and JavaScript for Automation that even most experts don’t know. John Welch has been in the admin trenches for longer than I can imagine and will be talking about when automation is a must and when not to bother. Jon Pugh was one of the original members of the AppleScript team and will be talking about how AppleScript was created. Andy Ihnatko… well, everyone knows Andy, and he is slated to discuss automation as a martial art practiced against “tedious, repetitive work.” And finally, Jason Snell, who has become one of the premiere podcasters in the Apple world after leaving Macworld, will be hosting a live Six Colors podcast session with the speakers on the present and future of automation. Other sessions include a deep dive into Automator, automation’s role in managing hundreds or thousands of iOS devices, how to use the Apple-acquired Workflow to automate tasks in iOS, an introduction to the Omni Group’s cross-platform scripting solution for their apps, and even an open-mic automation slam for attendees to share their most impressive solutions while competing for an award. I hope it’s a big shiny gear. CMD-D will take place in the Santa Clara Convention Center, which is near the San Jose International Airport and not far from the airports in both San Francisco and Oakland. You can register independently for the CMD-D conference and the Scripting Boot Camp for $295, or sign up for both for $590. That’s early bird pricing, which is good through the middle of June; after that, each day’s fee goes up to $395 and the two-day pass increases to $790. Lunch and afternoon snacks are included.   PDFpen and PDFpenPro 9 add 100+ enhancements to improve your PDF editing experience, with annotations, Tables of Contents, and more export options. For PDF reviewing, editing, signing, redacting and exporting, PDFpen has you covered. <http://smle.us/pdfpen9-tb>   Comments about New CMD-D Conference Targets Automation To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Sal Soghoian has developed a new conference called CMD-D that focuses on his specialty, automation, and features top speakers like Andy Ihnatko, John Welch, Jon Pugh, and Jason Snell. It’s August 9th in Santa Clara, CA. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Richard Fairbanks  2017-05-17 02:40 I (and many others) really wanted Apple to adopt Hamish Sanderson’s SwiftAutomation for 10.13, but apparently not enough people responded (or Apple is still addicted to its “not-invented-here” dogma). Hamish’s AppScript was an inspirational start, and SwiftAutomation would have been a long-held dream come true. Apple’s (Sal’s?) choice to use JavaScript for system-level automation was a new low point, among many, going back decades. (How many people remember WestCode Software’s OneClick?) Apple continues to slowly and methodically “dumb down the herd.” These are very dark days for Mac system-level automation; that Hamish is not a speaker at CMD-D is a glaring omission. Adam, for decades, I have had great respect and appreciation for you and your crew!, but this page is just hype over a dying carcass. Blessings to you, Tonya, and to everyone at TidBITS! ReplyEdit  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Adam C. Engst TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1369, 15 May 17 #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 #1362, 27 Mar 17 #1361, 20 Mar 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Fantastical 2.3.7 PopChar X 7.7.1 Default Folder X 5.1.5 OmniFocus 2.9.1 OmniOutliner Essentials and Pro 5.0.3 Tweetbot 2.5 1Password 6.7.1 ChronoSync 4.7.6 and ChronoAgent 1.6.2 Typinator 7.2 Pages 6.1.1, Numbers 4.1.1, and Keynote 7.1.1 for Mac     Related Articles Apple to Deprecate 32-bit iOS Apps (15 May 17)     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. iPhone iPad iPod | 16 May 2017 | Print  | Comment (0) TidBITS News Shows How an Old 32-bit iOS App Becomes 64-bit by Matt Neuburg As Adam explained in “Apple to Deprecate 32-bit iOS Apps” (15 May 2017), Apple has been slowly tightening the noose on 32-bit apps, first introducing 64-bit processors in new devices, then requiring that newly submitted apps include a 64-bit “slice,” then permitting submission of apps without a 32-bit slice, and now warning users that 32-bit-only apps won’t run in future systems. You may even now be seeing some favorite old app threatened with extinction. And you may be wondering why the developer doesn’t just update it for 64-bit and keep it alive. If the App Store no longer lists this app, there’s your answer: the developer is no longer paying Apple the annual $99 membership fee and thus isn’t actively maintaining the app. But even for an active Apple Developer Program member, updating an old app to 64-bit isn’t so simple. True, it’s usually trivial to turn on 64-bitness and recompile the app. But when an app project is opened and compiled with the latest version of Xcode, it is linked against Apple’s most recent system software development kit (SDK). That changes everything. The most recent system is iOS 10, and the app may not be ready for iOS 10. Reviving TidBITS News -- Let’s take as an example the TidBITS News 2.0 app that I’ve just updated for iOS 10. It was last compiled against the iOS 6 SDK. So how did it manage to keep running in iOS 7, 8, 9, and 10? Basically, the device’s system has been giving TidBITS News a lot of help, essentially by pretending to be iOS 6. A screenshot of the old TidBITS News app next to the new one is a dead giveaway: On the left, you see TidBITS News running under iOS 10; but it doesn’t look like an iOS 10 app. There’s a separate black status bar (and there’s a black linen-weave background, visible behind the date display, that Apple abandoned years ago). This is iOS 10 emulating iOS 6. Compare that to the new TidBITS app on the right. iOS 10 apps have a transparent status bar; the navigation bar, with its gradient background color, stretches up behind it. (I’ll talk about other interface changes later.) And the app’s look is the least of our worries. To compile and run as an iOS 10-native app, TidBITS News must speak iOS 10. Technically, it must adopt the iOS 10 application programming interface (API) — the way an app talks to the runtime. A lot has changed under the hood, since iOS 6, in how you do that. That’s why, following the publication of my developer book “Programming iOS 6,” I’ve had to write four subsequent editions (entitled “Programming iOS 7” and so on). To revive TidBITS News, therefore, I effectively had to rewrite the code from scratch as if I were creating the same app today, doing things the iOS 10 way. Luckily, TidBITS News is a fairly small, simple app; it has only three “scenes” — the master view (the list of article headlines and blurbs), the detail view (one complete article), and the player view (for listening to a recorded version of an article). But imagining a much more elaborate app, you can appreciate why a developer might not be willing to recast an old 32-bit app as 64-bit — it could be more work than it’s worth. (And the fact that Apple forces all updates to be given away for free means that it will generate absolutely no income from existing users. Is it any wonder apps are abandoned?) The rest of this article describes how the iOS 10 TidBITS News app differs from the iOS 6 version. If such technicalities don’t interest you, just download the new TidBITS News and check it out! Even if you’re not a developer, however, you might find the details to be an interesting illustration of how much iOS has changed in just four years. Language -- The iOS 6 programming language was Objective-C. With iOS 8, Apple introduced Swift, and I chose to rewrite the new TidBITS News in Swift because that has made the app’s code much easier for me to read and maintain. I’m sorry, diehard Objective-C fans, but I just find Swift a lot more elegant and legible. On the downside, switching to Swift makes the app a larger download, because a Swift app must include the entire Swift language — Swift isn’t yet built into your device’s system the way Objective-C is. Split View -- On an iPhone, the TidBITS News app is a navigation interface: you see just the master view, and when you tap a headline/blurb listing, it is replaced by the detail view. On an iPad, TidBITS News appears as a split view, with both those “scenes” together, the master view on the left and the detail view on the right. In iOS 6, the split view was an iPad-only widget. That meant that TidBITS News was effectively two apps in one, with two completely different interfaces and two distinct sets of code for dealing with them. Nowadays, the split view is native to both the iPad and the iPhone. To cope with the iPhone’s smaller size, the split view automatically collapses so that it looks and behaves like the old navigation interface. This change made the rewrite simpler, although managing a split view so that it looks and works correctly under all circumstances turns out to be rather tricky. Player -- The iOS 6 TidBITS News app plays an online recorded article using a widget called MPMovieController. Apple abandoned that widget some time back, replacing it with AVPlayerViewController. This change has given me more control over how the player view appears. There used to be an ugly QuickTime logo that I couldn’t get rid of; that logo is now gone. On an iPhone, the player view covers the screen; on an iPad, it is inset somewhat, with the rest of the interface visible darkly behind it. This is much less obnoxious on the large screen, I think. (You, the user, can make the player itself fullscreen, but my advice is: don’t. If I could have found a way to prevent you from doing this, I would have.) iPad Split Screen -- Return with me now to those halcyon days in 2010 when I first wrote TidBITS News. In those primitive times, developers worshipped a magic number: 320. The iPhone was 320 pixels wide, and that was an immutable fact — so much so that I had actually hard-coded it into the app. The iPad, too, came in only one size, and the split view master display was also 320 pixels wide. In effect, the iPad’s master display was an iPhone inside the iPad. Over the years, as Apple has introduced more hardware, iPhone screens have become wider and iPads have become bigger. As if this weren’t bad enough, iOS 9 introduced split screen mode, which lets users of modern iPads slide another app’s interface in from the right side. You can even resize the split to make two apps share the screen simultaneously. I found coping with this to be the hardest part of the rewrite — so hard, in fact, that for a time I contemplated opting out of this feature entirely. (There is a switch for turning it off in the app bundle’s system settings.) The difficulty is two-fold. First, depending on the device and the size of the split, the app effectively changes from an iPad app to an iPhone app, and then back again when the user removes the split, in real time. Second, the range of possible sizes, and in particular the range of possible aspect ratios, that the app can adopt is bewildering, ranging from exceedingly tall and thin to virtually square. This turn means that a split view’s master view can have even more possible widths. A modern app’s interface must, therefore, be planned so as to cope with these changes. I think I’ve managed to do that, but honestly, I’m not entirely certain. I wish Apple had never introduced this feature. Decisions, Decisions -- Other design changes were more or less elective surgery: I changed the fonts of the headline/blurb display in the master view because I wanted to adopt Dynamic Type — the font size depends on your setting in Settings > Display & Brightness > Text Size. I removed the label at the top of the master view telling when you last updated from the RSS feed, freeing more screen real estate. That information is now visible when you slide the master table down to reveal the refresh control. The detail view now shows the article’s title statically at the top so you know what article you’re reading even as you scroll through its body. (The title is offset downward for a complicated reason: it’s a tappable link, but Apple extends the tappable area of the navigation bar buttons downward, so that in trying to tap the title, when it was flush up against the navigation bar, I found myself accidentally tapping a button instead.) The iOS 6 detail view displays an article’s content in a UIWebView. The modern-day analog is WKWebView; UIWebView still exists, but it’s no longer under active development by Apple, so I’ve chosen to adopt WKWebView. I don’t think you’ll be able to tell the difference. When you tapped a link in the detail view, you used to be rocketed into Safari. That was a pity, because it took you out of the TidBITS News app, perhaps accidentally. iOS 9 introduced the SFSafariViewController, which effectively allows a Safari process to be embedded inside another app; I’ve now adopted that feature. (If, however, you preview a link on a device with 3D Touch, you can still end up in Safari; I hope to change that in a future update.) One major feature of the iOS 6 version is actually missing in the iOS 10 version: state saving and restoration. This won’t matter to you until you run TidBITS News, background it to use another app, and come back later to find that iOS has killed TidBITS News in the background. In an ideal world, you wouldn’t even notice this had happened because you would be able to pick up right where you’d left off. In the new version, however, if iOS decides to reclaim the memory TidBITS News was using, you won’t return to the story you were previously reading. Instead, the app starts from scratch, goes out on the Internet to get a new copy of the feed, and starts over at whatever is now the first article. Fortunately, TidBITS News is relatively tiny, so it’s less likely to be expunged from memory than most apps. I hope, in some future update, to add state restoration back in. Give It a Try! -- I’m fond of the TidBITS News app. It’s how I read TidBITS! Just as important, I use it as a teaching tool, because it illustrates a number of fundamental aspects of standard iOS app architecture. So I wanted to keep it going, and I’ve used the threat of extinction under the new 64-bit regime as an excuse to do so. If the old TidBITS News app was too crusty for you, I hope you’ll give the new version a try. It’s free, and will remain so as long as I maintain it.   Make friends and influence people by sponsoring TidBITS! Put your company and products in front of tens of thousands of savvy, committed Apple users who actually buy stuff. More information: <http://tidbits.com/advertising.html>   Comments about TidBITS News Shows How an Old 32-bit iOS App Becomes 64-bit To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. Wondering why developers of old 32-bit iOS apps aren’t just recompiling their code to be 64-bit happy? Matt Neuburg explains what’s going on, using the free TidBITS News app that he has just updated as an example. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment There are no comments on this article.  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Matt Neuburg TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 25° | Max. 34° Air Quality: PSI 38-52 We set you thinking Wednesday 17 May 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Learning Minds Special Health & Wellness Special newstream World Gunmen attack state TV station in Afghanistan 1495003808 Singapore Celebrating #OneNationTogether in NDP 2017 1494993600 World Greeks join nationwide strike over new round of bailout reforms 1495003054 Lifestyle Why you should experience budget travel at least once 1495003619 World Shariah court in Indonesia sentences gay couple to caning 1495003619 World Australia considers banning laptops from airliner cabins 1495003617 Business U.S. stock futures, dollar fall on rising concerns over Trump 1495002484 Lifestyle ‘Vending machine’ in Singapore dispenses super cars 1495002715 Business Chinese state media says U.S. should take some blame for cyber attack 1495001465 China&India China installs rocket launchers on disputed South China Sea island: Report 1494999420 World Merkel's conservatives extend lead over Social Democrats: poll 1494999733 Business VW's JV in China to recall nearly 600,000 vehicles over fuse fault 1494997486 World Venezuela death toll rises to at least 42 1494978440 World Malaysia’s sole North Korean restaurant closes down 1494995813 World Honduras moves 773 gang members to complete prison shake-up 1494994414 World Trump asked Comey to end investigation of Michael Flynn: source 1494985364 Sports After beating UFC in Asia, ONE Championship chief says he’s just getting started 1494994080 Business Fewer than 10 U.S. organizations say were hit by ransomware attack: official 1494993801 World German government can save IP addresses to help stop cyber attacks, court rules 1494993801 World Mexican journalists mourn, protest after deadly day 1494968062 World Iran's re-engagement with the world at stake in Friday presidential vote 1494968171 World Teacher bikes 135km daily to teach Orang Asli kids 1494986760 Singapore Local bakery fined S$90,000 for unsafe working conditions leading to employee’s death 1494991915 World Japan restaurants spruce up uniforms to attract female hall staff 1494991011 World South Korea says it wants to reopen communications with North amid missile crisis 1494989992 World Babies from skin cells? Prospect is unsettling to some experts 1494988314 World At a besieged White House, tempers flare and confusion swirls 1494979560 World ‘Pay Trump bribes here’ projected on Trump hotel in Washington 1494987712 Sports Sentosa Golf Club raises S$200,000 for Arc Children's Centre, Assisi Hospice 1494986700 World Princess Mako, granddaughter of Japan emperor, getting engaged to commoner 1494987412 World Eight more corrupt policemen arrested in shakedown: Malaysia police 1494986818 World Factbox: Lawmakers want to see Comey memo on Trump meeting 1494986102 Singapore Man who left luggage unattended at Hougang Station charged with causing public nuisance 1494985200 Sports French Open had "moral responsibility" to deny Sharapova wildcard: federation chief 1494982500 World Malaysia should follow Singapore’s tripartite system in combating wage stagnation: Think-tank 1494985010 Sports Tennis star Eugenie Bouchard's lawyers accuse USTA of destroying footage of her fall 1494983640 China&India Chinese mother who refused to give up disabled son nurtures him all the way to Harvard 1494983880 World Malaysia eyes sale of Proton as Mahathir’s auto power dream dies 1494984112 Daily Focus US teen dies of caffeine overdose 1494982315 Singapore Apple store along Orchard Road to open May 27 1494971340 Business Singapore exports dip in April, ending growth streak 1494981000 World U.S., Mexico bolster efforts to combat deadly tide of fentanyl 1494974136 Singapore Slow immigration clearance at Woodlands, Tuas not due to cyber attack: ICA 1494940020 World Trump asked then-FBI director Comey to end Flynn investigation in February: Memo 1494979009 Business S&P 500, Dow end session flat, tech boosts Nasdaq 1494967262 Singapore Spain police find Singapore ship captain drifting at sea 1494976980 World Mexico expects NAFTA talks by late August: economy minister 1494976814 Business World's rich confident they can scale wall of global risk: survey 1494976164 World Trump trade officials prefer tri-lateral NAFTA deal: U.S. senators 1494974675 Singapore Fire at Changi T2 leaves thousands stranded 1494931500 Tech Apple store along Orchard Road to open May 27 The storefront of Apple Orchard Road has revealed its opening date. Photo: Raymond Tham/TODAY mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:49 AM, May 17, 2017 Updated: 8:44 AM, May 17, 2017 SINGAPORE — After a long-anticipated wait, Singapore’s first Apple store will finally open for business on May 27 at 10am along Orchard Road. The opening date was announced late Tuesday night (May 16) in a notice pasted outside the tech giant's upcoming store at Knightsbridge Mall. This came two weeks after the store’s name — Apple Orchard Road — was revealed. Plans for the Apple store at Orchard Road, South-east Asia’s first, were leaked nearly a year and a half ago. In October 2015, a former tenant at the mall, Pure Fitness, informed its members saying it was closing down in order to make way for Apple. Several events have been arranged for Apple Orchard Road's opening. Local singer Sezairi, for instance, will be performing at the store from 5pm to 6.30pm on May 27. Local photographers, film makers, musicians, illustrators, developers and entrepreneurs will also be conducting a series of educational sessions at the store once it is open. This will come under the Today at Apple programme which launched worldwide on Wednesday. On May 28, photographer Chia Aik Beng will be holding a session about street photography in Singapore from 11am to 12.30pm. There will also be a session for kids on movie making on May 31 from 10am to 11am. Available sessions can be found at https://www.apple.com/sg/today/. Apple Orchard Road is expected to occupy four floors of the Knightsbridge Mall — from Basement 1 to Level 3 — according to construction plans that were placed at the storefront’s barricade previously.  In November 2015, Singapore-based solar energy provider Sunseap Group said it was providing Apple’s operations in Singapore — including the Apple Orchard Road store — with 100 per cent clean energy using rooftop solar installations. Apple’s current corporate office at One North is also entirely powered by solar energy, making the company the first in Singapore to run exclusively on renewable energy mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Singapore READ COMMENTED “Good progress” made in containing oil spillage after recent collisions “Bedding-in” period of several months to be expected for DTL2: Khaw ‘Zero tolerance’ for religious preaching that fans violence: Shanmugam ‘You have made Singapore very proud today’: PM Lee to Yip Pin Xiu ‘Wrecked dorm’ videos an isolated incident: SCDF ‘Vending machine’ in Singapore dispenses super cars ‘Imperfect’ pottery taught cancer survivor acceptance When it comes to milk powder, price is not the only consideration Watching from farm to fork: Keeping food in Singapore safe in the global era Warm nights, wet days for the rest of May Veteran vendors at Sungei Road flea market ready to move on Two workers successfully rescued at Punggol construction site fire Two S’pore companies try new high-tech farming processes Two more engineering firms win contracts for S’pore-KL HSR project Trade deal with Singapore must be ratified by all nations: EU court Inside Today World Gunmen attack state TV station in Afghanistan Shariah court in Indonesia sentences gay couple to caning Australia considers banning laptops from airliner cabins Greeks join nationwide strike over new round of bailout reforms Merkel's conservatives extend lead over Social Democrats: poll Business U.S. stock futures, dollar fall on rising concerns over Trump Chinese state media says U.S. should take some blame for cyber attack Oil drops on rising U.S. crude inventories, defies expected supply cut extension VW's JV in China to recall nearly 600,000 vehicles over fuse fault Dollar pressured by U.S. political turmoil, strong eurozone data Sports After beating UFC in Asia, ONE Championship chief says he’s just getting started Sentosa Golf Club raises S$200,000 for Arc Children's Centre, Assisi Hospice Tennis star Eugenie Bouchard's lawyers accuse USTA of destroying footage of her fall French Open had "moral responsibility" to deny Sharapova wildcard: federation chief Plazibat salvages away draw for Home in AFC Cup match against Global Entertainment Interactive art to feature at new kids’ Biennale Arab TV series dramatises life under IS Zac Efron to star as serial killer Ted Bundy in new movie﻿ Mandopop singer Show Luo to perform in S’pore on Aug 12 Foo Fighters to perform at National Stadium on Aug 26 About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/16/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/16/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 3 Top Electronics Retailers to Buy in 2017 Amazon has been growing the fastest, but it's not the only smart play in the space. Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) May 16, 2017 at 4:58PM While the overall physical retail market has struggled, consumer-electronics sales have been booming, and you can largely thank Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) for that. The online giant, which passed Wal-Mart as the No. 2 electronics retailer in 2016, was expected to pass Best Buy (NYSE:BBY) for the top spot, according to Quartz. To put Amazon's impact into perspective, the company accounted for 90% of the $5.6 billion growth the consumer-electronics industry in 2015, according to an analyst note from Deutsche Bank sent in June 2016. That's an impressive feat for the online leader, but its success doesn't mean there's no room for other successful electronics retailers. Amazon is absolutely a must-buy in this space, but so are Best Buy and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). Best Buy is kind of the last man standing when it comes to traditional electronis retailers on a national level. Image source: Best Buy. Best Buy has turned itself around There were a number of years when it seemed Best Buy would join Circuit City and Nobody Beats the Wiz in the retail graveyard along with Crazy Eddie. Amazingly, however, CEO Hubert Joly has led the company back. In 2012, when he took the job, the electronics retailer lost $3.36 per share. In its recently completed fiscal 2016, Best Buy reported diluted EPS of $3.74, up from $2.30 the previous year. The chain has steadily lost sales, but it has managed its expenses well and stopped what could have been a slide to oblivion by making major changes. The biggest of the may be matching Amazon's prices. That stopped the practice of showrooming, where consumers did their research at a Best Buy, eating up resources, and then bought on Amazon. The bricks-and-mortar retailer has also improved its stores by making them destinations with partner store-within-a-store concepts from Apple, Microsoft, Samsung, and various others. Amazon is the king Calling Amazon an electronics retailer is a bit like describing Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson as a reality-TV producer. Yes, he does have that job title, but it only describes a small part of what he does, Similarly, Amazon is an electronics retailer -- the largest one in the world, as I noted -- but the company doesn't even break out the category when it reports earnings. Amazon is a top electronics retailer because it's a top-everything retailer. The company, which grew sales by 23% year over year to $35.7 billion, is simply good at leveraging its audience to sell pretty much anything. In electronics, however, Amazon has helped itself by creating its own products. Though the company doesn't releases sales figures in this area, either, it has achieved some success with its Fire tablet line, its Kindle e-readers, and Fire TV. Recently it has what appears to be a major hit with its Echo family of products, which contain its Alexa artificial-intelligence-powered voice-controlled assistant. Apple has a lucrative niche Again, Apple is certainly not an electronics retailer first, but it does run a chain of stores. Those stores, according to 2016 data from eMarketer, have the highest sales per square foot of any retail chain. In fact, the iPhone maker came in at $5,546 a square foot, dramatically ahead of second-place Murphy USA, and nearly double third-place Tiffany & Co. The company generates sales that high because nearly everything it sells, aside from some cases, earbuds, and a few other items, costs more than $100. In addition, while Apple products are sold elsewhere, including Best Buy, the company's retail stores offer the Genius Bar, where consumers can make appointments to get technical help, receive training, and have broken products examined. Apple currently has 495 retail locations globally, as well as its online store. CFO Luca Maestri provided some detail during the company's Q2 earnings call, which was transcribed by Seeking Alpha (registration required): Our retail and online stores produced great results, with strong revenue growth in all our geographic segments and 18% growth overall. Visitors to our retail and online stores were up 16% over last year, and we added four new stores during the March quarter. And with the opening of our store in Dubai last week, we're now at 495 stores in 18 countries. The company has smartly limited the amount of stores it opens to make each one more special but not have so few that consumers can't access them. Apple has a nearly perfect retail strategy where its stores support its products, while also keeping customers happy and generating a staggering amount of sales for their square footage.  Daniel Kline owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon and Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Daniel B. Kline is an accomplished writer and editor who has worked for Microsoft on its Finance app and The Boston Globe, where he wrote for the paper and ran the Boston.com business desk. His latest book, "Worst Ideas Ever," (Skyhorse) can be purchased at bookstores everywhere. Follow @tworstideas Article Info May 16, 2017 at 4:58PM Consumer Goods Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.47 down $0.23 (-0.15%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $966.07 up $8.10 (0.85%) Best Buy NYSE:BBY $51.82 up $0.66 (1.29%) Read More What Investors Might Have Missed in the Market Last Week It's Time to Stop Doubting Best Buy Before You Buy Best Buy Stock, Here Are 3 Things You Need to Know Why Best Buy Co Inc. Stock Gained 40% in 2016 It's Beginning to Look a Lot Like an E-Commerce Christmas Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 3 Top Electronics Retailers to Buy in 2017 @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $AMZN, $BBY
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple The entire MacBook line is getting updated this month, report claims Yoni Heisler BGR News May 16, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Over the past few years, Apple’s WWDC event has been a decidedly software-only affair, with nearly all the focus centering on upcoming iterations of iOS, macOS, and more recently, watchOS and tvOS. This year, however, WWDC will be a tad more exciting. Don't Miss: This new iPhone 8 leak has left us perplexed Amid reports that Apple has plans to introduce a brand new Siri-based smart speaker and iPad Pro at WWDC next month, we’re now getting word that Apple in just a few weeks may also unveil a revamped MacBook Pro and a few other surprises. According to a fresh report from Bloomberg, Apple at WWDC may announce three new notebooks, including a updated MacBook Pro, a new MacBook model, and last but not least, a new MacBook Air. Apple is planning three new laptops, according to people familiar with the matter. The MacBook Pro will get a faster Kaby Lake processor from Intel Corp., said the people, who requested anonymity to discuss internal planning. Apple is also working on a new version of the 12-inch MacBook with a faster Intel chip. The company has also considered updating the aging 13-inch MacBook Air with a new processor as sales of the laptop, Apple’s cheapest, remain surprisingly strong, one of the people said. Incidentally, reputed analyst Ming-Chi Kuo is on record stating that Apple’s 2017 MacBook Pro refresh will include support for 32GB of RAM. Word of a varied Apple notebook refresh is certainly exciting, especially for users who haven’t yet pulled the trigger on Apple’s new MacBook Pro with the Touch Bar. Upon its initial release last Fall, Apple’s flagship notebook was lambasted for being overpriced and underpowered. With a refresh on the horizon, the MacBook Pro will at the very least provide users with more bang for their buck. Additionally, it’s reassuring to see that Apple hasn’t completely forgotten about the MacBook Air. Indeed, the last time Apple significantly refreshed its svelte notebook was back in 20 Trending right now: This new iPhone 8 leak has left us perplexed Brand new HTC U11 did to the Google Pixel what the Galaxy S8 couldn’t 5 HTC U11 features you won’t find on the Galaxy S8 or iPhone 7 See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Meet this new apple-picking robot Yahoo Tech Mars rover reaches site that scientists still can’t explain BGR News Control your Roomba with just your voice via this new Alexa integration Yahoo Tech Scientists just discovered something incredible about the dinosaur-killer asteroid BGR News Pogue's Basics: How to create a search-and-replace macro in Word Yahoo Tech We noshed on Nougat, and Android 7.0 is Google’s sweetest update yet Yahoo Tech Build your own DIY video game console Yahoo Tech The wireless over-ear headphones that beat Beats are back on sale on Amazon BGR News The first flying car is available for pre-order Yahoo Tech Intel and AMD are going to war with next-gen CPUs BGR News
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple can 'easily enter most markets through M&A' Wayne Duggan, U.S. News & World Report May 16, 2017, 5:18 PM 828 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple CEO Tim Cook (center)Getty Every time Apple Inc adds a billion dollars to its market cap, the question of what the world's largest public company can do to keep growing becomes more and more important. Following another strong quarterly earnings report, Apple now has a market cap of $816 billion. According to a new report from Bank of America analyst Wamsi Mohan, Apple has a number of potential growth avenues to pursue in coming years with addressable markets worth hundreds of billions of dollars. Before Apple shareholders even contemplate the company entering uncharted business territory, Mohan says Apple has plenty of growth potential left in its core businesses. "Apple still has room to grow and gain share in the traditional areas of smartphones, tablets, wearables and desktops/laptops," Mohan says. Bank of America estimates that Apple has a $350 billion total remaining available market in these core areas as it competes for market share with Samsung, LG Electronics and others. Outside of Apple's traditional businesses, Mohan says Apple could also choose to pursue a number of mostly untapped markets, such as TVs, streaming music and video services, virtual reality devices and intelligent home assistants. Mohan says the total addressable market for these non-traditional Apple businesses is more than $295 billion. And while competition in many of these markets is fierce, he says Apple wouldn't necessarily be starting from scratch. "Apple, with its immense net cash of $158 billion, can easily enter most markets through M&A," Mohan says. Earlier this month, Citi analyst Jim Suva said he estimates there is a 40 percent chance Apple will buy Netflix (NFLX) and a 25 percent chance Apple will acquire Walt Disney Co. (DIS) to make a big splash in the streaming video market. In addition to the non-traditional businesses mentioned, Mohan says Apple could also choose to make a major push into the health care business with monitoring devices and the premium auto business, which represents roughly a $700 billion global available market. Based on Mohan's analysis, it seems the larger Apple grows, the more growth opportunities that open up for the company. Bank of America maintains a "buy" rating for Apple and has raised its price target for the stock from $155 to $180. Read the original article on U.S. News & World Report. Copyright 2017. Follow U.S. News & World Report on Twitter. SEE ALSO: 5 companies are carrying the S&P 500 NOW WATCH: Colonel Sanders' nephew revealed the family's secret recipe — here's how to make KFC's 'original' fried chicken Loading video... More: US News & World Report Apple facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple can 'easily enter most markets through M&A' Apple can 'easily enter most markets through M&A' Every time Apple Inc adds a billion... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Markets Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple set to kill off the iPad Mini: Sources reveal the firm will NOT update the diminutive device Source revealed Apple will stop releasing new updates for the iPad Mini Noted that sales have declined and users prefer larger phones over smaller iPads Not clear if Apple will still continue to sell the devices after it pulls the updates  By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 16:09 EDT, 16 May 2017 | Updated: 16:20 EDT, 16 May 2017 e-mail 18 shares 20 View comments Apple’s iPad Mini was not an overnight success, as it received lukewarm reviews in 2012, but in a few months after the release, it was deemed ‘the best tablet ever’. However, news has surfaced that the tech giant is set to discontinue the lovable 7.9-inch iPad ‘sometime in the future’. Sources close to Apple have revealed that the firm will not push out any new updates for the iPad Mini in a bid to phase out the devices that have experienced a decline in sales. Scroll down for video  News has surfaced that the tech giant is set to discontinue the lovable 7.9-inch iPad ‘sometime in the future’. Sources close to Apple have revealed that the firm will not push out any new updates for the iPad Min APPLE'S IPAD MINI SPECIFICATIONS  Screen size: 7.9-inches  Resolution: 2048 x 1536  Pixels-per-inch: 326  Camera: 5MP rear-facing,  HD rear-facing Basic storage: 16GB  Price: From $399 Apple revealed the smaller iPad in 2012, while boasting users ‘can hold it in one hand’. ‘iPad mini is as thin as a pencil and as light as a pad of paper, yet packs a fast A5 chip, FaceTime HD and 5 megapixel iSight cameras and ultrafast wireless -all while delivering up to 10 hours of battery life,' said Apple's Phil Schiller at the special event in California. But the latest report has suggested that the device has lost its steam. BGR spoke with sources close to Apple that said the iPad mini has been ‘sized out of its own category’ – as many users opt for the larger handsets instead of a small iPad. However, it was not made clear to whether Apple would continue to sell the devices after it cuts the updates for good. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Just in case VR headsets didn't look strange enough:... Look familiar? Mark Zuckerberg shows off Instagram's... Warning over morality drug research as experts say trying to... The 'telepathy' ultrasound speaker that lets you communicate... Share this article Share 18 shares The iPad Mini seems to have run its course and the source noted that the sales speak for why Apple would kill it from its product. But the tech giant could also be making room for its next line of iPads – a 10.5in iPad Pro. Earlier this week it was speculated that the firm was set to release the large device at the World Developers Conference in June. Sources close to Apple said the iPad mini has been ‘sized out of its own category’ – as many users opt for the larger handsets instead of a small iPad. It was not made clear to whether Apple would continue to sell the devices after it cuts the updates for good The device is expected to resemble the 9.7-in model, but will boast a larger screen on the same chassis size with narrower bezels, and comes amid falling global tablet sales.  KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo shared the predictions with 9to5Mac, in which he said there is more than 70 percent chance the new 10.5-inch iPad Pro will also make an appearance.  Kuo described the iPad as 'an all-new design', as it will have the same chassis size as the 9.7-inch model, but will boast a larger screen. It is believed that the device will mirror the design of Apple's upcoming iPhone 8. And Kuo speculates that Apple will ship about six million 10.5-inch iPad Pros this year.   Read more: KGI: Apple likely to launch 10.5-inch iPad Pro and Siri Speaker at WWDC alongside new software | 9to5Mac Apple News on iPhone, iPad and Macbooks | Daily Mail Online Apple to discontinue iPad mini as device gets squeezed from both ends ¿ BGR Share or comment on this article e-mail 18 shares Most watched News videos Deer crashes into family's home and refuses to leave Hilarious moment Saudi man makes enormous blunder doing the dab Driver miraculously survives after head-on crash splits car in half Female security guard viciously punched by man in Chicago Artist projects protest slogans on Trump International Hotel in DC Foul-mouthed woman goes berserk inside Sprint store First Marine Corps recruitment ad with female fighters Tiny Pug puppy tries desperately and fails to climb stairs Shocking video of busy road almost set ABLAZE by lightning strike Flames engulf synagogue in New York's Lower East Side Passenger has pizza delivered to stalled Amtrak train Trump shared secrets with Russia according to reports American retirees are hoarding their cash and many are... Ford will cut 20,000 jobs - 10 percent of its global... That was fast! Video shows how much faster Formula One... Father-of-three Southwestern Montana deputy is killed in... Louisiana State House passes a bill that protects... A filthy commute! DC's Union Station information screen... Former cook at caviar and champagne bar in LAX claims he... Florida's lieutenant governor catches a 15-foot-long... Michigan doctor has his license suspended after he... Mother of a child with a pre-existing condition pleads... The moment a young lion pounces at a toddler visiting the... Heart-melting moment a mother panda cuddles and comforts... Trump 'told Comey to JAIL journalists who publish... Fired Attorney General Sally Yates again warns that there... Flash fire burns 11 children and leaves one trampled in... Not true: Kellyanne Conway responds to Morning Joe claims... Trump 'risked life of Israeli spy who is embedded in... Queen of storytime! 'Lil Miss Hot Mess' drag act has kids... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 20 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read UFO hunters spot a strange 'flying disc' speed past the International Space Station on a Nasa live feed Mobile phones that charge in just five minutes could go on sale NEXT YEAR Watch the Earth 'breathe': Stunning animation shows Earth's vegetation changing over the course of a year Four-story glass doors, 'breathing' walls, patented pizza boxes and a two-story yoga room covered in... Satellites spot surging glacier in the Arctic moving at 13 metres a DAY for the first time since the 1930s BlackBerry working with Aston Martin and Range Rover to develop remote scanner for cars that can tell if... Apple to overhaul its laptop lineup: Sources reveal the firm will unveil THREE new Macbooks next month Netflix and stalk: Samsung adds location tracking app to its TVs Global warming has put New Zealand's Yellow-eyed penguins on the brink of extinction The ultimate eye in the sky? Researchers reveal mini facial recognition blimp The 11 year old 'cyber ninja' who stunned experts at a security conference by hacking their phones and... Apple set to kill off the iPad Mini: Sources reveal the firm will NOT update the diminutive device First true-colour images of Saturn taken during Cassini's final orbits reveal the planet's permanent... Patents reveal Apple's plans for an edge-to-edge display and embedded Touch ID sensor for the iPhone 8 Crew on board Henry VIII's Mary Rose 'to be identified using DNA' 500 years after the warship sank MORE HEADLINES Killer whales wage war on great white sharks: Gruesome aftermath of a brutal battle between the predators Popularity of virtual reality porn rises by 250% in just one year with 500,000 X-rated videos streamed every day UFO hunters spot a strange 'flying disc' speed past the International Space Station on a Nasa live feed Four-story glass doors, 'breathing' walls, patented pizza boxes and a two-story yoga room covered in distressed stone to look like Steve Jobs’ favorite hotel: The staggering decadence of Apple's lavish $5bn Spaceship HQ First true-colour images of Saturn taken during Cassini's final orbits reveal the planet's permanent 120-mile-wide hurricane in stunning detail Patents reveal Apple's plans for an edge-to-edge display and embedded Touch ID sensor for the iPhone 8 The 11 year old 'cyber ninja' who stunned experts at a security conference by hacking their phones and showing how to 'weaponise' a smart teddy bear Space time 'fluctuates wildly' claims new theory that could shed new light on how the universe is expanding Forget fidget spinners! Mini ROLLERS are set to be the new craze to help relieve stress Apple set to kill off the iPad Mini: Sources reveal the firm will NOT update the diminutive device Human sacrifices were buried ALIVE in South Korea 1,400 years ago to bring luck to structures built on their remains Apple to overhaul its laptop lineup: Sources reveal the firm will unveil THREE new Macbooks next month Look familiar? Mark Zuckerberg shows off Instagram's Snapchat-style face filters (and immediately gets called a nerd on his own site) It keeps getting hotter! Last month was the world's second warmest April EVER recorded, NASA reveals Satellites spot surging glacier in the Arctic moving at 13 metres a DAY for the first time since the 1930s MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Incredible shrinking man: Brad Pitt looks thinner than ever in oversized suit as he poses next to Netflix exec at War Machine premiere in NYC 'We were all Edward Norton the whole time': Brad Pitt and Stephen Colbert contemplate existential conundrums on the Late Show Some big questions Thrones fit for (the sister of) a Queen! If you thought bride-to-be Pippa's $130,000 glass marquee was over the top, wait until you see the luxury PORTALOOS at her $425,000 wedding Having a spliff-ing time! Khloe Kardashian 'WAS holding marijuana joint on Costa Rica episode of KUWTK' She is a supposed non-smoker  Japanese princess 'gives up her royal status to marry a 'beach tourism' worker': Emperor's granddaughter will lose her position 'No pool, no problem': Former beauty queen Katherine Webb shows off toned abs in navy bikini while bonding with 11-month-old son Tripp She's a former Miss Alabama  Royals turn out for Queen Elizabeth garden party - as Kate reveals she is 'slightly nervous' about how George and Charlotte will behave at her sister's wedding  She certainly has a type! Taylor Swift is 'secretly dating' unknown British actor Joe Alwyn... just months after split from Tom Hiddleston Meet Taylor Swift's new beau Joe Alwyn: The London-born rising star who has won over big-name directors with his 'disarming humility'... and still lives at home with his parents Amy Schumer and Ben Hanisch split after a year and a half of dating but will 'remain friends' The comedienne and furniture-maker have called time on their relationship  Miley Cyrus shows off toned tummy in black crop top and tight jeans while promoting her new album...after revealing Katy Perry is her oldest friend Kim Kardashian's personal assistant says Kris Jenner 'can get on the phone and change the world' as she dishes about what it's like working for reality clan Singer Mary Lambert reveals she was molested by her father as a child and gang-raped as a teen Revealed personal details about her childhood traumas Rob Gronkowski rekindles romance with Patriots cheerleader as pair head to a wedding where NFL star strips to the waist to celebrate his 28th birthday Not birthday present! Megan Fox is pretty in purple as she celebrates turning 31 with girlfriend... as Brian Austin Green runs errands in LA 'I'm happy when things are simple': Anne Hathaway reveals she is more 'satisfied' with life since welcoming son Jonathan She's loving motherhood 'This is the result of two babies and no strenuous exercise': Vegan blogger posts enviable bikini snap to show what a diet of 'abundant plant foods' can do for your body Always chic! Cindy Crawford hits fashion high note in sophisticated figure-hugging black dress at LA bash She is 51 Fergie is reunited with the American former lover she once spied on through a restaurant window after he married another woman and broke her heart 'I just like this better': Gwyneth Paltrow explains why she put acting career on hold to dedicate time to her lifestyle empire Goop She hosted a seminar Bumping along! Pregnant Whitney Port shows off her growing baby belly as she runs errands in LA...and complains about her swollen feet Robin Thicke vs. stepmom: Alan Thicke's sons go to war with late actor's wife as they claim she's threatening them with bad press to get more of his estate 'Sex addict' Scott Disick, 33, takes Bella Thorne, 19, to dinner then whisks her off to two hot spots... as Kourtney Kardashian gets closer to a model Love runs out! Team Gwen crashes out of The Voice finale as Jesse Larson's dramatic instant save keeps Team Adam's hopes alive Feeling chilly? Goldie Hawn has a pal help her bundle up in a bright pink hoodie... after Snatched scores a $17.5million opening weekend White hot! Shanina Shaik flaunts taut torso in flirty two-piece at friend's bridal shower She was at the event in West Hollywood on Tuesday Mark Ronson and wife Josephine de La Baume 'divorce after five and a half years together... citing irreconcilable differences as reason for their split' Need a training day? Denzel Washington is unrecognizable in what appears to be a fat suit on set of new movie The 62-year-old was in Santa Monica, California Hailee Steinfeld flashes flesh in semi-sheer cutout dress at Billboard's Women in Music event She was the epitome of sophistication  Pretty in pink! Kourtney Kardashian wears casual hoodie with sky high heels as she takes son Mason out in Beverly Hills She's a mom-of-three Star in stripes! Christina Milian cuts a stylish figure emerging from Nicole Williams' bridal shower Leaving Hyde Sunset Kitchen + Cocktails in West Hollywood  Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves arrives for consultation at Harley Street... after being refused risky operation to alter his eye color in India 'J-Lo would marry A-Rod if he asked': Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez are 'already talking marriage' after two months of dating 'Very serious' Peace and love! Jennifer Lopez rocks Good Vibes sweatshirt and ripped jeans during outing in New York The pop star, 47, stepped out solo In her party dress! Mandy Moore sports flirty animal print skirt and chic black blouse at star-studded bash The 33-year-old This Is Us star Shady lady! Halle Berry rocks a fedora and sunglasses as she heads to lunch with a mystery man in LA The 50-year-old tried to go low-key  Is she finally dating? Caitlyn Jenner heads out for coffee in Malibu with mystery blonde She looked like she was enjoying some company on Tuesday   Playmate who body-shamed a 70-year-old woman on Snapchat tells Twitter followers to be 'positive' or she will block them as her trial date is set for violating privacy laws Roseanne Barr reunites with TV husband John Goodman as reboot of classic show is announced Roseanne celebrated its revival in style Do you have a permit? Kanye West resurfaces in Malibu and parks in handicap spot... after spending weeks in Wyoming mountains At Nobu in Malibu Bachelor star Chris Soules avoids public court appearance AGAIN with a written not guilty plea for fatal crash which killed his neighbor In Aurora, Iowa 'A normal American dad': Michael Jackson plays father figure in new trailer for Searching For Neverland He was music royalty - but he didn't want to be Age-defying Pamela Anderson, 49, goes braless as she teases abs and famous cleavage in chic separates at Global Gift Gala in Paris Killer curves! Model Jessica Gomes shows off her enviable physique and EXTREME cleavage during swimwear photoshoot in Sydney A recipe for love! Anthony Bourdain, 60, flaunts his romance with Italian star Asia Argento, 41, as he posts snap of them cuddling on grassy knoll Belle of the ball! Lea Michele is a showstopper in gleaming strapless dress at ABC Upfronts in New York A cleavage-baring dress  Bethenny Frankel called the Real Housewives of Atlanta reunion 'disgusting' and 'gross' Not a fan of the Bible-quoting attorney Phaedra Parks 'Was there a kiss?' Andy Cohen helps single contestants find their match in new trailer for upcoming dating show reboot Love Connection Looking for love 'I ate and drank to cope with being single': Aspiring bodybuilder who has never had a girlfriend undergoes $7,000 tummy tuck to boost his confidence after losing weight Gigi Hadid's stalker grins in court two years after his repeated attempts to break into supermodel's NYC pad forced her to sell the $2.5M property 'Don't believe everything you read': Mayim Bialik dismisses rumor Big Bang Theory costars took '$100k an episode paycuts' for her and Melissa Rauch Amicable exes! Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana sent singer 100 flowers for her 51st birthday They have a child together Casual cool! Margot Robbie gives a peek at her toned tum in white crop top and patchwork denim as she hits market in Hawaii Celebration hasn't stopped Jessica Simpson's father Joe is 'free of prostate cancer' six months after diagnosis was confirmed He begun radiation treatment in February Biker chic! E! host Ksenija Lukich flashes legs in monochrome showstopper at Australian Fashion Week event A leggy display Pretty in peach! Demi Lovato hits the runway in trenchcoat with matching silk midi skirt at LAX She was dressed to impress  Kerry Washington sizzles in bold red and hot pink mini dress...as it's revealed why Shonda Rhimes decided it was time to end Scandal 'These are actually Cheryl's trousers!': Liam Payne confesses the $1,900 designer gear he is wearing belong to his 'fashionista' girlfriend They've just had a baby Oops they did it again! Britney Spears' sons terrorize singer with another on-camera prank  Jayden, 10 and Sean, 11, scared mom in kitchen Making the cut! Vanessa Hudgens shows off tum in striped crop top while leaving hair salon after chopping her dark locks She donned shades His clothes are too big now! Newly slender Brad Pitt swims in his Benjamin Button grandpa gear as he hits The Late Show Looking trim Lucky girl! Gina Rodriguez is gorgeous in green as she arrives for talk show appearance... before cuddling up to fellow guest Brad Pitt In NYC Deadliest Catch star skips court to go on the run a month after being arrested in a 'stolen car with Xanax and crystal meth' Was due in court Friday Heating things up! Hollywood heartthrob Zac Efron arrives in Sydney with co-star Alexandra Daddario ahead of Baywatch film premiere Salma Hayek shows off quirky style in structured leather jacket and green plaid skirt as she arrives at P. Diddy film screening in London Their hips don't lie! Shakira and Becky G flash the flesh at Univision's 2017 Upfront in NYC Some very sexy outfits on show She's got a lot to smile about! Reese Witherspoon looks summer ready in jeans and a floral top from her clothing line Draper James Pippa is set to wear her hair up for the big day - with the help of Kate's personal hairdresser  The Duchess of Cambridge's stylist, Amanda Cook Tucker Eva Longoria oozes golden glamor in dazzling flapper-style frock as she leads superstar red carpet arrivals at her Parisian Global Gift Gala Explained: How NFL star Antonio Cromartie is having ANOTHER baby despite getting a vasectomy - making him a father of 13 He's had the snip Beauty in blue! Youthful Naomi Watts, 48, shows off her slender figure in silk dress as she heads to New York gala Posing up on the red carpet Dancing With The Stars pro Anna Trebunskaya, 36, reveals she is expecting a baby boy with boyfriend Nevin Millan Happy news for couple Supermodel Winnie Harlow oozes elegance in silk robe layered over a tiny bralet for P Diddy film screening She looked effortlessly elegant  Roseanne reboot featuring Barr, John Goodman and Sara Gilbert officially greenlit for eight episodes at ABC The hit TV series was on air from 1988 until 1997 Miss USA Pageant flops with viewers for a second year under Fox's management after NBC ditched broadcast rights in 2015 when it was run by Trump Cold-shoulder chic! Jenna Dewan dazzles in cut-out top and midi skirt for New York outing The actress is currently doing promotional rounds Katy Perry CONFIRMS she will become a judge on American Idol reboot adding she's 'honored' to be a part of the iconic show It's official! EXCLUSIVE: Blame it on Michelle Pfeiffer! It wasn't Sarah Jessica Parker or Kim Cattrall who put kibosh on Sex and the City 3 - it was the elusive Pfeiffer Rita Ora commands attention in striking black evening dress ahead of ABC presentation... as she is unveiled as host of new talent show Boy Band Michael Moore is making an 'explosive' new Trump documentary titled Fahrenheit 11/9 in his first partnership with Harvey Weinstein since 2004 What a difference a wig makes! Penelope Cruz gets into character as Donatella Versace with help of long hairpiece on American Crime Story set Recovered from the weekend? Anna Friel, 40, looks spring-chic in flowing floral dress... after getting close with Stranger Things star Charlie Heaton, 23, at the TV BAFTAs   Beauty trends gone viral! This week, POM POMS are replacing eyeshadow, confetti hair is bringing the party to the salon, and contouring gets colorful So much for basic black and white! Ariel Winter steps out in a tight structured bodice as she heads to a daytime meeting Dresses to get noticed Series creator Shonda Rhimes confirms Scandal will end after seven seasons but promises they will 'leave nothing on the table' The ABC drama 'You have a distorted view of yourself': Lily Collins explains how her role as an anorexia sufferer enabled her to see how she looked to others after struggling with the disorder 'Her birth was a breeze!' Bristol Palin posts photos of her baby girl Atlee Bay while sharing details about family life - including surprise move to Texas Ricky Martin takes a break from American Crime Story set as he shows off banging body in tiny swim shorts The 45-year-old actor relaxed in South Beach  Here comes the bridesmaid! As Margot Robbie takes on Maid of Honor duties, FEMAIL rounds up 20 stylish and affordable bridal party dresses for every type of wedding 'Everybody knows you make the best actors': Jeff Goldblum praises stars Down Under as actor says Australia produces the greatest talent Olympic gymnast Simone Biles puts her sassy 'Smiling doesn't win gold medals' retort from Dancing With The Stars on a tank top - but still gets voted off  show Uncle Gary is ready for the wedding of the year: Black sheep who was caught boasting about drugs poses in a picture of his smart new suit online ahead of Pippa's wedding Regrets! Kim Kardashian swears off pizza and ice cream after epic chow down with Jonathan Cheban in NYC as she's back to working out in LA Only the best! Kylie Jenner, 19, rents stunning clifftop mansion in Beverly Hills for $125k a month Splurging big on palatial pad with five bedrooms 'South Africa is incredible!' VIP Justin Bieber SKIPS line at Table Mountain's Cableway in Cape Town Took advantage of fame and hopped barrier Feisty Emma Stone serves up plenty of feminist spirit as tennis hero Billie Jean King in new trailer for Battle Of The Sexes with Steve Carell Bye bye bling: The Bachelor's Lauren Bushnell 'will need to RETURN her 95k engagement ring to ABC' following split from Ben Higgins Bill Cosby says he will NOT testify at his sexual assault trial next month, saying he's worried he might mess up his own defense while being questioned PICTURED: Stranger Things star Charlie Heaton, 23, gets cozy with actress Anna Friel, 40, at TV awards in London Set tongues wagging Playboy model Dani Mathers' last-minute attempt to avoid trial for flouting privacy laws by body shaming a naked 70-year-old woman in an LA gym is denied  Leisurely Lara! Bingle cuts a casual figure and dotes on precious six-month-old son Racer as she dines at the luxurious Hotel du Cap-Eden Roc Sam Worthington's wife 'The men were getting paid more': Kirsten Dunst reflects on Spider-Man salary and reveals was asked to lose weight for her latest movie role The jury's out! Jessica Chastain complements her trademark flame-red tresses with chic crimson gown as she joins fellow Cannes judges for lunch  'Bad human kill apes': Gun-toting Woody Harrelson attacks apes as epic violence erupts in War For The Planet Of The Apes final trailer All hell breaks loose  'She's just as bad as he is': Courtney Love gets murdered by her sons in first Menendez: Blood Brothers trailer Teaser revealed moment Kitty was fatally shot  That's not A$AP! Kendall Jenner leaves cozy Italian restaurant with mystery man after partying with rapper Rocky at West Hollywood club The Bachelor announces a spinoff where singles compete for love in the SNOW... while Dancing With The Stars will have a junior edition He's not called Harry STYLES for nothing! FEMAIIL breaks down summer fashion trends and tricks inspired by the solo-going One Direction star She sure looks happy to be with the guy! Drew Barrymore beams in NYC with ex-husband Will Kopelman... after honoring him on Mother's Day And so it begins! Emily Ratajkowski flashes her abs in tiny black crop top as she leads the A-list arrivals in Nice ahead of the 70th Cannes Film Festival 'I've actually kissed many of these people!' Katy Perry reveals who she would rather in a Hollywood matchmaker game on Ellen Her big confession   Naomi Campbell looks chic in semi-sheer lace top and black trouser suit as she supports friend P. Diddy at star-studded London screening of his documentary film Elle Fanning dazzles in sparkly statement shades as she goes makeup-free for her arrival in Nice ahead of the Cannes Film Festival Confident in own style  Workout hard with a vengeance! Scout Willis is trim toned and terrific as she heads to a pilates class in West Hollywood with a stomach-flaunting look  'I need to study': Australian actress Jessica McNamee is trading up Hollywood for university as she returns home as a student The Vow actress 'We love you!': Teresa Giudice offers a prayer for RHONJ co-star Dina Manzo after she's beaten and bound during home invasion robbery Terrifying incident for star Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves shares a kiss with female companion during night out... after doctor rejects his bid to alter eye color in India Her royal shyness! Crown Princess Mary of Denmark reduces a nervous toddler to tears as she attends the opening of a food center in Aarhus 'Enjoy the book, you're the one writing it': Jon Bon Jovi surprises New Jersey college graduates with live performance at their commencement  Plagiarizing Elle Woods? Trump's commencement address casts striking similarities to Reese Witherspoon's Legally Blonde character Don't stop 'til you get enough (coffee): Paris Jackson cuts a casual figure with a friend in LA after stunning on Teen Vogue cover Michael's girl in demand She wears heels everywhere! Hilaria Baldwin poses on a slide with four-inch pumps as she pays visit to NYC park with husband Alec and their three kids Something to tell us? Liam Payne calls Cheryl his WIFE during radio interview... as he speaks about dealing with 'diaper duty' following birth of baby son Bear Aaron Hernandez's fiancée denies he's gay, says his 'prison lover' lied about suicide note and explains why she thinks his last letter to daughter may be forged Is THIS Pippa Middleton's wedding dress? Women arrive at bride-to-be's home carrying white garment bags - and Kate's hairstylist is there too 'She's the ultimate pop star': Miley Cyrus gushes about little sister Noah as she cuts stylish figure in midi dress and fedora Flashed flesh in sexy top Poppy Delevingne sports a trendy varsity jacket as she and husband James Cook celebrate their wedding anniversary at P. Diddy film screening 'Chugging bubbles on a private jet!': The Detour's Natalie Zea kicks up a leg as she sips champagne while heading to New York City for TBS event Taking a break from mom duties! Irina Shayk pats her stomach two months after welcoming baby with Bradley Cooper as she's seen solo in NYC 'Don't give up. Don't quit. Persist!' Chelsea Clinton echoes mom Hillary's words as she encourages young women to play SPORTS and have active lifestyle Lorde dons Dior and Daisy Dukes in ELLE... and reveals pals in her native New Zealand call her a 'weird old dowager with a nice house' Keeping it humble  Curvy Amber Rose causes a commotion in a LBD in Miami... but then opts for a relaxed look to jet back to LA Model's mood reflected by hoodie message 'Your passing has left me destroyed forever, but I know you are at peace': Rosario Dawson 'finds her 26-year-old cousin dead in her Los Angeles home' Jimmy Kimmel will return as host of 90th Academy Awards for second consecutive year... as comedian is lauded as 'one of finest hosts in Oscar history' Riverdale's Lili Reinhart claps back at critics for villainizing her after she tweeted about how the show 'saved' her during her depression Tyga's former fling Demi Rose flaunts her ample cleavage in an array of raunchy skin-flashing snaps Model sizzled as she posed topless  'They need to do a whole reboot!' Paula Abdul rules out returning to American Idol The 54-year-old said while she was 'excited' to see the new version  Ivanka Trump barely cracks a smile as she steps out in floral frock amid controversy surrounding her dad sharing intelligence with Russia  Cigs And The City: Bella Hadid smokes cigarettes as she flashes a rare smile while dining at Eden Roc in France Attending Cannes  'It was beautiful': Newly engaged Emily VanCamp reveals fiance Josh Bowman proposed to her in the forest during a hike Actress opened up 'You've got to earn this': Michael Phelps is put through his paces by Dwayne Johnson as he tries out for job as Baywatch lifeguard in funny promo Melania Trump reveals that son Barron, 11, will attend $38,000 private school in Maryland as she praises its 'diverse community' and 'academic excellence' On his best behavior! Queen Mathilde gives son Prince Emmanuel a stern look as he accompanies her to a cello competition in Belgium 'I'm in shock': Simone Biles earns two sets of perfect scores but still gets eliminated during semi-finals of DWTS Judges Len and Carrie were stunned by result Tiffany Trump cheers on boyfriend Ross Mechanic as he graduates from University of Pennsylvania She graduated last year 'I was born with a platform, and I didn't want to waste it': Paris Jackson reveals why she's building a career in the public eye On cover of Teen Vogue  Having her for dinner! Yolanda Hadid's ex David Foster, 67, seen 'grabbing and kissing' Katharine McPhee, 33, while eating out at  restaurant in Malibu Hayden Panettiere's childhood home in Upstate New York goes on the market for $1.75M after parents' bitter divorce battle finally comes to an end 'Fashion should never make you feel bad!': Reese Witherspoon says 'rude, snotty' salespeople alienate shoppers... but her stores are 'fun' Brooklyn Beckham displays his typically grungy style in a beanie and gold chain as he larks around with crew members outside a photo shoot in London Jet setter! Eva Longoria dresses down for her flight to Paris to host Global Gift Gala First anniversary with third husband José Bastón this Sunday Jude Law's limited series The Young Pope gets spinoff as HBO greenlights The New Pope The show will be set in the modern Vatican USA women's soccer  legend Abby Wambach marries Christian mommy blogger....nine months after getting divorced from her husband Miss USA says she is 'PRIVILEGED' to have healthcare but it should be a right as she backtracks after firestorm over her pageant comments From chilling on the lawn with Jackie to having lessons on public speaking: Private photos show a 29-year-old John F Kennedy's first foray into politics Ferry dramatic! Tom Cruise takes to the River Seine to shoot stunt sequence as he continues Mission Impossible 6 filming in Paris Who needs Orlando Bloom when you have Paris? Katy Perry parties at Ms Hilton's mansion with Bella Thorne, Sofia Richie and Iggy Azalea She Cannes do no wrong! Bella Hadid dazzles in a silver jacket and chic patchwork jeans as she makes a stylish arrival at Film Festival in France  'I can't depend on Hollywood for jobs': Kim Cattrall, 60, hits out at ageism in film industry as she laments being cast as a 'grotesque, older woman' Saving the glamour for Cannes! Makeup-free Marion Cotillard does low-key chic in plaid shirt dress as she touches down in Nice for film festival Sir Richard Attenborough's Scottish vacation home where he entertained Hollywood stars is back on market for less than $800,000 after it failed to sell Miss Universe model Laura Dundovic reveals the secret to her washboard abs is lifting weights as she opens up about getting into the 'best shape of her life' Hear her Roar! Katy Perry showcases her vocal abilities as she's spotted by a fan filming Carpool Karaoke alongside James Corden Slimmed down Blac Chyna flaunts her tiny waist and bodacious derriere in tiny pink skirt and matching cropped bomber for night out On her finest form  Ravishing redheads Jessica Chastain, Julianne Moore and Susan Sarandon flaunt their style as they jet into Nice for Cannes Film Festival From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story The 11 year old 'cyber ninja' who stunned experts at a security conference by hacking their phones and showing how to 'weaponise' a smart teddy bear Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Welcome, Guest Log in | Register Home   Slideshows   Blogs   IT Downloads   Research Center   Newsletters   Sponsored Content IT Management   Data Center   Cloud   Careers   Mobility   Security   Enterprise Apps   Social Media   Big Data   Internet of Things Home      Blogs      Data And Telecom      It’s Time For Smart Watches Related Content Blog :  Virtual and Augmented Reality Continue to Mature Article :  Wearables in the Enterprise Take Different Path than BYOD Predecessors It’s Time for Smart Watches Carl Weinschenk |   Data and Telecom   |   Posted 16 May, 2017          |         |     Share The evolution of bring your own device (BYOD) work structures was linear: As mobile devices grew in power and sophistication, they were used more often by an increasing percentage of people at work. The corporate use of wearables is not as clearly mapped out, however. Consumer and corporate use is evolving in parallel. That makes sense since they were introduced into a world in which BYOD already existed. In some cases, corporate is ahead of consumer use of wearables. Indeed, wearables offer a world of useful tools to enterprises, from body cameras that can let an expert in the office see what a field worker is seeing to clothing that alerts workers to the presence of dangerous levels of gas. Smart watches are one of the early winners in the wearables category. Today, Samsung Electronics America and Hipaax introduced TaskWatch, an enterprise-grade platform that targets improved efficiency in the hospitality, retail and transportation sectors. The platform enables businesses to develop customized wearable interfaces that can integrate with the Samsung Gear S3 or Gear S2 smart watches. Earlier this month, Strategy Analytics released research that said that Apple is now the leading wearables vendor. It rose from 12.1 percent of the market during the first quarter of 2016 to 15.9 percent during the first quarter of this year. It is now just ahead of Xiomi, which had 15.5 percent of the market during the last quarter. Commentary in the press release says that the new Apple Watch Series 2 “is selling relatively well” in many regions. Computerworld has a nice roundup of how companies are using the Apple Watch. Capital One, for instance, has more than 40 apps that focus on collaboration, customer and info security issues. AETNA provides the device as part of its corporate wellness program. Other companies whose use of the Apple Watch are highlighted are SAP, Good Technology, Salesforce, SITA and IBM. The piece also relates potential corporate uses that Apple sees for the device. Security, of course, is key. ABI Research predicts that 14 million enterprise smart watches will ship in 2022, a huge increase from the 2 million it says will ship this year. The problem, according to the press release, is that wearables generally don’t come with enterprise-level encryption. Though solutions are available, the problem isn’t going to go away: ABI Research identifies several security solutions available to smartwatches, but with many enterprises touting bring-your-own-device (BYOD) policies and the mix of devices entering the workplace on the rise, potential breaches are harder to avoid. Addressable solutions include Enterprise Mobility Management (EMM), Mobile App Management (MAM), and Mobile Device Management (MDM). These solutions enable enterprises to automate the connectivity and management of devices on the corporate network. The bottom line is clear: Companies need to prepare support technology, security measures and necessary policies and procedures for an onslaught of smart watches and other wearables that will hit during the next half-decade. Carl Weinschenk covers telecom for IT Business Edge. He writes about wireless technology, disaster recovery/business continuity, cellular services, the Internet of Things, machine-to-machine communications and other emerging technologies and platforms. He also covers net neutrality and related regulatory issues. Weinschenk has written about the phone companies, cable operators and related companies for decades and is senior editor of Broadband Technology Report. He can be reached at cweinsch@optonline.net and via twitter at @DailyMusicBrk.   Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE            |         |     Share Add Comment      Leave a comment on this blog post Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled. Post a comment  Your name/nickname  Your email  WebSite  Subject (Maximum characters: 1200). You have 1200 characters left.     Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Property of Quinstreet Enterprise. Sitemap | Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | About Us | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright © 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2014 Quinstreet Inc. All right reserved.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Karma Drone: Australian Hands On GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Six Hours In An Aston Martin DB11 BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review Phone Reviews Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review BlackBerry KeyOne: The Gizmodo Review Samsung Galaxy S8: The Gizmodo Review Samsung Galaxy S8: Australian Review PC Reviews Synology RT2600ac: Australian Review Oree's Essential Keyboard Is A Beautiful, Expensive Wooden Treasure AMD Radeon RX 550: The Gizmodo Review Intel's Optane Memory Could Make Cheap Computers Fast Again Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Gadgets Reviews Hulu Live TV Is The Best Streaming TV Service Yet, But It Needs Some Work UrbanEars Should Stick To Headphones, Because Its Wi-Fi Speakers Are Garbage The Coolest Smart Home Innovations In 2017 Inspirational Tech From The Sydney Home Show Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews A Kid In King Arthur's Court Is The Dumbest Arthurian Legend Ever Told On American Gods, Belief Is Starting To Make The Impossible Happen  Turns Out King Arthur: Legend Of The Sword Is A Lot Better Than Anyone Expected The Magic In Sleight Makes Up For An Otherwise Familiar Tale A Kid In King Arthur's Court Is The Dumbest Arthurian Legend Ever Told On American Gods, Belief Is Starting To Make The Impossible Happen  Samsung DeX: The Gizmodo Review Metabox Alpha N850HK: Australian Review Smart Home & Gadgets Toyota Invested $500,000 In A 'Flying Car' That's Actually A Drone How To Look Good After A Long Flight Nerf Doomlands Negotiator And Persuader: Gizmodo's First Look Watch Adam Savage Combine Chewbacca And C-3PO Into One Glorious Costume Mobile Huawei Will Replace Your Cracked Phone Screen For Free The HTC U11 Is A Phone That You Can Squeeze Sony Xperia XA1: Australian Price And Availability Jeff Goldblum Was Almost The Voice Of Siri Car Tech Alfa Romeo Is Improving Its Car Factories With Samsung Smartwatches This Crash Between A 2015 And A 1998 Toyota Corolla Shows How Far Car Safety Has Come All We Need In Life Is A Mini With Billionaire Doors This Wildly Vulgar 27-Year-Old US Car Dealership Parody Ad Is Still F**king Great Online It Sure Looks Like The FCC's Anti-Net Neutrality Bot Problem Got Worse The Best Tech Deals From Click Frenzy 2017 Over 560 Million Passwords Discovered In Anonymous Online Database Trump Reportedly Shared Highly Classified Info With Russian Officials At The White House Science & Health Fly On A Treadmill Uncovers Potential Hearing Aid Problem Plants Can Tell Time Way Better Than You Can Adorable Tadpoles Become Hungry Murder Machines When Dad Goes Away South Australia's Electricity Is About To Get Cheaper Cameras A New York Time Lapse Like You've Never Seen So A Lion Found A GoPro It Took Three Years To Film This Spectacular Timelapse Of Hundreds Of Blooming Flowers Deals: How To Become A Professional Photographer In 30 Hours Computing Too Many Australians Are Still Using Windows XP Some HP Laptops Came With A Keylogger Pre-Installed Deals: Become An Android Dev For Real With This Training Bundle Microsoft's Apps Problem Has Never Been More Dire Gaming Deals: A PS4 Pro And Horizon Zero Dawn For Under $500 New Board Game The Captain Is Dead Is All About Surviving A Sci-Fi Horror Scenario Russian Blogger Sentenced To 3.5 Years In Prison For Playing Pokémon Go in Church You Can Watch A Starcraft II Match On Your Next Emirates Flight Entertainment In The First Trailer For The Crossing, Mysterious Migrants From A Future War Land In 2017 America Agents Of SHIELD And Inhumans Will Air Friday Nights In The US, But Let's Not Panic Yet Matthew Vaughn, Robert Zemeckis And Sam Raimi Have All Entered The Flash Movie's Potential-Director Roulette If The Last Jedi Really Has The Biggest Reveal In Star Wars History, What Could It Be? Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment The HTC U11 Is A Phone That You Can Squeeze Win! 10x Double Passes To See John Wick: Chapter 2 Malcolm Turnbull Likes To Netflix And Chill Scientists Just 3D Printed Ovaries (And They Worked) Apple Is Launching 'How To' Sessions In All Australian Stores Today Rae Johnston May 17, 2017, 7:00am ⋅ Filed to:  apple Australian Stories education feature how to Share Image: Apple If you head down to an Apple store today, you'll see a program of educational sessions on offer for the first time in Australia - covering everything from photo and video to music, coding, art and design. Dubbed "Today at Apple", the sessions will take place in every Apple Store, every hour (during store hours). In Australia alone there will be over 1,000 hours of free programming on offer each week. The hands-on sessions will be led by Apple staff, teaching sessions from basics and how-to lessons to professional-level programs. Here are some of the sessions on offer: Photo Walks Explore the world around you and improve your iPhone photography skills on an inspiring photo walk. Apple will take you to new places, show you how to create stunning shots, experiment with the latest accessories and share our best photography and editing tips. Sketch Walks Go on a fun walk to new locations and learn how to sketch, paint and draw with iPad Pro and Apple Pencil. Get back to basics and explore drawing techniques, and join other artists to create collaborative artwork. Basics New to iPhone, Mac or Apple? Let Apple help you get started with the basics and walk you through the fundamentals of your device. Apple will show you how to navigate, stay up to date and feel confident about your new product. There are sessions on iPad, iPhone, Apple ID and iCloud, Mac, Apple Watch, Apple TV, iPhone and iPad Intermediate and Mac Intermediate. How-To There are so many amazing things to do and create with iPhone, iPad, Mac and more. From writing your first line of code to running your business to editing music, let our Creatives show you how to do more of what you love — and need to do — every day. Sessions include Edit and Mix Music on a Mac, Sketch, Draw and Paint with iPad, Edit Photos on iPhone, Shoot Photos with iPhone, Record Video with iPhone, Get Started with Coding, Edit Video on Mac and Grow Your Business. Studio Hours Bring a project you're working on or want to get started, and Apple's Creatives can help. Drop in anytime for 90 minutes, or stay for the whole session. Kids Hour An adventure awaits each week as kids create fun, hands-on projects. Designed to spark imagination and creativity, kids will explore coding, storytelling, illustration, movie making, music and more. Teacher Tuesdays Connect with teachers like yourself to collaborate and learn new skills through hands-on projects. Apple will help you explore all the ways you can engage students aged five to 18, manage your classroom, and create learning experiences using iPad. For more information, check out the Today at Apple website. WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Win! 10x Double Passes To See John Wick: Chapter 2 Campbell Simpson 17 May 2017 1:15 PM The sequel to the incredibly awesome, no-holds-barred action-fest John Wick is out in cinemas tomorrow. And we're giving you the chance to win one of 10 double passes to go see it. Want to watch John Wick. Chapter 2 with a mate for free? Here's how. Crunching The Numbers On The Tesla Solar Roof Lindsay Handmer 15 May 2017 2:30 PM Last week, Tesla announced Australian pre-orders for its solar roof, with installations starting in 2018. The idea is fantastic - replace your house roof with solar tiles that look good, generate power and are even more durable than existing options. But in the real world, is it worth the price? We crunch the numbers to find out. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Here, Have Some Military Grade Torches Deals: Become An Android Dev For Real With This Training Bundle Deals: Protect Your Privacy Anywhere In The World With This VPN Deals: Grow Your Programming Skills With This Massive Course Bundle Trending Articles 1 Win! 10x Double Passes To See John Wick: Chapter 2 2 Crunching The Numbers On The Tesla Solar Roof 3 The 15 Best Science Fiction And Fantasy Noir Films In The First Trailer For The Crossing, Mysterious Migrants From A Future War Land In 2017 America Plants Can Tell Time Way Better Than You Can It Sure Looks Like The FCC's Anti-Net Neutrality Bot Problem Got Worse Alfa Romeo Is Improving Its Car Factories With Samsung Smartwatches Time To Enjoy This GTA Hot Tub And Take A Big Sip Of Beer The 15 Best Science Fiction And Fantasy Noir Films Evangelion VR Puts You In The Pilot's Seat, Literally Valve Making Big Changes To Steam Trading Cards To Combat 'Fake Games' Hump Day Deals: Best Of Click Frenzy 2017 How To Deal With Weird Job Interview Questions Australian Government Contemplates In-Flight Laptop Ban How To Write A Resume From Scratch [Infographic] The 10 most important things in the world right now Scott Morrison is making bank execs sign confidentiality agreements before they can see the draft levy legislation Business Insider Australia is hiring a commercial editor to join the team in Sydney AUSTRALIAN STOCKS SLUMP, BANKS HIT: Here's what you need to know © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums CNET Magazine Latest Stories Subscribe Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Commentary The key to a happy smart home? A stew of virtual assistants Google and Amazon are wrestling to be your smart home assistant, and companies like Apple and Microsoft aren't far behind. But you shouldn't commit to just one company. Tyler Lizenby/CNET Smart Home by Ashlee Clark Thompson May 16, 2017 11:31 AM PDT @AshleeEats Enlarge Image The Google Home (right) and the Amazon Echo both want to be your one-and-only smart home hub. Tyler Lizenby/CNET It's appropriate that the CNET Smart Home is located in Louisville, Kentucky -- the concept of the home is a bit like a Kentucky dish called burgoo. This stew is a medley of whatever meat you have on hand (be it beef, pork, chicken, mutton, rabbit or a combination) and some mixture of tomatoes, corn, potatoes, onions and lima beans. You throw your ingredients together in a pot, cook it for hours and boom, there's dinner. Smart home technology might be flashier than a catch-all country stew, but the idea is the same. Companies large and small have rushed to create products that take ordinary household items and connect them to the internet and one another. The sheer quantity of products available means that a smart home isn't much more than a burgoo of plugs, lights, switches, cameras and whatever else you want to buy to piece together a system that works for you. Companies like Google and Amazon have made a case for bringing some order to the smart home mishmash with help from their virtual-assistant-powered smart speakers. The Google Home and Amazon Echo can each be a unifying device that ties together all of these internet-connected devices. They can control smart home devices like thermostats or light bulbs directly, or through other families of products like Wink and SmartThings as well as automation programs like IFTTT. Google and Amazon's approach encourages monogamy in your smart home. Pick a smart home speaker, then outfit the rest of your home based on what devices are compatible to your smart speaker's AI. Turn a smart-home burgoo into bisque. This is the wrong approach, at least right now. More from Google I/O 2017 Google I/O 2017: What to expect Google Home and Assistant one year later: What now? A look back at Google I/O highlights See all Google I/O 2017 news Google is rumored to be expanding the use cases for its Google Assistant, the digital helper that's the brains behind the Google Home smart speaker, at tomorrow's I/O annual developers conference. Google Assistant competes against Amazon's Alexa voice assistant, Apple's Siri and Microsoft's Cortana. Each assistant represents just a sliver of what's possible when you combine artificial intelligence, voice commands and internet-connected devices. But you'd be happier if you used more than one manufacturer's AI and products for your smart home. Yes, it would be great to have a centralized smart home system in which you'd only have to interact with one main device, such as a smart speaker, or a unified interface, like Apple's HomeKit. And there are products that have attempted to be that whole-home solution, such as the custom, expensive Control4 luxury home automation system. But we're still a ways away from the Disney movie fantasy of a smart home that predicts our every move and automatically operates every component of the house. As we've seen at the CNET Smart Home, there isn't a universal system that connects every product to the smart speaker or smart assistant of your choice. We ask Siri to open the shades, Alexa to start a sous-vide water bath and Google Home to walk us through recipes. Though we're seeing more products that work with more than one assistant (just take a look at iDevices), some integrations just work better than others. And there is some freedom in being able to pick and choose the assistant that works best for you and your devices. 18 Here's everything the Google Home can do It can be a headache to have to choose from so many assistants and speakers and platforms. But there's beauty in this stew. The tech giants are scrambling to outdo one another's AI, which means their platforms will keep improving. In the past couple of weeks, Amazon has announced two new iterations of its Echo line of speakers (the Echo Look and the Echo Show) and a Echo-to-Echo call feature. Google has recently added a recipe feature to its Google Assistant, and we expect the company to announce more updates to the AI tomorrow. We still haven't seen the smart speaker that will house Cortana, and a Siri-powered smart speaker is rumored to debut this year. You can pick products that work for you, and bounce from assistant to assistant to get the best use out of them. It would be silly to tie yourself down to just one system when there are updates and new products coming out so frequently. This variety of products will let you build an a-la-carte smart home experience that's more personalized than you would get if you stuck with just one AI. It's OK if you prefer to use Siri to turn the lights on, but you want to tell Google Assistant to play Marvin Gaye through your Google Home. Now is the time to build and embrace your own smart-home burgoo. 21 These smart home gadgets work with both Siri and Alexa Share your voice 0 comments Tags Google I/O 2017 Smart Home Amazon Google Microsoft Apple HomeKit More stories 'Alexa, what did I miss?' Amazon introduces voice notifications Google Assistant could cook your dinner, wash your clothes Google Home and Assistant one year later: What now? Best Smart Home Devices of 2017 Close   Discuss: The key to a happy smart home? A stew of... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Why Android is likely safe from a WannaCry-like attack Amazon's newest Echo wants to take a good look at you In this week's wrapup, Amazon introduces a new Alexa-enabled camera that gives you style tips because that's what the world really needs. 1:32 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Apple to Unveil Three New Laptops Including Updated MacBook Pro at WWDC [Report] iPhone 8 Renders Based on 'Highly Detailed CAD File' [Images] Apple Launches 'Today at Apple' Programs at Its Retail Stores [Video] Beautiful iOS 11 Redesign With Dark Mode, Inspired by Apple Music App [Images] Apple Pay Launches in Italy Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 [Download] Tim Cook Charity Lunch Auction Raises $688,999 to Benefit RFK Center An Early Look Inside Apple Park Apple to Update Apple Watch With Glucose Monitoring, Smart Bands? Apple Posts New Beats By Dre Ad Featuring LeBron James, Kevin Durant, Draymond Green, James Harden [Video] Apple Seeds iOS 10.3.3 Beta 1 to Developers [Download] Apple to Phase Out the iPad Mini? Apple Releases macOS Sierra 10.12.5 [Download] App-Specific Passwords Will Be Required for Third-Party Access to iCloud Data Starting June 15 Instagram Launches Face Filters, Rewind, Hashtag Sticker, Eraser Brush [Video] Apple Posts New iPhone 7 Plus Ad: Barbers [Video] Nintendo is Bringing 'The Legend of Zelda' to iPhone [Report] Apple Likely to Unveil 10.5-inch iPad Pro, Siri Smart Speaker at WWDC [Report] Philips Announces New Philips Hue White Ambiance Fixtures, Table Lamps, Candle Bulb Apple Releases watchOS 3.2.2 [Download] Apple Launches 'Today at Apple' Programs at Its Retail Stores [Video] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 10 hours ago by iClarified · 3064 views · Translate Apple has launched new 'Today at Apple' classes at its retail stores around the world. The hands-on sessions are led by team members, and in select cities world-class artists, photographers and musicians, teaching sessions from basics and how-to lessons to professional-level programs. “At the heart of every Apple Store is the desire to educate and inspire the communities we serve,” said Angela Ahrendts, Apple’s senior vice president, Retail. “‘Today at Apple’ is one of the ways we’re evolving our experience to better serve local customers and entrepreneurs. We’re creating a modern-day town square, where everyone is welcome in a space where the best of Apple comes together to connect with one another, discover a new passion, or take their skill to the next level. We think it will be a fun and enlightening experience for everyone who joins.” 'Today at Apple' Programming 'Today at Apple' offers programs with more than 60 different sessions in creative skills, including: ● Studio Hours are Apple’s version of a professor’s office hours. Creative Pros host 90-minute sessions on topics from art and design to documents and presentations. Anyone is welcome to bring in a personal project for advice from experts, or to use the space to work alongside others. ● Photo Walks give aspiring photographers the opportunity to get out of the store and learn techniques for making stunning photos on iPhone. ● Photo or Sketch Walks help attendees go beyond capturing moments by exploring new techniques hands-on as they interact in their local community. Photo Walks include sessions such as framing architecture or capturing action on video, while Sketch Walks explore observational drawings, watercolor and brush techniques, and more. ● Kids Hour is designed to spark imagination and creativity through fun, hands-on projects. Sessions include coding with Sphero robots, Creating Music with GarageBand and Making Movies Together with iMovie. ● Coding sessions are meant to introduce anyone to coding through Swift Playgrounds, an iPad app designed to make coding interactive and fun for beginners. These sessions will explore coding concepts with the same code professional developers use every day. ● Photo Labs bring in talented photographers to experiment with new techniques and styles or uncover a new point of view in hands-on sessions. Similarly, Music Labs explore different genres and beats to introduce new tools to musicians of all levels. ● Pro Series take advanced users on a deep dive into Final Cut Pro X and Logic Pro X with sessions on color correction and grading to post production, or audio mixing to editing for emotion, and more. ● Perspectives and Performances, offered at select stores, feature influential artists and musicians talking about their creative process or sharing their talents live. You can signup for programs at your local Apple Store from the link below! Read More Follow iClarified Comments Add Comment Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 22 mins S&P 500 2,400.67 -1.65 (-0.07%) Dow 30 20,979.75 -2.19 (-0.01%) Nasdaq 6,169.87 +20.20 (+0.33%) Apple Plans Major iCloud Data and App Security Change Don Reisinger Fortune May 16, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Apple will soon change the way users access iCloud data through third-party apps. Starting on June 15, will require iCloud users to obtain app-specific passwords for any third-party programs that access iCloud data, Apple-tracking site MacRumors is reporting, citing a support e-mail the company sent to customers this week. The feature also means that iCloud users will need to activate enhanced password-authentication protocols to keep using third-party apps as they do now. Apple’s iCloud is an Internet-based data repository that syncs information across user devices. App-specific passwords are designed to provide a layer of protection to the Apple ID credentials users need to log in to iCloud. Rather than share their Apple IDs and Apple ID passwords with third-party apps, users create a unique password solely for the program they’re using that will still allow them to sign in to iCloud. In the event the third-party app is hacked and user credentials stolen, Apple ID credentials will still be safe. Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter Currently, Apple only requires app-specific passwords to those who have turned on two-factor authentication, a security protocol that requires a user to input both a password and a unique code sent to a smartphone or computer in order to access an account. Under the proposed change, all users will be required to employ app-specific passwords. It also means they’ll be required to turn on two-factor authentication. According to the e-mail Apple Support sent to users, on June 15, anyone who links iCloud data to third-party apps will be automatically logged out of those apps that day. Users can then sign in again after generating an app-specific password for each program. Once complete, users will have full access to their iCloud data through the third-party apps, but their Apple ID passwords will no longer be shared with those non-Apple programs. See original article on Fortune.com More from Fortune.com Starbucks Registers Down in Widespread Outage Apple Park Opens Its Spaceship Hatch for First Peek Inside Apple Patented a Box That Keeps Employee Pizzas Fresh and Hot Audi and Volvo Are Getting Google Android Fever Apple's Big Event in June Could Have Some Hardware Surprises Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next UBS: A 'narrative shift' could send Apple stock soaring Business Insider The entire MacBook line is getting updated this month, report claims BGR News HTC told us why the HTC U11 doesn’t have a bezel-less display BGR News Apple invented a special container to keep the pizza at its new campus from getting soggy Business Insider Apple expert: 'Sell as soon as you hear about any big M&A activity' Business Insider What It Really Costs to Go to Walt Disney World Money Why one couple feels like they're scraping by on $500K a year Yahoo Finance Steve Kerr yells the same thing every time Draymond Green shoots a 3 as part of the unusual way he manages the Warriors star Business Insider Mars rover reaches site that scientists still can’t explain BGR News What to Watch in the Markets Wednesday, May 17 Yahoo Finance Video ‘Injustice 2’ review: Kneel before this sublime superhero fighter Yahoo Finance Trump is the wrong kind of businessperson to be president Yahoo Finance Watch the US Marine Corps' F-35 run and gun for the first time Business Insider YouTubers are drilling holes in iPhones to turn them into $5 fidget spinners Business Insider The wireless over-ear headphones that beat Beats are back on sale on Amazon BGR News Stocks take latest Trump drama in stride Yahoo Finance Video Clapper: US govt 'under assault' by Trump after Comey firing Dan: At least the tide has turned against Trump. That was a necessary and important beginning. A majority of Americans neither believe him, trust him, nor support him. With each passing week of idiocy from this White House, that power against him grows. It will be a juggernaut that will not be stopped, and Trump will spiral into greater anger, bitterness and loathing toward the majority of America's citizenry. He and his stalwart supporters are an increasing minority, and in time will be swept aside by more rational thinking. It takes a while to straighten out a big ship travelling stormy waters, but it will be righted. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.3k
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Bingo Sun Gifts £9.50 Hols Superdays News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz News Living Money Motors Travel Tech Sun Bets Sun Bingo All Tech All Tech Science Phones & Gadgets Gaming GIZMOGEDDON? Could the Apple iPad Pro and Apple Pencil FINALLY make one of the most annoying bits of technology redundant? Tech giant's tablet offers a tantalising glimpse at life without one VERY irritating gadget By Jasper Hamill 16th May 2017, 8:06 pm Updated: 17th May 2017, 7:14 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments IT’S the office technology which stubbornly refuses to shuffle off into obsolescence. So is Apple FINALLY about to deliver a death blow to that most hated of gadgets, the printer? 3 The iPad Pro also features a super-thin smart keyboard which doubles as a screen protector Alamy 3 This picture makes printers look nice, when in fact they are one of the most irritating pieces of technology in use today Personally, I find the process of printing anything out about as enjoyable as invasive root canal surgery. It seems that every time I go to press that “print” button something goes wrong. The paper jams. The ink runs out. A little red light starts flashing. As well as being infuriating, printers are also wasteful and potentially even dangerous, emitting particles of dust which you definitely don’t want to breathe in. Getty Images 3 An Apple employee demonstrates the Apple Pencil for the iPad Pro I’ve been fiddling with Apple’s iPad Pro for a few months now and I’m glad to report it has shown me we are stepping ever closer to an era where you may never have to print anything ever again. The iPad Pro has one key accessory that – I hope – might finally stop me having to struggle with a printer ever again: the Apple Pencil. This gadget is basically a super advanced stylus, allowing you to draw on screen, write out notes by hand or simply interact with the screen in a more refined way than using your finger. Crucially, it allows you to perform the sorts of tasks which ususually require a printer. Some tips and tricks to help you use the iPad Pro Notes: The native Notes app does more than you might think. You can use it to easily create a checklist to tick off things to do or add in some photos to jog your memory. With Apple Pencil, you can sketch ideas quickly and share easily. Markup: When someone sends you a PDF or image by email you can quickly provide feedback by opening it, selecting Markup from the toolbox icon next to the Search field, making the edits you’d like to, and then automatically have it repackaged in an email response. Slide Over: With Slide Over, you can interact with a second app without leaving the one you’re in. The second app slides in from the right so you can quickly check your text messages or respond to emails. Multitasking: Use Multitasking gestures on your iPad to quickly return to the Home screen, see the app switcher, or switch to another app. Just experiment with swiping using four or five fingers. Split View: This function lets you use two apps at the same time. For example, you can read a book and take notes. Or look at a location in Maps while you search for holiday ideas in Safari. If you want to sign a document, for instance, you could just take a photo of it, scrawl your signature and then send it without having to use a printer. If someone sends a document you need to annotate, you can download it onto the iPad Pro and then scrawl away on it using the markup feature which becomes available when you are emailed an image or pdf. It could even help you do away with your notebook, because you can just open a notes app and write using Pencil. Your words are then stored as text and are searchable. Of course, there are plenty of third party apps which perform similar tasks – but I find myself daring to think that it can’t be long before we’ll all just writing away on tablets rather than printing out reams of pages and filling up notepads with barely legible gibberish. Here are some of the best work apps for Apple iPad Pro PDF Office (£4.99 for 1 month or £38.99 for 1 year) – This cool app lets you scan in paper documents, receipts, contracts and delivery notes using the iPad camera to create a digital document you interact with. It comes with automatic form field detection, which will automatically recognise the empty writing spaces in a scanned form. You can also highlight text, add stamps and use natural handwriting with Apple Pencil. Adobe Comp CC (Free) – You can design documents using this app and the Apple Pencil. It’s a desktop publishing platform that’s powerful enough to give professional results whilst still being easy to use. You can use the Pencil to draw boxes and then fill your page with images, text and whatever else you need. Adobe Capture (Free) – If you want to Basically, you just take a photo of an object and it will “converts the rough shape and lines into crisp graphics” which you can copy into other programs. You can also automatically use it recognise the colours from an image so you can use them in another app. GoodNotes (£7.99) – GoodNotes lets you take handwritten notes and annotate PDF documents. The handwritten notes are searchable and are created using a pioneering vector ink engine. If you use iCloud sync, your documents in GoodNotes will synchronise between your iPad and iPhone automatically. Pixelmator (£4.99) – Pixelmator is a powerful, fully-featured image editor that lets you touch up and enhance images, sketch and paint. Weebly (Free) – More than  30 million people around the world have created a website using Weebly, an easy to use web design platform. Now, with Weebly Mobile you can create a website, blog or store directly from your iPad. Procreate 3 (£5.99) – This is a “powerful sketching, painting and illustration app containing a complete artist’s toolbox”. You can import an image to use as a base layer, such as a photograph of a building or a floorplan, and then use Pencil to draw over it. The iPad Pro is Apple’s flagship tablet and comes in two sizes: 9.7 and and 12.9 inches long. Apple also offers a slightly cheaper version of the iPad, which you can read out about here. Could these gadgets finally save us from the ordeal of printing things out? I hope so. We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 The Sun Topics Apple iPad Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Popular Revealed KIM NUKE FEARS Shocking new satellite photos show North Korea's nuclear missiles are MORE powerful than world feared and could soon hit the US News TOO BRAINy FOR JAIL Oxford student surgeon who stabbed Tinder boyfriend could avoid prison because it would hinder her career News VERY HOT YOGA Saucy TV host Jenny Scordamaglia strips completely NAKED to show off her yoga skills News Exclusive Taylor's Brit on the sly Taylor Swift has been secretly dating Brit actor Joe Alwyn, 26, for months... and he still lives with his parents TV & Showbiz SHE DOES HAVE A FUN SIDE ‘Unimpressed’ gymnast McKayla Maroney posts video dancing in a THONG News Juicy Lucy Topless Jemma Lucy and Chantelle Connelly grope each other's boobs and share a snog on holiday TV & Showbiz Exclusive meg's mystery meet-up Schoolgirl, 16, had secret date with older man before she was found dead in 'staged' car crash, pals say News Exclusive YOU'RE RIGHT UP MY STREET Romance blooms on the cobbles for Corrie stars Daniel Brocklebank and Rob Mallard as they start dating TV & Showbiz BIG MIST-SHAKE Amy Childs admits 'it was a mistake' to promote diet shakes while breastfeeding her newborn baby TV & Showbiz Spoiler AFFAIR OF THE TART Corrie's Aidan Connor's affair with Maria rumbled by Eva Price and Leanne Battersby TV & Showbiz bargain hunting Asda is holding a massive flash sale with huge discounts on homeware, toys and electrical items Money KATH'S A WINN-ER Idris Elba's co-star Katheryn Winnick wows in sexy shoot ahead of The Dark Tower release TV & Showbiz BIT OF A BOOB! Moment BBC reporter pushes woman away by the breast when she interrupts live interview - and gets a slap News Spoiler DISAPPEARING ACT Emmerdale's Rebecca White leaves the Dales for Ibiza and wants Robert Sugden ‘out of her baby’s life’ TV & Showbiz BACK TO THE BRIDGE Romelu Lukaku's £70m move to Chelsea is 'almost done deal', according to reports in Italy Football Just Published MYSTERY ARTEFACT Google Doodle celebrates 115th anniversary of the world's 'first computer' Tech GIZMOGEDDON? Could the Apple iPad Pro FINALLY make one of the most annoying bits of technology redundant? Tech SNAP HAPPY Learn how to take the ultimate iPhone photo with Apple's official guide to smartphone photography Tech STELLAR SNAPS Amateur photographer painstakingly stitches together 110 images of the Milky Way to reveal awesome beauty of our galaxy Tech QUAKE FEARS Turkish tourist hotspot 'overdue' for gigantic earthquake which could hit with just a few seconds warning Tech 'I'M LUCKY TO BE ALIVE' Apple iPhone owner says virtual assistant Siri saved his life after a house explosion Tech YOU CAN BANK ON IT Samsung Pay launches to take on Apple in the UK - and let you use your phone like a credit card Tech FAMILIAR FACES Instagram adds Snapchat-style face filters including familiar bunny ears and text stickers Tech Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 4 Reasons Not to Install iOS 10.3.3 Beta & 3 Reasons to Try It Adam Mills05/16/2017 Apple’s new iOS 10.3.3 beta might be tempting but most of you are probably better off skipping the early version of Apple’s next iOS 10 update. The iOS 10.3.2 update is just a few hours old but Apple’s already confirmed a iOS 10.3.3 update for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. While the official iOS 10.3.3 release date is a mystery, you can try the new update ahead the official release thanks to the iOS 10.3.3 beta. The iOS 10.3.3 beta is out for developers and we expect Apple to release it to those signed up for the Beta Software Program. The public iOS 10.3.3 beta should arrive later this week. While most of you will want to wait for the final iOS 10.3.3 release, some of you might want to give the iOS 10.3.3 beta a go right now. Installing early software like the iOS 10.3.3 beta has its benefits but there are also some downsides you’ll want to be aware of. We’ll touch on both here. If you’re on the fence about the beta for your iPhone, iPad or iPod touch, take a look at our list of reasons to install and skip this early version of iOS 10. It should help you onto one side of the fence or the other ahead of the official iOS 10.3.3 release later this year. Install It If You Want to Improve the iOS 10.3.3 Update   1 / 7 If you want to help Apple improve the overall quality of the final iOS 10.3.3 update you might want to think about downloading the iOS 10.3.3 beta onto your device. Apple's beta process allows developers and (soon) those in the public Beta Software Program to relay feedback about the update's performance. One of the main goals of the iOS 10.3.3 beta is to weed out major problems before the update lands for millions of devices around the world.  If you've encountered a problem with an iOS update in the past and you're tired of dealing with issues (or hearing complaints from other users), think about helping Apple out today or at some point before the final iOS 10.3.3 release date.  Your efforts could prevent a nasty surprise from appearing in the final version of the iOS 10.3.3 update for your iPhone, iPad or iPad touch.   1 / 7 15 Responses 08/31/2016 Tushar Jain @ Kays Harbor Technologies Reply The blog is indeed a good read for the Iphone users. All the merits and demerits have been highlighted in an organized manner. This particular piece of writing is indeed beneficial for all the Iphone users who are about to install iOS10 Beta 09/21/2016 chris (@chrissoxpats) Reply As soon as I read about ios 10 Am like oh crap its Windows 10 for me iphone! this is gonna suck! and the more I read it isn’t going to just suck its going to be worse than ios 8. Stop with the auto creation crap! I don’t want you doing anything automatically I will do it. Stop with the its makes finding photos easier no it really doesn’t it just takes your photos and creates a mess you the user will have to clean up. Apple and Microsoft are pushing horrible spy/mal/bloat/crapware operating systems. 09/27/2016 Bgff Reply Eye just pissed like a race horse and then voted for trump 10/02/2016 James Taylor Reply Using the phone as normal, battery life is 1/3 of what I have been used to with IOS 9. I have tired resets countless times to no avail. I am very disappointed that Apple would release IOS for devices that would render them almost useless. I am thinking about switching brands after being a loyal customer for 6 years. I am trying to have a holiday in Portugal but it’s being hampered by a phone that cannot last a day. Apple DO NOT force people to upgrade by destroying the performance on older devices, I am very upset as I love the Iphone, but now I feel like I need something that works for people when they need it. I can no longer rely on my iPhone in its current state. 10/08/2016 Ginny DiFlora Reply iOS 10 STINKS. So sorry I downloaded it. 10/13/2016 Shawn Stoyle Reply My iPhone 5 is nearly unusable. Battery life is garbage and last night it shut down while I wasn’t even using it. Wouldn’t restart until I plugged it in. My battery was replaced last year at Apple store. iTunes won’t update my apps (yes, everything is set up correctly) I wasn’t going to update to iOS10 but I accidentally hit update on the 1 millionth pop-up that asked me to do it. I’m super pissed. 10/14/2016 Teresa Flores Reply My iPhone just lost 5% of its battery life just by reading this article and five comments. Just lost another 5% typing this comments. 10% battery life lost EXTREMELY fast. This is BS! Oh and it now went UP 1%??? It’s not even plugged in!!! WTF! 10/15/2016 Tajinder Dhillon Reply Updated to 10.0.2 big troubles for Battery drains in 7-8 hours even don’t use the phone Safari camera photos all in horizontal screen rotation On every typing there is ‘cancel and undo’ pop up Even hard reset, reinstall 10.0.2 through iTunes no benefit First time thinking to change from ios to android 11/16/2016 Meir Reply 400 reasons not to buy an iphone at all. Apple must have a new company in the name : ‘apple fix’. It alwas things to fix and fix and fix endless fixing. 100 updates a day and still the most crappie device on the market. Fix this and fix that and the end not even over the horizon. 01/02/2017 ammy96429 Reply Work for 2-3 hours in your spare time and get paid $1000 on your bank account every week… Get more information on following site follow this link…..★★★◕◡◕◕◡◕◕◡◕ ❥❥❥❥❥❥❥ Spacial~Work AtHome. 01/04/2017 peterdem Reply I just purchased a Movado smart watch which connects to the iPhone 6 via Bluetooth. The OS is so bad it connects and disconnects from the watch every few seconds and drains the watch battery in 1-2 days when it should last 7. No fix from Apple yet and now HP who makes the OS for the watch is trying to create a workaround. Totally makes my watch useless. Apple needs to get on the stick. They are starting to suck like Microsoft. 03/26/2017 BN Reply Agreed on all final comments other than the watch OS, have no experience there but Apple is tanking all it’s software like Microsoft has often done…. 03/27/2017 iOS Apps Development Reply The new version of the iOS 10.3 beta working good if we update it, thank you for the information about the new feature. 03/28/2017 steve Reply Tim Cook is no Steve Jobs, that is for sure. Steve Jobs didn’t just have a stream of significant new product ideas — he also paid exquisite attention to user experience and the compounding consequences of one experience on another. Tim appears totally zoned out in comparison. And gloriously zoned out. it’s like he doesn’t care or only cares for short term glitz. Apple ios 10 appears totally aimed at the teeny-bopper mentality — at the cost of functionality for adults who have work to do. It’s full of eye candy and wizzy new “features” which actually make getting real work done considerably more difficult and time consuming. So now you can add an animated GIF to your text message … even if you don’t want to do that (and just try getting out of some of these “features”). What you can’t do nearly as easily, for example, is just copy and paste or forward a bunch of texts. You also have a much harder time simply dialing a phone number by touching it in an existing message. And you can’t turn brain dead features OFF very well in general. You can’t really opt out; certainly not easily. Tim is determined to treat all his customers like teeny boppers — maybe he is so oblivious he really thinks all his customers are teeny boppers, or that teeny boppers never grow up. So it is considerably more complex to use ios 10 for simple things vs ios 9 and it is a real resource hog. It uses a ton of extra CPU cycles and a LOT of additional memory for its footprint and NEVER used, actually unwanted “features”. One has to wonder if Tim actually USES his own products? I mean does he use them to get real work done or does he really think sending animated GIFS is a “much have” feature which needs to sit on the top level of the interface and push out features which business users might want? I will NEVER send an animated GIF — but Tim is shoving it down my throat to choke on every time I try to send even a basic business text. And the GIF stupidity is just one piece of many. The compounding dumb complexity just goes on and on. Maps have really been dumbed down / enfeebled so much that I actually had to switch to google maps even though I bought an Iphone largely to get away from Google in all ways. Apple appears to have outsourced maps after reportely spending billions so they wouldn’t be at Google’s mercy. But here they are again. Anyway, Apple doesn’t care because TIM doesn’t care. It hardly seems like Apple even bothers to beta test anything any more. Steve Jobs supposedly was so connected to his user experience that he would sometimes pick up customer phone calls himself….just so he could get first hand feedback on how things were going. Tim? Well Tim is 1/10th the real leader but Tim is too “busy”…I guess sending animated GIFs around the company in text messages? Apple is a real short even if the company stock continues to levitate for a while. It is going downhill day by day in every way — turning products into cash cows instead of really advancing and leading. And this isn’t just an iphone issue. How many years has it been since the MacBook Air had a real upgrade? It used to be a leader in terms of real function. But that was years ago. I suspect that, once again, Tim Cook is too “busy” to actually use a laptop for real work. He doesn’t seem to get that it was professionals — not teeny boppers — who made Apple. He doesn’t seem to get that user experience compounds, for good or ill. It is really sad to see Apple committing itself to slow death. And galling to think that Tim Cook is actually doing everything to milk the company instead of building a better company. 04/18/2017 Jonathan Reply This battery issue is really poor business practice by Apple. I left Google phones last year for the same reason – releasing duff Android software which significantly affected battery life, not acknowledged by Google, no fix on the horizon, suggesting all sorts of settings which turned the smart phone into a brick. Then strangely, a whole new range of Android phones were launched, which may not have had the problem. Voila, Google effectively forcing their user base to upgrade to new phones. Kerching for everyone involved, except the poor customer. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « LG to introduce their First OLED Smartphone in H2 as they prepare to enter Apple's Supply Chain in 2019 | Main | 'Today at Apple' is Finally Rolling out at an Apple Store Near You » May 16, 2017 Apple Likely to Introduce a MacBook Pro Refresh at WWDC with a 32GB Option that Pro's have been Screaming for   Microsoft introduced a new Surface Laptop earlier this month, primarily aimed at students that uses a cloud based version of their OS called Windows 10S. The laptop comes with a high-end PixelSense display with 3.4 million pixels, 4GB RAM, 128GB SSD and weighs under 3 pounds for US$999. Reviews from PCWorld, PC Advisor, PCMag and others give it 4 to 4.5 stars out of 5. Now we're learning from Bloomberg and KGI Securities that Apple plans to announce an update to its MacBook lineup at their upcoming WWDC event in June.   Bloomberg reports that "Apple is planning three new laptops, according to people familiar with the matter. The MacBook Pro will get a faster Kaby Lake processor from Intel Corp., said the people, who requested anonymity to discuss internal planning. Apple is also working on a new version of the 12-inch MacBook with a faster Intel chip. The company has also considered updating the aging 13-inch MacBook Air with a new processor as sales of the laptop, Apple's cheapest, remain surprisingly strong, one of the people said."   The MacBook refresh would also come at an important time for Apple. This month, Microsoft debuted the Surface Laptop, which boots up in seconds, has a touch screen and runs on a more stable version of Windows. Microsoft's first real laptop is widely considered a viable rival to the MacBook Air. By refreshing its computers, Apple could undercut that competition and continue the Mac's recent momentum. In the second quarter, the company sold 4.2 million desktops and laptops and generated 14 percent more revenue on Macs than in the quarter a year earlier.   The updated MacBook Pro would look much the same as the latest model and mostly differ in internal architecture, one of the people said. For more on this story click here.   Bloomberg's report is supported by a note by Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities who goes one step further by saying that the 15" model will offer 32GB RAM. Whether that's standard or an option wasn't clarified, though its likely the latter. The impression from KGI is that production for the new MacBook's will only begin in July.   And lastly, the Korean report states that "the KGI Securities examiner expressed that the MacBook Pro 2017 would most likely be outfitted with various updates. Kuo noticed that this MacBook Pro 15-inch model may display a test for the Cupertino-based tech giant. The MacBook Pro 2017 15-inch variation will be the most significantly redesigned gadget this year. It has been said that the MacBook Pro 2017 will have a $1,200 sticker price for the base model."   In the end rumors now have a new Siri-centric Speaker device, a new 10.5" iPad Pro and last but not least a MacBook refresh launching at WWDC 2017. Will everything rumored actually come to life next month at WWDC 2017? While only time will tell, Apple fans will no doubt be glued to Apple's Keynote viewable live on Apple TV in the hopes that all products will indeed by announced.   With Apple's biggest competitors now introducing products well before Apple's fall events on a continual basis, it would be great to see Apple shake things up so as to not give their competitors any early advantage.  Whether this year is simply an anomaly or a new trend isn't known just yet, but it would be a positive move if their WWDC event was used as a launching pad for some of Apple's future products.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on May 16, 2017 at 02:48 PM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts TheStreet Launches a Free New Financial App that's Available at the App Store 'Today at Apple' is Finally Rolling out at an Apple Store Near You Apple Likely to Introduce a MacBook Pro Refresh at WWDC with a 32GB Option that Pro's have been Screaming for LG to introduce their First OLED Smartphone in H2 as they prepare to enter Apple's Supply Chain in 2019 Apple Granted 56 Patents Today Covering an Edge-to-Edge iPhone Display, Touch ID under the Display & 3D Scanner In Portrait mode on the iPhone 7 Plus, you don’t just look good. You look fantastic. Apple Italy announces that their Advanced Apple Store with Amphitheater will be Opening Soon in Milan Samsung and Apple in a Race to Introduce both a Selfie Camera and Smart Band Display to their Respective Smartwatches VoIP-Pal Raises Damages Claim against Apple in Patent Lawsuit by almost Tenfold Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
NEWS TV CLUB VIDEO REVIEWS FEATURES SECTIONS FILM TV MUSIC FOOD COMEDY BOOKS GAMES AUX NEWS TV CLUB VIDEO REVIEWS FEATURES SECTIONS FILM TV MUSIC FOOD COMEDY BOOKS GAMES AUX NEWS TV CLUB VIDEO REVIEWS FEATURES SECTIONS FILM TV MUSIC FOOD COMEDY BOOKS GAMES AUX A.V. Club Most Read 1 Graphic: Allison Corr (Photos: ABC Photo Archives/ABC/Getty Images) Posted May 17 5 To Watch All pie, no filler: A 5-step shortcut through Twin Peaks 2 Photo: Boston Globe/Getty Images Posted May 16 Great Job, Internet! On its 10th anniversary, get to know the people behind “2 Girls, 1 Cup” 3 Marvel's Agents Of S.H.I.E.L.D. Posted May 16 TV Club Agents Of S.H.I.E.L.D. abruptly closes the mystical book on season four 4 Wentworth Miller/The CW Posted May 16 TV Club Zero hour arrives for Iris West in a climactic episode of The Flash 5 Screenshot: Inception Posted May 16 Great Job, Internet! The search for finality in some ambiguous movie endings NEWSWIRE GREAT JOB, INTERNET! @AV_Newswire @TheAVClub RECENT ARTICLES BROWSE ALL (Screenshot: CBS) today at 12:38 a.m. Brad Pitt gets deeply silly on a rare late night appearance with Stephen Colbert (Photo: Chicago Tribune/Getty Images) yesterday at 10:59 p.m. Universal is making a movie out of a wife’s “dating ad” for her widowed husband (Photo: ABC/Giovanni Rufino) yesterday at 10:18 p.m. Quantico snags a last-minute renewal from ABC (Photos: Jeff Kravitz/Getty Images, Mikes Marsland/WireImage/Getty Images) yesterday at 9:31 p.m. ’90s favorites to judge ABC’s Boy Band singing competition RECENT ARTICLES BROWSE ALL Screenshot: Inception yesterday at 3:44 p.m. The search for finality in some ambiguous movie endings Screenshot: Veep yesterday at 2:56 p.m. Timothy Simons elaborates on the riot he witnessed at a shitty bar in Chicago Photo: Boston Globe/Getty Images yesterday at 2:37 p.m. On its 10th anniversary, get to know the people behind “2 Girls, 1 Cup” Photo: HBO yesterday at 12:15 p.m. Read This: Dragons are for rich white kids REVIEWS WHAT'S ON TONIGHT @AVTVClub RECENT REVIEWS BROWSE ALL - WWE SmackDown! "May 16, 2017" Season 18, Ep 72 B David Anders (Photo: Eric Milner/The CW) iZombie "Dirt Nap Time" Season 3, Ep 7 B+ Brooklyn Nine-Nine "The Slaughterhouse" and more… Season 4, Ep 20 A Matthew Rhys (left), Keri Russell (Photo: Patrick Harbron/FX) The Americans “Dyatkovo” Season 5, Ep 11 RECENT ARTICLES BROWSE ALL Who's a good boy? (Photo: Downward Dog, Donald Rager/ABC) today at midnight Sure, Designated Survivor may be ending season one, but it’s talking dog time! Photo: ABC yesterday at midnight Marvel’s Agents Of S.H.I.E.L.D. closes out its season with some Ghost Rider Francisco San Martin, Gina Rodriguez, and Jaime Camil star in Jane The Virgin (Photo: Scott Everett White/The CW) May 15, 2017 at midnight Love is a battlefield on Jane The Virgin "What do you mean, he's not here?" (Photo: HBO) May 14, 2017 at midnight The Leftovers hits the road to go get Kevin ALL A.V. UNDERCOVER FILM CLUB A.V. CLUB LIVE RECENT VIDEOS BROWSE ALL yesterday at 4 p.m. Okilly Dokilly performs “They Warned Me” in The A.V. Club studio   yesterday at 2 p.m. Margaret Cho reviews some of the biggest new releases in music   yesterday at 12:30 p.m. We’ve been invited to the Schitt’s Creek Motel   yesterday at midnight Watch The Regrettes’ ferocious take on “Fox On The Run”   RECENT VIDEOS BROWSE ALL yesterday at midnight Watch The Regrettes’ ferocious take on “Fox On The Run”   May 11, 2017 at midnight Pet Symmetry rockets “Come A Little Bit Closer” into space   May 9, 2017 at midnight Close Talker covers “Fox On The Run”   May 8, 2017 at noon Get hyped for A.V. Undercover with this look at the new season   RECENT VIDEOS BROWSE ALL May 12, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. Guy Ritchie’s King Arthur is only fun when it’s acting like a Guy Ritchie movie   May 5, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. More is better in Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2   Apr 21, 2017 at 3:52 p.m. Free Fire shoots for profane fun, mostly hits its mark   Apr 14, 2017 at 2:31 p.m. The Fast And Furious franchise hits a speed bump   RECENT VIDEOS BROWSE ALL yesterday at 4 p.m. Okilly Dokilly performs “They Warned Me” in The A.V. Club studio   May 15, 2017 at 3:30 p.m. Margaret Cho’s best Fire Island story involves the sound of awkward sex   May 15, 2017 at 3 p.m. Learn the history of your favorite swear words from lexicographer Kory Stamper   May 15, 2017 at 2 p.m. Margaret Cho’s mom rented out the Peoples Temple the week of the Jonestown massacre   ALL FILM TV MUSIC BOOKS @TheAVClub @AVCFilm @AVTVClub RECENT REVIEWS BROWSE ALL - WWE SmackDown! "May 16, 2017" Season 18, Ep 72 B Photo: Kino Lorber today at midnight The marathon-length The Woman Who Left rewards those who wait B Photo: IFC Midnight today at midnight The Survivalist is post-apocalyptic action at its most minimalist C+ Photo: Magnolia Pictures today at midnight The Commune is just a midlife crisis with more characters RECENT REVIEWS BROWSE ALL B Photo: Kino Lorber today at midnight The marathon-length The Woman Who Left rewards those who wait B Photo: IFC Midnight today at midnight The Survivalist is post-apocalyptic action at its most minimalist C+ Photo: Magnolia Pictures today at midnight The Commune is just a midlife crisis with more characters C+ Photo: IFC today at midnight The hammy Bryan Cranston performance is coming from the attic in Wakefield RECENT REVIEWS BROWSE ALL - WWE SmackDown! "May 16, 2017" Season 18, Ep 72 B David Anders (Photo: Eric Milner/The CW) iZombie "Dirt Nap Time" Season 3, Ep 7 B+ Brooklyn Nine-Nine "The Slaughterhouse" and more… Season 4, Ep 20 A Matthew Rhys (left), Keri Russell (Photo: Patrick Harbron/FX) The Americans “Dyatkovo” Season 5, Ep 11 RECENT REVIEWS BROWSE ALL B Cover detail of Harry Styles (Columbia Records) May 15, 2017 at 10 a.m. Harry Styles takes a bold step forward by leaning on the past in his solo debut D May 5, 2017 at 10:35 a.m. The new At The Drive-In record is exactly what you don’t want from a reunion B- Photo: Coley Brown May 5, 2017 at 10:08 a.m. Mac DeMarco embraces dad-rock on This Old Dog A- Leslie Feist in 2015 (Photo: Michael Loccisano/Getty Images) Apr 28, 2017 at midnight Feist’s Pleasure is a demanding record expressing demanding emotions RECENT REVIEWS BROWSE ALL B Image: Nicole Antonuccio May 8, 2017 at midnight How she became Precious is only a small part of Gabourey Sidibe’s entertaining memoir B Image: Allison Corr May 1, 2017 at midnight Perverted poet Patricia Lockwood runs wild in the memoir Priestdaddy A- Image: Jimmy Hasse Apr 17, 2017 at 10:25 a.m. The Last Days Of Café Leila serves up a family’s history of exile D Image: Jimmy Hasse Apr 12, 2017 at 9:43 a.m. Trump will have a field day tearing into Alec Baldwin’s Nevertheless ALL SPECIAL FEATURES NEWSWIRE TV CLUB RECENT FEATURES BROWSE ALL Photo: Kevin Pang today at midnight Cold sesame peanut noodles is the summer dish for vegans and carnivores alike Scott Speedman, Keri Russell, and Scott Foley in Felicity (Photo: The WB) today at midnight Felicity was The WB’s lovable underachiever Graphic: Allison Corr (Photos: ABC Photo Archives/ABC/Getty Images) today at midnight All pie, no filler: A 5-step shortcut through Twin Peaks Who's a good boy? (Photo: Downward Dog, Donald Rager/ABC) today at midnight Sure, Designated Survivor may be ending season one, but it’s talking dog time! RECENT FEATURES BROWSE ALL Screenshot: Bethesda Softworks May 9, 2017 at 10:35 a.m. Pt. 1—The nightmare never ends in the sadistic sci-fi game Prey Game In Progress: Prey Screenshot: Bethesda Softworks May 9, 2017 at 10:35 a.m. Pt. 1—The nightmare never ends in the sadistic sci-fi game Prey MORE FROM SECTION May 11, 2017 at midnight Zipper Club is “Going The Distance” in this beach performance   Little Fridays Acoustic Sessions May 11, 2017 at midnight Zipper Club is “Going The Distance” in this beach performance   May 11, 2017 at midnight Zipper Club performs “Breath” on a breathtaking Hawaiian beach   MORE FROM SECTION Nov 19, 2015 at midnight The Star Wars franchise—even the prequels—is a work of weird genius Star Wars Nov 19, 2015 at midnight The Star Wars franchise—even the prequels—is a work of weird genius Jul 24, 2014 at midnight Your guide to the Star Wars Expanded Universe MORE FROM SECTION May 1, 2017 at midnight Smoked SPAM® Brand Barbecue Sandwich   Sizzle With SPAM® Brand May 1, 2017 at midnight Smoked SPAM® Brand Barbecue Sandwich   May 1, 2017 at midnight Hawaiian SPAM® Brand Sliders   MORE FROM SECTION RECENT FEATURES BROWSE ALL (Screenshot: CBS) today at 12:38 a.m. Brad Pitt gets deeply silly on a rare late night appearance with Stephen Colbert (Photo: Chicago Tribune/Getty Images) yesterday at 10:59 p.m. Universal is making a movie out of a wife’s “dating ad” for her widowed husband (Photo: ABC/Giovanni Rufino) yesterday at 10:18 p.m. Quantico snags a last-minute renewal from ABC (Photos: Jeff Kravitz/Getty Images, Mikes Marsland/WireImage/Getty Images) yesterday at 9:31 p.m. ’90s favorites to judge ABC’s Boy Band singing competition RECENT FEATURES BROWSE ALL - WWE SmackDown! "May 16, 2017" Season 18, Ep 72 B David Anders (Photo: Eric Milner/The CW) iZombie "Dirt Nap Time" Season 3, Ep 7 B+ Brooklyn Nine-Nine "The Slaughterhouse" and more… Season 4, Ep 20 A Matthew Rhys (left), Keri Russell (Photo: Patrick Harbron/FX) The Americans “Dyatkovo” Season 5, Ep 11 Log In Settings Find a Show News (Screenshot: CBS) today at 12:38 a.m. Brad Pitt gets deeply silly on a rare late night appearance with Stephen Colbert (Photo: Chicago Tribune/Getty Images) yesterday at 10:59 p.m. Universal is making a movie out of a wife’s “dating ad” for her widowed husband (Photo: ABC/Giovanni Rufino) yesterday at 10:18 p.m. Quantico snags a last-minute renewal from ABC (Photos: Jeff Kravitz/Getty Images, Mikes Marsland/WireImage/Getty Images) yesterday at 9:31 p.m. ’90s favorites to judge ABC’s Boy Band singing competition Batman And Robin yesterday at 9:08 p.m. Alicia Silverstone thinks it would be fun to play Batgirl again (Image: Hugs For Chelsea) yesterday at 8:26 p.m. Tom Morello, Against Me!, and Ted Leo contribute to Chelsea Manning benefit album (Photo: Alan Markfield/Fox) yesterday at 7:37 p.m. It’s Rumor Time: Michael Fassbender might be back as Magneto Star Trek Beyond yesterday at 7:13 p.m. Here’s what’s coming to (and going from) Hulu in June Newswire Great Job, Internet! TV Club - WWE SmackDown! "May 16, 2017" Season 18, Ep 72 B David Anders (Photo: Eric Milner/The CW) iZombie "Dirt Nap Time" Season 3, Ep 7 B+ Brooklyn Nine-Nine "The Slaughterhouse" and more… Season 4, Ep 20 A Matthew Rhys (left), Keri Russell (Photo: Patrick Harbron/FX) The Americans “Dyatkovo” Season 5, Ep 11 B- Marvel's Agents Of S.H.I.E.L.D. Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. "World's End" Season 4, Ep 22 B Wentworth Miller/The CW The Flash "Infantino Street" Season 3, Ep 22 A- Great News "Celebrity Hacking Scandal" and more… Season 1, Ep 8 A Master Of None Master Of None "Religion" Season 2, Ep 3 All Reviews What's On Tonight Video yesterday at 4 p.m. Okilly Dokilly performs “They Warned Me” in The A.V. Club studio   yesterday at 2 p.m. Margaret Cho reviews some of the biggest new releases in music   yesterday at 12:30 p.m. We’ve been invited to the Schitt’s Creek Motel   yesterday at midnight Watch The Regrettes’ ferocious take on “Fox On The Run”   May 15, 2017 at 3:30 p.m. Margaret Cho’s best Fire Island story involves the sound of awkward sex   May 15, 2017 at 3 p.m. Learn the history of your favorite swear words from lexicographer Kory Stamper   May 15, 2017 at 2 p.m. Margaret Cho’s mom rented out the Peoples Temple the week of the Jonestown massacre   May 15, 2017 at 1 p.m. The Man In The High Castle wants to rock us slowly   All Video A.V. Undercover Film Club A.V. Club Live Reviews - WWE SmackDown! "May 16, 2017" Season 18, Ep 72 B Photo: Kino Lorber today at midnight The marathon-length The Woman Who Left rewards those who wait B Photo: IFC Midnight today at midnight The Survivalist is post-apocalyptic action at its most minimalist C+ Photo: Magnolia Pictures today at midnight The Commune is just a midlife crisis with more characters C+ Photo: IFC today at midnight The hammy Bryan Cranston performance is coming from the attic in Wakefield B+ Ellie Kemper (Photo: Eric Liebowitz/Netflix) Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt’s sense of humor is sharper than ever in season 3 B David Anders (Photo: Eric Milner/The CW) iZombie "Dirt Nap Time" Season 3, Ep 7 B+ Brooklyn Nine-Nine "The Slaughterhouse" and more… Season 4, Ep 20 All Reviews Film TV Music Books Features Photo: Kevin Pang today at midnight Cold sesame peanut noodles is the summer dish for vegans and carnivores alike Scott Speedman, Keri Russell, and Scott Foley in Felicity (Photo: The WB) today at midnight Felicity was The WB’s lovable underachiever Graphic: Allison Corr (Photos: ABC Photo Archives/ABC/Getty Images) today at midnight All pie, no filler: A 5-step shortcut through Twin Peaks Who's a good boy? (Photo: Downward Dog, Donald Rager/ABC) today at midnight Sure, Designated Survivor may be ending season one, but it’s talking dog time! today at midnight Anti-climax Screenshot: Bonanza Bros. yesterday at 1:30 p.m. Rise from your grave: 6 classic Sega games that deserve a revival Graphic: Nicole Antonuccio; photos courtesy of S.E. Hinton with permission from Penguin Young Readers yesterday at midnight Outsiders author S.E. Hinton is still gold after 50 years Photo: Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post via Getty Images yesterday at midnight How to make Shake Shack’s ShackSauce at home All Features Newswire TV Club Sections Film Tv Music Food Comedy Books Games Aux Our Company About Us Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Careers RSS Onion Inc. Sites The Onion The A.V. Club ClickHole Onion Studios The A.V. Club Store Get The Latest Food Newswire Apple has been quietly sitting on a revolutionary pizza box design for years By Sam Barsanti @sambarsanti Posted yesterday at 3:44 p.m. (Photo: Getty Images, Justin Sullivan) (Photo: Getty Images, Justin Sullivan) Apple’s post-Steve Jobs output hasn’t been extremely exciting, unless you’re one of the people convincing themselves they actually like their Apple Watch, but that might be because the company has been hoarding its truly great innovations for its own employees. Today, Wired posted a glimpse into Apple’s new campus, a monstrous building in California that may or may not be an actual spaceship, but Gizmodo picked up on something even more mind-blowing than the new office space. Apparently, Apple has invented—and patented—a revolutionary new kind of pizza box that makes the old-fashioned cardboard crap that we have now look like, well, cardboard crap. The boxes are available at the Apple Park café, and they differ from standard pizza containers in two ways: They’re circular, which cuts down on wasted corner space, and they have eight air holes cut into the top. That allows the box to release moisture, which ensures that the pizza crust doesn’t become too soggy by the time the Apple employee returns to whatever sci-fi pod the company uses instead of desks. Also, the boxes are white, which gives them a little bit of that Apple prestige. Gizmodo points out that Apple originally filed the patent for these boxes way back in 2010, which means it’s been sitting on this life-changing pizza technology for seven years without sharing it. What other innovations has Apple been hiding? Salad containers that evenly distribute dressing automatically? Cups for cold drinks that don’t sweat in warm weather? Phones that don’t need to be replaced every few years? Obviously that last one is impossible, but it’s fun to dream. [Note: Gizmodo, like The A.V. Club, is owned by Univision Communications.] Submit your Newswire tips here. Filed Under: Food, Apple, pizza Can't see comments? Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Load More Articles Thursdays @ 9/8 CT on Fusion Learn More Get The Latest Newswire Updates Like Most Read 1 Graphic: Allison Corr (Photos: ABC Photo Archives/ABC/Getty Images) Posted May 17 5 To Watch All pie, no filler: A 5-step shortcut through Twin Peaks 2 Photo: Boston Globe/Getty Images Posted May 16 Great Job, Internet! On its 10th anniversary, get to know the people behind “2 Girls, 1 Cup” 3 Marvel's Agents Of S.H.I.E.L.D. Posted May 16 TV Club Agents Of S.H.I.E.L.D. abruptly closes the mystical book on season four Sign up for news Daily Newsletter Highlights from The A.V. Club What's On Tonight A daily update on the world of TV Submit Links and such All Recent Browse Our Features Coming Distractions Savage Love Contests RSS About Us Contact Advertise Jobs Privacy Policy The A.V. Club Store Our Partners Hitfix Mental Floss Oh My Rockness Uproxx Upworthy Vice © Copyright 2017 Onion Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Digital Trends Home > Apple > Apple iPad 2017: News and rumors Apple iPad 2017: News and rumors Apple may ditch iPad Mini as it faces pressure from big phones, bigger tablets By Andy Boxall — Updated May 16, 2017 1:36 pm Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Why it matters to you Apple may still be planning a new iPad range, which could include a brand-new screen size, in 2017. You’re forgiven if the Apple iPad has slipped your mind. Apple hasn’t treated its tablet line with the same excitement as the iPhone for a while, and those who already own an iPad are usually pretty happy to continue using the one they have, without upgrading regularly. Rumors saying that Apple will release new iPad models in 2017 have spread for a while, and although one arrived in March, it didn’t get its own special event. Does that mean Apple’s finished with the iPad for 2017? Not necessarily. There’s still talk of one with a new screen size coming, as well as a new Apple Pencil stylus. Here’s everything we think we know about Apple’s 2017 iPad range so far: Apple iPad Mini 5/iPad Pro Mini There may be a pretty good reason why we’ve yet to hear anything on a new iPad Mini or Pro variant– rumor has it Apple has chosen to discontinue the pint-sized tablet. The news comes from BGR, which cites a “source close to Apple” in its report. The story goes that the Mini is underperforming in the market, due in large part to the success of the iPhone Plus line. The source was quoted as saying the device has been “sized out of its own category,” and added that the sales figures are “very clear,” indicating the smallest iPad is indeed buckling under the weight of the iPhone, as well as the larger 9.7- and 10.5-inch iPads. The iPad Mini 4 was revealed in September 2015, and like the iPad Air 2, it is certainly ready for an update if Apple decides to go in that direction. There has been talk of a Pro version refresh, but it’s questionable as to whether there is any value in making such a device. For now, the silence may mean Apple will only refresh its larger iPad tablets in 2017, and let the Mini 4 live on for another year. In February, a report from MacOtakara mentioned a 7.9-inch iPad Pro — though the specifications, or what would define it as a Pro model, were not discussed. Apple iPad Pro 2 10.5-inch Now the 9.7-inch iPad has become the entry point into the iPad range, there’s speculation Apple may replace the 9.7-inch iPad Pro with a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro. Although it would have a larger screen, the device may have a bezel-less design, and therefore, a very similar body size to the 9.7-inch Pro. The screen size isn’t fixed in stone, and rumors state it may be as small as 10.1-inches, or as large as 10.9-inches, with the 10.5-inch size being most often discussed. Despite initially being rumored for a March 2017 launch and never appearing, there’s still talk of the tablet coming soon. The latest rumored release date is June, following an update to an Apple Authorized Retailer’s stock system, obtained by 9to5Mac. The site lists an Urban Armor Gear Metropolis Folio Case for a 10.5-inch iPad. Crucially, it only mentions iPad — no “Pro.” However, the 12.9-inch Metropolis case supports Apple’s Smart Keyboard and Pencil, so it’s reasonable to assume this one would as well. Still, accessory companies have a habit of planning products based on new devices that haven’t been announced yet, and it’s very possible that’s what we could be looking at here. Back in March, an IHS Markit analyst told Forbes the 10.5-inch tablet would arrive in April, and that production was slated to begin soon. She also mentioned initial supply would be limited, and reiterated the screen would have a thin bezel to reduce the overall size of the device. The existence of a 10.5-inch iPad Pro has been discussed plenty of times. In a tweet, a case manufacturer leaked documents showing one of its early designs for the tablet. While strong evidence, it’s not quite confirmation of the new iPad, as the company could simply be working on the product to ensure it can be produced in a timely fashion should the device become a reality. Although a 10.5-inch screen size is mentioned most, we have heard other rumors. One published by MacOtakara initially went with 10.9-inches, adding the body will measure 7.5mm, but the screen won’t have a bezel, and a home button won’t be on the front. A bezel at the top of the tablet will remain to house a front facing camera and other sensors. Touch ID and the speaker may be built into the space behind the screen. The same site published another rumor in late February, stating a 10.5-inch iPad would be the featured product during a March launch event. It referred to the tablet as the 10.5-inch iPad Pro 2. It also mentioned a 9.7-inch iPad Pro in the lineup, going against rumors the 10.5-inch model would replace it. The sometimes unreliable Digitimes publication says Apple’s new 10.5-inch iPad will use the new A10X processor and will take over from the 9.7-inch iPad Pro in the range. Analysts from Barclays also agree Apple is planning to launch a mid-size iPad and reiterated the bezel-free screen rumor, though they also expected it to launch alongside Apple’s new 9.7-inch iPad back in March. Apple iPad Pro 2 9.7-inch There’s some debate as to the fate of the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, and while some rumors suggest that it will be replaced with a slightly larger device, fresh ones indicate that’s not the case. These new rumors suggest that the device will be updated when Apple refreshes the iPad range, however the update will be minor. The report comes from Mac Otakara, and says that the new device will get an A10X chip with boosted graphics and CPU performance. Apple iPad Pro 2 12.9-inch The iPad Pro 12.9-inch tablet may receive an update in 2017, if rumors are correct. The screen size is expected to stay the same, but the True Tone technology used on the smaller iPad models — where contrast and color are automatically adjusted depending on what’s being shown on screen — may be added to it. Like rumors surrounding the 10.5-inch iPad Pro, the 12.9-inch version may get a new Apple A10X processor, and also a camera upgrade to bring it in line with other iPad models. The body may get 3mm added to its thickness, making it almost 10mm thick, but that would be an odd move unless the device has an even bigger battery inside. A report from MacOtakara published in February 2017 said the new 12.9-inch iPad Pro 2 would launch at an event in March, but this didn’t come true. Apple Pencil 2 Malarie Gokey/Digital Trends Rumors say a new Pencil stylus will accompany the new iPad Pro models upon announcement in 2017. Reports dating back to mid-2016 talk about a Pencil 2, with new annotation features that work across more iOS apps, including Mail, Messages, and Safari. No other rumors regarding features are circulating, but several patents filed by Apple over the past year hint it may bring interchangeable virtual nibs to the Pencil 2, an eraser function on the opposite end of the stylus, and possibly Touch ID support. However, patents don’t always turn into real products or features, so don’t treat this as confirmation. A rumor originating from the supply chain in China stated the Pencil 2 would be announced in March 2017, at the same event where the new iPad Pro models will be revealed. This failed to come true. It’s possible, if talk of a thicker iPad Pro 2 12.9-inch are correct, Apple will build a Pencil storage system into the new version of the tablet. Release date Apple announced the new 9.7-inch iPad on March 21 2017, and confirmed the new low-cost model would replace the iPad Air 2. The tablet was revealed in a press release without a full-scale launch event. Rumors had all concentrated on a launch event happening in March or early April for the new iPad range, but such a gathering never occurred. The only rumors outside of these concentrated on shipping dates for new iPad tablets, including the rumored 10.5-inch model. For example, a report from Digitimes indicates that the new 10.5-inch and the 12.9-inch iPads would ship in May or June. It also speculates Apple will hold an event at its newly built Apple Campus in April, where the tablet may be launched. That’s all the news and rumors regarding the 2017 Apple iPad range so far, but we’ll be updating regularly, so check back often. Article originally published on 01-19-2017. Updated on 05-16-2017 by Adam Ismail: Added rumor that the iPad Mini is being discontinued.
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS US Edition Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides iPhone 8 HTC U11 Samsung Galaxy S8 Project Scorpio Samsung Galaxy Note 8 VPN News Three brand new MacBooks expected to debut at WWDC 2017 Three brand new MacBooks expected to debut at WWDC 2017 By Joe Osborne Laptops   Apple’s looking to make good with jaded fans – and fast Shares Fresh, new MacBooks may arrive much sooner than previously expected, according to a new report out of Bloomberg. The outlet reports, citing sources “familiar with the matter,” that Apple looks to use the WWDC 2017 stage this June to debut three refreshed MacBook models. The models reportedly due for upgrades are, unsurprisingly, the MacBook Pro, 12-inch MacBook and perhaps even the MacBook Air. Bloomberg’s sources claim that the new MacBook Pro will finally house the latest Intel Core i processor series, 7th generation or Kaby Lake, meanwhile the 12-inch MacBook will receive a similar upgrade – though the report makes no mention of which processor product line. (We wouldn't bet on it being a Core i chip somehow.) Finally, Apple has apparently considered refreshing the all-but-discontinued MacBook Air, because sales have remained strong since it left the spotlight at Apple’s last Mac-related event. Can't wait? These are the best Ultrabooks you can buy right now Apple’s inimitable, impeccable timing It’s almost like clockwork that Apple is rumored to be rehashing its entire MacBook line at its conference all about developers and designers. In the first week of May, Microsoft unveiled its new Surface Laptop, a machine practically designed to fill a perceived void left by the MacBook Air’s absence. Used to casting the shadows in the industry, not trying to run out from behind them, this wouldn’t be a particularly surprising move for Apple. That said, don’t expect major updates to how these laptops function in the same way we saw this past autumn with the debut of the Touch Bar. According to Bloomberg, these refreshes are marked internal upgrades aimed to instill a sense of dedication to the product line on Apple’s part. And, this is not because Apple makes a particular ton of money on Mac sales, though the firm has enjoyed a recent uptick inexplicably. Rather, the Mac is Apple’s legacy, and many longtime Mac fans have expressed their distaste in how Apple has treated that legacy in recent years before and since the release of the latest MacBook Pro. The image of the product that Apple’s foundation was built upon is at risk of being tarnished, and that’s something the company is clearly trying to avoid, judging by the recent spate of reports regarding both new MacBooks and Mac desktops. As for whether Apple can rekindle the flame it held with much of the creative community for so long, we’d say that depends upon what upgrades come to said refreshed products. The latest processor is one thing, but a lot of photographers and videographers sure seem to miss those SD card slots, and a screen at least closer to 4K for the hefty price would keep with today's standards. At any rate, this would mark the first time for Apple to debut hardware during a WWDC keynote since it revealed the last Mac Pro and an updated MacBook Air in June 2013, so this will no doubt be a keynote worth watching. The best laptop is already here, and it's called Dell XPS 13 Related news Amazon Alexa will soon fill you in with voice notifications The best graphics cards of 2017 The 7 best Chromebooks of 2017: the top Chromebooks ranked The 10 best Ultrabooks of 2017: top thin and light laptops reviewed See more Laptops news Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 HTC U11 release date and everything you need to know 2 HTC U11 review 3 RIP MP3 - the sound file that changed the world is declared dead 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors 5 Apple Watch 3 release date, news and rumors 1 HTC U11 review 2 RIP MP3 - the sound file that changed the world is declared dead TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs Mac Desktops MacBooks Displays Networking Storage iPhone/iPad OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses Mac Desktops MacBooks Displays Networking Storage Home Macs News Report: Apple to release new laptops at WWDC 2017 We could finally see a Kaby Lake-based MacBook Pro and a faster 12-inch MacBook this June. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Roman Loyola Senior Editor, Macworld | May 16, 2017 1:04 PM PT Credit: Pexels More like this iPhone 8 rumors: Higher price tag of $999 for 128GB and $1,099 for 256GB will... Which Mac should you buy? With the new iPad, Apple keeps simplifying its product lines Video MacBook Pro review: The Touch Bar bridges the gap between iPad and Mac Faced with pressure from Microsoft and declining iPad sales, Apple will announce updates to its MacBook laptops at the company's Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) in June, according to a report by Bloomberg. Citing "people familiar with the matter," Apple will reveal three new laptops. A new MacBook Pro will sport Intel's Kaby Lake processor, an upgrade over the current Skylake-based models. Bloomberg says that the MacBook will also get a faster CPU, but doesn't specify what Intel part will be used. And perhaps to the surprise of Mac users, Apple may introduce a 13-inch MacBook Air with a faster processor. Bloomberg states that sales of the MacBook Air remain strong, despite the fact that Apple killed the 11-inch MacBook Air last October. Bloomberg reports that the new laptops won't have any design changes; the updates are speed bumps. But the update is important to help reinforce the idea that Apple is committed to the Mac, even if Mac sales make up only 11 percent of the company's revenue. In April, Apple met with select members of the media to discuss the company's Mac commitment and a revamp of the Mac Pro. WWDC tends to focus on Apple's operating systems. Expect to see major updates to iOS and macOS during the WWDC keynote on June 5. There's also been speculation that Apple could release a Siri Speaker to compete with the Amazon Echo and the Google Home. To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Macs MacBook MacBook Pro MacBook Air WWDC Roman has covered technology since the early 1990s. His career started at MacUser, and he's worked for MacAddict, Mac|Life, TechTV, PC/Computing, and Windows NT Systems. He's also written for MacRumors and Realtor.com. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
TRENDING CES 2017 MicroCap Donald Trump MLB Clinton Pol Sports Business Simulations Navigate Zennie62 Personalities, Zennie Abraham Forward Looking Statements Disclaimer YT Comic Con Oscars ATL CHI CLV DAL DC DEN Fash GAMe KIV LA LV BH LON NFL Oakland Obama NYC MIA Phil SF LV SEA SD Tech Zennie62 TOS Cont Who Ad Rates LOG Live FLS Apple to Announce New MacBook, MacBook Pro, and Possibly MacBook Air at WWDC – Mac Rumors Posted on May 16 2017 - 2:30pm by Zennie Abraham Categorized as tech 26 Related Ransomware attack inflames intelligence scrutiny – The Hill Mac Rumors Apple is planning to announce refreshes for its notebook lineup at its upcoming Worldwide Developers Conference set to take place in June, reports Bloomberg. New versions of the MacBook and MacBook Pro are expected to be announced, and Apple is … Apple to update MacBooks at WWDC 2017, including possible Air, Pro refreshAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Apple reportedly updating entire MacBook lineup at WWDCThe Verge Apple Plans Laptop Upgrades to Take on MicrosoftBloomberg BGR –Business Insider –9to5Mac –CNBC all 30 news articles …read more Source:: Tech News By Google News The Zennie62 News Sites Atlanta - Chicago - Denver - Houston - Las Vegas - Los Angeles - New York - Oakland - Oakland News - Washington DC - Orlando - Richmond - Miami - London - Cleveland - RSS - Honolulu - San Diego - San Francisco - Facebook - Dallas - Zennie62 - NFL Football - YouTube - Twitter - RSS - Sims - SFGate - Examiner - College Football - SF Events San Francisco - Tom Teicholz - Microcap Stock News Blog - World News Media Network - Visit and follow Zennie62 at Twitter Share to Linkedin - your text link here. About the Author Zennie Abraham Zennie Abraham is the founder of Zennie62Media which consists of zennie62blog.com and a multimedia blog news aggregator and video network, and 78-blog network, with social media and content development services and consulting. Zennie is a pioneer video blogger, YouTube Partner, social media practitioner, game developer, and pundit. Note: news aggregator content does not reflect the personal views of Mr. Abraham. SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62 ON YOUTUBE here for latest Zennie62 on YouTube videos SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62BLOG.com NEWS FEED SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS from Zennie62Blog.com by Email Zennie62Media: Content Development, Social Media Marketing, Reputation Management click here for more info on our services Become a Zennie62 sponsor, visit the Sponsor Zennie62 page. HELP HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS, donate to Code Of Support . Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Join Our Email List Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Zennie62 on YouTube Zennie62 YouTube at CES 2017 Video downloader for my YT vids Follow Zennie62 Twitter Follow @zennie62 Click For The Vrypac Backpack Subscribe To Zennie62 YouTube Oscars 2016 Zennie62 YouTube Zennie62 On YouTube Proposed Right To Remove Law For Social Media A Good Idea Warriors 136 Spurs 100 - Will Golden State Sweep San Antonio? Livestream Oakland Raiders Las Vegas NFL Lease 1st Doc Done, 11 Not - 2020 Opening Iffy Comey Memo Says Trump Asked Him To End Flynn Investigation Boston Celtics Beat Washington Wizards 115-105, Play Cleveland Wednesday NBA Playoffs ECF Boston Celtics Beat Washington Wizards 115-105, Play Cleveland Wednesday NBA Playoffs ECF Atlanta Falcons Waive Garrett Scantling NFL News, Oakland Raiders Las Vegas Questions IEC Launches Crop Management Services: Vineyard Grapes, Medical Marijuana $IDVV International Endeavors Corp Mates Glamping, Wine, Cannabis $IDVV Las Vegas Stadium Authority Shares Parking Problem With NFL Oakland Raiders Warriors 113 Spurs 111 NBA Playoffs Historic WCF Game 1 - Livestream http://www.youtube.com/c/zennie62 AJ Sports At NFL Combine For Zennie62 Pin It Go to DASHBOARD > Appearance > Menus to set up the menu. Recent Comments labman57 on Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege – Miss USA 2017 – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Rod Harrell on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Zennie Abraham on Mayor Schaaf Announces Plan To Take Oakland Raiders By Eminent Domain (LS) – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Did Oakland Raiders Owner Mark Davis Lie About Coliseum Lease, Las Vegas Decision, At NFL Meeting? – @2017 Zennie62Media | Back to top Open
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education More... MultimediaConsumerScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Companies Last Modified: Wed, May 17 2017. 04 24 AM IST Foxconn seeking 13 acres land in JNPT SEZ, says Nitin Gadkari Nitin Gadkari says he has spoken to Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis about Foxconn seeking 13 acres of land in JNPT SEZ but declined to share more details Subscribe to our newsletter. Jyotika Sood Foxconn Technology Group had in 2015 announced it would set up 12 India plants, creating about 1 million jobs. Photo: Reuters New Delhi: Foxconn Technology Group, which manufactures iPhones for Apple Inc., has sought 13 acres of land in the Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust’s (JNPT) special economic zone (SEZ) in Mumbai, according to shipping and roads minister Nitin Gadkari. The minister said he has spoken to Maharashtra chief minister Devendra Fadnavis about this but declined to share more details. It isn’t immediately clear if Foxconn’s request has anything to do with the many projects it has already announced in India, especially in Maharashtra. A Foxconn spokesperson did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment. The Taiwan-based contract manufacturer, which also makes Apple’s iPads and Microsoft’s Xboxes, has submitted a proposal to the Indian government to revive the Nokia facility at Sriperumbudur in Tamil Nadu which was shut down in 2014 due to a tax dispute of Rs21,000 crore between the Finnish company and Indian tax authorities— rendering thousands jobless. The factory was excluded from Microsoft’s $7.2 billion purchase of Nokia’s global phone operations two years ago. In 2015, Foxconn had announced it would set up 12 factories in India, creating about 1 million jobs. The same year, it signed an exploratory agreement with Maharashtra to set up an electronics manufacturing plant in the state, investing $5 billion over five years. JNPT chairman Anil Diggikar confirmed that Foxconn was looking to buy land in the SEZ but said the talks were at an early stage. A senior government official said on condition of anonymity that Foxconn executives have met the JNPT chairman and officials in the Maharashtra government. He added that the company officials also had a look at JNPT infrastructure and facilities available. “The second round of meetings haven’t happened because the company is yet to come back,” this person said. Jaijeet Bhattacharya, partner, infrastructure and government services, KPMG says Foxconn’s decision to make such a significant investment demonstrates the efficacy of the government’s Make in India programme and its effort to encourage the electronics manufacturing in India. Jyotika Sood Topics: Foxconn India plant Nitin Gadkari JNPT SEZ Maharashtra More From Livemint READ MORE Global gold prices shine as Donald Trump’s mounting troubles hurt dollar Great Eastern Energy to invest $1 billion on natural gas, shale SC asks AIMPLB: Can women have option of saying no to triple talaq in ‘nikahnama’? First Published: Wed, May 17 2017. 01 53 AM IST Editor's Picks CBI, I-T raids on Lalu Prasad, Chidambaram revive corruption debate Airtel-Tikona deal: Reliance Jio asks telecom dept to withhold clearance Maruti Suzuki CEO questions govt’s ambitious electric vehicle plans Latest News SC asks AIMPLB: Can women have option of saying no to triple talaq in ‘nikahnama’? Cannes 2017: A to Z IAS officer Anurag Tiwari found dead near guest house in Lucknow 11 stocks soared 1000-1800% during three years of Modi government Tata Group is India’s most valuable brand: Brand Finance Mint On Sunday The amazing adventures of Dadasaheb Phalke Naxals and their international counterparts Between a mercenary and a missionary A bra that fits? Letter from... Thrissur Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search iPhone 7 Plus might be killing the iPad Mini Eric Abent - May 16, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit If you count yourself as an Apple fan, then you may have noticed that there’s one device that hasn’t really gotten any love in a while: the iPad Mini. The last update the iPad Mini line received was back in September 2015 with the introduction of the iPad Mini 4, and even then, it was announced without much fanfare as a footnote to a larger iPad Pro presentation. If it seems to you like Apple is beginning to shift away from the iPad Mini, you may not be wrong – new rumors claim that Apple is looking to discontinue the iPad Mini line altogether. According to an Apple source who spoke to BGR, the company will soon begin phasing out the iPad Mini, which suggests that it will begin to focus more heavily on 9.7-inch iPad and larger. The reason for this is rather unsurprising, as the source claims that there is “fierce cannibalism of our own products.” It certainly isn’t hard to imagine that a device like the iPhone 7 Plus would cut into the iPad Mini’s sales. The iPad Mini was originally launched before an iPhone the size of the Plus existed, and it filled a nice little spot between the smaller iPhone 5 and the larger iPad. With the iPhone Plus line now offering a 5.5-inch display, it makes sense that consumers would view the iPad Mini as unnecessary. This source suggests that iPad Mini sales are on the decline, pushing Apple to decide to phase it out. It’s worth pointing out that at the moment, the iPad landing page over on Apple.com makes no mention of the iPad Mini, though it shows off both iPad Pro models, the standard iPad, and a number of accessories. Perhaps that means the iPad Mini is truly on the way out? If it is, we probably shouldn’t expect Apple to make a big fuss about it. Instead, we’ll probably see the iPad Mini quietly phased out as Apple bolsters its larger iPads. Obviously, approach this with a dose of skepticism (as you would all rumors), and for now, head down to the comments section and let us know if you think it’s time to discontinue the iPad Mini. SOURCE: BGR Story Timeline iPad Mini 4 teardown: a hard to repair mini iPad Air 2 DisplayMate on iPad Pro: great but iPad mini 4 still better iPad Pro 2017 release tipped with iPad mini Pro and new 12.9-inch model iPad mini Pro said to be one of four new iPads coming Tags Appleipad miniipad mini 4rumorstablets Must Read Bits & Bytes Go-tcha Review for Pokemon GO [Auto Update Auto-Catch Time!] After 20 years, HTC reveals how the sausage is made HTC U11 hands-on: The Android flagship you want to squeeze Volvo is using Android for its new infotainment system [UPDATE: Audi too!] 2017 Chevrolet Colorado ZR2 First Drive: Right-size off-roader offers high-tech romp Latest Headlines It’s the Moto E4’s turn to be leaked May 17, 2017 5 million Galaxy S8 units sold in less than a month May 16, 2017 Google could unveil standalone VR headset at I/O 2017 May 16, 2017 LG Watch Sport for Verizon has been cancelled, buyers get credit May 16, 2017 MacBook refresh tipped for WWDC may include new 12″, Air, and Pro models May 16, 2017 Latest Reviews Go-tcha Review for Pokemon GO [Auto Update Auto-Catch Time!] May 16, 2017 Elgato Stream Deck Review: Too useful just for Twitch streamers May 15, 2017 Lenovo Yoga 720 Review — a slim, premium laptop with Thunderbolt May 10, 2017 Hulu Live TV Review: The promise of good things to come May 7, 2017 Mario Kart 8 Deluxe review: The return of the king May 5, 2017 Search © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 17, 2:52 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology iPhone 8 Rumors: Apple Granted Patents For Bezel-Less Display, Embedded Touch ID By Denisse Moreno On 05/16/17 AT 4:06 PM Close Previous rumors have pointed to an iPhone 8 with a bezel-less screen and embedded Touch ID. Now, recently revealed patents are backing up claims that Apple is exploring the technology. Apple was granted a patent for an edge-to-edge display and another patent for a Touch ID embedded in the display screen, Patently Apple reported Tuesday. Read: iPhone 8 To Get LG Facial Recognition System Module For 3D Front-Facing Camera The patent,  “Reducing the border area of a device,” looks to make the screen display bigger on electronic devices. “Although the border area in some touch-based devices may already be relatively small compared to the display/touch-active area, further reducing the border area would nevertheless help to maximize the space available for the display/touch-active area of the device without increasing the overall size of the device,” the patent said. The patent went on to say that bending the edges on the devices would allow the edge-to-edge display to wrap around the device, which is how it’s done on the Samsung Galaxy S8. The patent explained: “This relates to methods and systems for reducing the border areas of an electronic device so as to maximize the display/interactive touch areas of the device. In particular, a flexible substrate can be used to fabricate the display panel and/or the touch sensor panel [referred to collectively herein as a "circuit panel"] of a mobile electronic device so that the edges of the display panel and/or the touch sensor panel can be bent. Bending the edges can reduce the width [or length] of the panel, which in turn can allow the overall device to be narrower without reducing the display/touch-active area of the device.” Read: iPhone 8 Release Date: Apple Could Launch Device In October, According To Supply Chain Reports The second patent, “Electronic device including finger biometric sensor including transparent conductive blocking areas carried by a touch display and related methods,” lists the benefits of allowing a user to authenticate without taking a finger off the screen. The patent is not the first relating to an embedded Touch ID. Apple was granted patent for embedded Touch ID. Photo: United States Patent and Trademark Office “Where a fingerprint sensor is integrated into an electronic device or host device, for example, as noted above, it may be desirable to more quickly perform authentication, particularly while performing another task or an application on the electronic device,” the patent said. “In other words, in some instances it may be undesirable to have a user perform an authentication in a separate authentication step, for example switching between tasks to perform the authentication.” iPhone 8 Rumors, Release Date, Price Both features have been rumored to be included in the upcoming iPhone 8. The device is also rumored to come with an OLED edge-to-edge display,  vertical dual-camera system, a 3D-sensing front camera and wireless charging. Apple’s 10th anniversary smartphone is expected to be released this fall alongside the iPhone 7S and iPhone 7S Plus. A Goldman Sachs analyst recently predicted the iPhone 8 is will cost $1,000. Join the Discussion Most Read Related Stories Apple To Integrate Siri Into Messages App Here's A Roundup Of All The iPhone 8 Rumors Newsletter Everything You Need To Know, Right Now Sign up for the newsletter. Subscribe Recommended Business Uber Wanted To Partner With Tesla, But Musk Said No Travis Kalanick, CEO of the ride-hailing company, called Tesla CEO Elon Musk to propose a self-driving partnership between the two companies, a new book says. Technology Google May Unveil A New High-End Virtual Reality Headset Google will reportedly announce a new virtual reality headset at its Google I/O developer's conference. World Heavy Rainstorms Changed Mars Surface The atmosphere on Mars evolved over time, and during that period of climate change, rain probably fell hard enough in storms that carved out the surface and eroded craters. National Trump Could Be Held Responsible For Obstruction Of Justice: Angus King Donald Trump reportedly told former FBI Director James Comey to end investigation into Michael Flynn’s Russia connections. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Hardware Unboxed Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Industry Software digital assistant Digital assistants drive new meta-platform battle They have the potential to completely devalue the underlying platforms on which they run By Bob O'Donnell on May 16, 2017, 10:00 AM TechSpot In case you hadn’t noticed, the OS platform battle is over. Oh, and nobody really won, because basically, all the big players did, depending on your perspective. Google has the largest number of people using Android, Apple generates the most income via iOS, and Windows still commands the workplace for Microsoft. But the stakes are getting much higher for the next looming battle in the tech world. This one will be based around digital assistants, such as Amazon’s Alexa, Apple’s Siri, Microsoft’s Cortana and Google’s Assistant, among others. While much of the initial focus is, rightfully, around the voice-based computing capabilities of these assistants, I believe we’re going to see these assistants expand into text-driven chatbots, AI-driven autonomous software helpers and, most importantly, de facto digital gateways that end up tieing together a wide range of smart and connected devices. From smart homes to smart cars, as well as smartphones, PCs and wearables that span both our personal and professional lives, these digital assistants will (ideally) provide the consistent glue that brings together computing, services and much more across many disparate OS platforms. In short, they should be able to make our lives better organized, and our devices and services much easier to use. That’s why these assistants are so strategically important, and why so many other companies—from Facebook to Samsung—are working on their own variations. Another fascinating aspect of these digital assistants is that they have the potential to completely devalue the underlying platforms on which they run. To put it succinctly, if I can use, say, Alexa across an iPhone, a Windows PC, my smart home components and a future connected car, where does the unique value of iOS or Windows 10 go? Out the door…. This overarching importance and distancing from different platforms is why I refer to these assistants as the pre-eminent example of a “meta-platform”: something that provides the potential for expansion, via both APIs for new software development, and the connectivity of a regular platform, but at a layer “above” a traditional OS. With that thought in mind, it’s interesting to look at recent data TECHnalysis Research collected as part of a nearly 1,000-person survey of US consumers on usage of digital assistants on smartphones, PCs and, the hottest new entrant, smart speakers such as Amazon’s Alexa and Google Home. As mentioned earlier, in their present incarnations, these digital assistants are primarily focused on voice-based computing and the kinds of applications that are best-suited for simple voice-driven queries. So, to get a better sense of how these assistants are used, respondents were asked in separate questions how often (or even if) they used digital assistants on smart speakers (such as Amazon Echo), smartphones and PCs. The results were combined into the chart below. What’s fascinating is that, even though the smart speaker category is relatively new (the Echo is less than 2 years old) and Siri, the first smartphone-based digital assistant, arrived in 2011, it’s clear that people with access to a smart speaker like Echo (around 14% of US households according to the survey results) are using digital assistants significantly more than those with smart phones. While it’s tempting to suggest that this may be due to the perceived accuracy of the different assistants, in a separate question about accuracy, the rankings for Alexa, Siri and Google’s Assistant were nearly identical, meaning there was no one clear favorite. Instead, these results suggest that a dedicated function device placed in a central location within a home simply invites more usage. Translation: if you want to be relevant in these early stages of the digital assistant battle, you need to have a dedicated smart speaker offering. Of course, the other challenge is that most people are now increasingly exposed to and use multiple digital assistants from multiple players. In fact, 56% of the respondents acknowledged that they at least occasionally (and some frequently) used multiple assistants, with differing degrees of comfort in making the switch between them. The largest single group, 26%, said they were loyal to and consistently used one assistant and ignored the others, but as competition in this area heats up, those loyalties are likely to be tested. Digital assistant technology has a long way to go, and their current usage patterns only provide some degree of insight into what their long-term capabilities will be. Nevertheless, it’s clear that the meta-platform battle for digital assistants is going to have a significantly broader and longer-lasting impact than the OS platform battles of yore. That, by itself, will make them essential to watch and understand. Bob O’Donnell is the founder and chief analyst of TECHnalysis Research, LLC a technology consulting and market research firm. You can follow him on Twitter @bobodtech. This article was originally published on Tech.pinions. Image credit: CNN Money. Related Reads Op-ed: Paying for digital privacy Western Digital to purchase SanDisk for $19 billion The US ranks fifth in digital readiness, report finds 3 comments 139 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… 'Half-Life 2: VR' is coming to Steam for Oculus and Vive Toyota backs flying car to be used in 2020 Tokyo Olympics MP3 contributor ends format's licencing program as patents expire Popular 34 comments AMD's Ryzen 9 "Threadripper" CPU lineup leaks, capped by 16-core / 32-thread monster North Korea starts to emerge as prime suspect behind WannaCry ransomware 13 comments Microsoft patches Windows XP against 'WannaCrypt' malware, despite official support ending in 2014 Asus ROG Strix GL502VS Gaming Laptop Review 45 Years Later: Die photos and analysis of the revolutionary 8008 microprocessor Load Comments 3 ... User Comments: 3 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 98 How often do you replace your computer? 34 AMD's Ryzen 9 "Threadripper" CPU lineup leaks, capped by 16-core / 32-thread monster 31 Microsoft slams NSA for enabling recent Ransomware attack 19 The FTC cracks down on tech support scammers 25 Trump's new executive order looks to improve government cyber defenses Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 5 Things to Know About the iOS 10.3.3 Update Adam Mills05/16/2017 The iOS 10.3.2 update is only a few hours old but you can already try out its successor. Apple’s confirmed a new iOS 10.3.3 update for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. The iOS 10.3.3 update isn’t as exciting as the rumored iOS 11 update but it’s certainly worth monitoring as we push closer to Apple’s announcements at WWDC 2017. Today we want to rundown the most important things to know right now about the iOS 10.3.3 update. This guide includes a glimpse at the iOS 10.3.3 beta and a few things we expect from the iOS 10.3.3 release date and time. Let’s start with the most important things to know, right now, about the iOS 10.3.3 beta for your iPhone, iPad or iPod touch. iOS 10.3.3 Beta If you want to try out the iOS 10.3.3 update ahead of its official release you can. Apple’s released an iOS 10.3.3 beta to paid developers. The beta isn’t available to the general public just yet but we expect the beta to land for those in the Beta Software Program. The company’s Beta Software Program is available to anyone with a working Apple ID. If decide to try early version of iOS 10.3.3 ahead of its official release date, proceed with caution. Early iOS software can and probably will, cause problems on your device. In order to combat these problems, we recommend doing some prep work before installing the iOS 10.3.3 beta on your device. If you do notice issues on your device, you’ll want to report those issues to Apple. This way, the company can improve the final release. You Can Downgrade from iOS 10.3.3 Beta If you decide to try the iOS 10.3.3 beta on your device you’ll want to get familiar with the downgrade process. If you run into problems with the iOS 10.3.3 beta you might want to downgrade to an official version of iOS 10. Apple is currently signing off on iOS 10.3.2 and iOS 10.3.1 which means you can drop back down to either one of those if your device struggles with the beta on board. The company will close up the iOS 10.3.1 downgrade path but you’ll always be able to downgrade to iOS 10.3.2. Once you make the move to iOS 10.3.3 beta there’s no going back to anything older than iOS 10.3.1. So if you are running iOS 10.2.1, iOS 9, or (god forbid) iOS 8, you should be extremely careful with iOS 10.3.3 beta. For many of you, it probably isn’t worth it. iOS 10.3.3 Update One of the reasons iOS 10.3.3 isn’t worth the trouble is because those testing the iOS 10.3.3 beta haven’t discovered anything of note. The iOS 10.3.3 beta 1 doesn’t appear to have any new features. And based on the version number, iOS 10.x.x, we can assume iOS 10.3.3 (and future betas) will focus on fixing bugs and improving device security. If we, or beta testers, find anything we’ll update this post. iOS 10.3.3 Release Date Apple hasn’t confirmed an iOS 10.3.3 release date so there’s no telling how long the update will stay in the company’s beta program. Apple only confirms specific iOS release dates on stage during media events but we don’t expect iOS 10.3.3 to play a role at WWDC 2017. Instead, we expect the company to focus on its upcoming iOS 11 update and beta. It’s impossible to predict a precise release date for iOS 10.3.3 but you can expect the company to release a few more betas before the software pushes out to the general public. The company’s last maintenance release, iOS 10.3.2, went through a six-week beta process before Apple released it for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. iOS 10.2.1, another recent bug fix update, went through four betas before it arrived for the public. iOS 10.3.3 Release Time The iOS 10.3.3 release date might be difficult to predict but the iOS 10.3.3 release time isn’t. Apple’s iOS 10.3.3 update will almost certainly arrive around 10AM Pacific on release day. You can expect the same from Apple’s iOS 10.3.3 beta releases. Here’s what that will look like for other regions in the United States and countries around the world including Australia and Japan: Eastern – 1 PM Central – 12 PM Mountain – 11AM London – 6 PM Moscow – 9 PM New Delhi – 10:30 PM Shanghai – 1 AM Tokyo – 2 AM Melbourne – 3 AM Auckland – 5 AM Apple never releases iOS updates on the weekend and it typically releases new software on Monday and Thursday. 4 Reasons Not to Install iOS 10.3.2 & 9 Reasons You Should Install iOS 10.3.2 If You Want Better Security   1 / 13 If you value your security, you'll want to seriously consider downloading the iOS 10.3.2 update on your iPhone or iPad.  iOS 10.3.2 brings (by our count) 23 security patches for a potential exploits. That's a ton for a small maintenance update and a great reason to install iOS 10.3.2 in the near future. Your iOS 10.3.2 update will bring even more security features if you failed to download previous versions of iOS. If you skipped iOS 10.3.1, your iOS 10.3.2 update will bring its security patch. If you skipped iOS 10.3, iOS 10.3.2 will also bring its monster list of patches as well.  The iOS 10.3 update delivered over 60 known patches for potential exploits. That's substantial, even for a milestone upgrade. The previous version of iOS 10, iOS 10.2.1, brought 14 known patches. If you skipped the iOS 10.2.1 update and/or the iOS 10.2 update, know that iOS 10.3.2 brings their security patches with it as well. Again, the iOS 10.2.1 update had 14 important patches on board. You can see them all right here.  If you failed to install Apple's iOS 9.3.5 update, iOS 10.3.2 will also bring the three crucial security patches it delivered last year. These patch up serious security problems that could potentially expose your calls, contacts, texts, and emails. These patches enhance the security on your iPhone, iPad and iPod touch making them ideal for those of you who store sensitive files/data on your device.    1 / 13 Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/google-made-e-mail-free-are-cars-next-1494954007 Hot Stocks Google Made E-mail Free; Are Cars Next? Tesla makes money by selling its cars, but Google and Apple could have different motivations for getting into the car business. By Emily Bary May 16, 2017 1:00 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large One analyst thinks Apple might eventually start a mobility service so that it can drive you around in ‘a mobile Apple store.’ Illustration: Getty Images/iStockphoto Yesterday, Morgan Stanley downgraded shares of Tesla. Today the firm’s analyst, Adam Jonas, is weighing in with more reasons why. The news that Lyft will partner with Google’s Waymo driving unit on autonomous-driving efforts highlights that tech companies are getting smarter about cars. Alphabet, Google’s parent company, brings its technology to the table, and Lyft brings a fleet that drives “thousands of times more miles” than Waymo’s cars do, Jonas wrote. More from Barron’s Next Will End of Subsidies ‘Kill’ Electric Vehicle Market? Tesla’s Truck: A Bullish Analyst Responds to Critics When to Buy Airline Tickets to Get The Cheapest Fare In the near term, all those miles mean more data to capture, which feeds back into autonomous-driving programs to help make them better. In the medium-to-long term, though, once the kinks have been worked out, tech companies could choose to drive you around as a way to capture data on you and then try to sell you stuff. And that’s the part that Jonas thinks should scare Tesla investors. “One of the biggest concerns we have about the ‘end-state’ of shared mobility from a Tesla perspective is the risk that other firms could enter the market as a competitor, offering the mobility service from, say, New York to Boston or from Santa Monica to LAX at a loss… just to get access to your time and data,” he wrote. That model could allow Google to one day drive you around practically for free. Think what Google did for email. Apple, Jonas thinks, might care less about selling cars and more about getting people from one place to another in “a mobile Apple store,” where presumably they’d be tempted to buy products or services. Big Picture: The tech giants might have different motives than Tesla for getting into autonomous driving, and one analyst thinks that should give Tesla investors pause. Text Size Regular Medium Large Emily Bary emily.bary@Barrons.com • @emilybary Most Popular Google Made E-mail Free; Are Cars Next? Why It’s Worth Choosing Credit Over Debit The Best Day to Buy Airline Tickets Facebook Copies Snapchat. Yes, Again. Latest In Barrons Next Hot Stocks Latest In Barrons Next Hot Stocks Barrons Next Hot Stocks For Netflix, It’s a Big World Out There For Netflix, It’s a Big World Out There Netflix’s U.S. subscriber numbers could be soft in the first quarter, but investors might not care.Netflix’s U.S. subscriber numbers could be soft in the first quarter, but investors might not care. Barrons Next Hot Stocks Electronic Arts Scores Again as Business Shifts Electronic Arts Scores Again as Business Shifts The video game company is selling more digital downloads. Barrons Next Hot Stocks Test Apple story Test Apple story This is a test dek in QA. Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Routers & Networking Software Trending: Nintendo Switch Nokia 3310 iPhone 7 Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / Laptop News / Could a huge MacBook refresh steal the show at WWDC 2017? Could a huge MacBook refresh steal the show at WWDC 2017? by Chris Smith 12 hours ago 0 shares Read Comments Apple MacBook users could have an interest in WWDC 2017 beyond a new version of macOS, according to a Bloomberg report on Tuesday. According to sources, Cupertino’s entire MacBook line-up is scheduled for a refresh at the traditionally software-focused keynote on June 5. The report says Apple is giving the MacBook Pro a new, faster Intel Kaby Lake chipset. The source said the new Pro model might even have a new in-house chip that would improve low-power performance. Related: MacBook Pro 2016 (with Touch Bar) review The 12-inch Retina MacBook is also likely to get an annual speed boost, according to the report. Interestingly, Apple is also planning to give the 13-inch MacBook Air, now the sole model in the range, a refresh. One of the sources said the sales of Apple’s entry-level notebook had remained “surprisingly strong.” Despite the absence of a Retina Display and the lack of a processing update since 2015, it’s easy to see why the Air would remain popular. It’s $300 /£300 cheaper than the 12-inch MacBook, has more connectivity options, all-day battery life and the beloved MagSafe connector, which is now gone from all other MacBooks in favour of USB-C. Although these updates seem largely iterative, Apple fans will hope the biggest change comes in the price point. Both the MacBook Pro and Retina MacBook have been criticised for unfriendly pricing, while the MacBook Air could probably drop a shade lower to remain competitive. With Microsoft making an even more aggressive push for the notebook market with the Windows 10 S-running Surface Laptop, it's clear Apple needs to respond. With the Surface Laptop, Surface Pro and Surface Book, does Microsoft now have a hardware advantage over the Mac stable? Share your thoughts in the comments below. Latest Deals From Ebay Apple 13.3" MacBook Pro 8GB RAM 256GB SSD (Space Gray or Silver) (Late 2016) $1,279.99 View Item Apple 13.3" MacBook Pro w/Touch Bar, Retina, 256GB SSD (Space Gray or Silver) $1,549.99 View Item Apple MacBook Pro Retina 13.3" Laptop mid 2014 i5 2.6GHz 8GB 53 bids $650.00 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Apple’s pizza box keeps the cafeteria pies warm Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Death by caffeine Unsanitary guests New Trump spokeswoman? Spurs’ coach on Zaza U2 light-rail nightmare? Who’s going after Kap? Breaking News FBI chief’s unceremonious ouster boomerangs on president Business Technology Apple’s pizza geniuses figure out a way to literally hold the anchovies Employees can take pizza back to their desks in a high-tech box Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Check out Apple’s cool pizza-box design By Patrick May | pmay@bayareanewsgroup.com | Bay Area News Group PUBLISHED: May 16, 2017 at 12:13 pm | UPDATED: May 16, 2017 at 1:39 pm Leave it to Apple, that obsessively fastidious brain trust from leafy Cupertino, to leave no edgy design stone unturned as the company begins moving into its new spaceship-shaped campus. In fact, let’s call it pizza-pie-shaped campus, shall we? Related Articles Watch: Apple campus construction Apple to give $1 billion boost to U.S. manufacturing Apple gets even bigger: Market cap touches $800 billion Yes, Apple is now officially focused like a laser-beam on pizza, and, more specifically, how to transport those personal-sized pies from the cafeterias at the new Apple Park to the work stations housing its ambitious eat-at-our-desk employees. After getting a sneak peek of the new campus, Wired magazine this morning published some cool details about the structure, including sliding glass doors that weigh 440,000 pounds each and 9,000 trees that co-founder Steve Jobs saw as a way to restore a piece of Silicon Valley to the Valley of Heart’s Delight as this region used to be known. Enter, a patented pizza box. The big bit of innovation in the circular box, which was designed in part by Francesco Longoni, head of Apple’s food services team, is the cutting-edge sogginess-prevention feature: a series of eight small holes which allow the hot air in the box to escape and therefore not turn the pizza into a wet rag of mushy dough. The box has a ruffled bottom, which also helps prevent the pie from going, well, limp. Check out this language from the original patent application. And, no, we are not making this up! “(I)n order to prevent moisture from being trapped beneath the pizza rendering the pizza soggy, selected portions of an interior surface of a base of the container can be elevated to provide a support platform. In one embodiment, the elevated portion can take the form of concentric rings that elevate the pizza from the bottom surface of the container. Elevating the pizza from the bottom surface ensures that any steam that is emitted from the bottom of the pizza can flow away from the bottom of the pizza. Allowing such steam to flow away from the bottom of the pizza prevents moisture from becoming trapped between the pizza and the bottom surface of the container and subsequently reabsorbed by the pizza causing it to get soggy.” Wired points out that the patent for the box was also published in 2012 and filed in 2010, which means Apple has applied a considerable amount of brain power getting its pie-transport device just right. Various blogs have reported that Apple has already been using these boxes at its headquarters at One Infinite Loop. The magazine also included a quote from Jony Ive, Apple’s design guru, that comes right after the description of the so-called Special Box. “It’s not clear whether he’s actually referring to the Special Box,” wrote one blogger, “but we dearly hope he is:” “We’re amortizing this in an entirely different way,” Ive says. “We don’t measure this in terms of numbers of people. We think about it in terms of the future. The goal was to create an experience and an environment that felt like a reflection of who we are as a company. This is our home, and everything we make in the future is going to start here.” And for one more peek at the box, here’s what the Guardian came across on Twitter in 2013, two years after Steve Jobs’ death. Note: The box has apparently been signed by many of Jobs’ colleagues and placed among other memorial items that had been left in his honor. @mantia @panzer the Caffè Macs pizza box is nice and when Steve Jobs died was signed by many Apple Food’s employees pic.twitter.com/wG5A63C3xc — setteB.IT (@setteBIT) December 19, 2013 Credit: Apple Tags:  Apple Regional Patrick May Patrick May is an award-winning writer for the Bay Area News Group working with the business desk as a general assignment reporter. Over his 34 years in daily newspapers, he has traveled overseas and around the nation, covering wars and natural disasters, writing both breaking news stories and human-interest features. He has won numerous national and regional writing awards during his years as a reporter, 17 of them spent at the Miami Herald. Follow Patrick May @patmaymerc Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Kawakami: The Warriors are stampeding the Spurs Thompson: Stephen Curry has become unsolvable riddle for Spurs Steph and Ayesha Curry cut price for Walnut Creek home even more UPDATE: Giants keep rolling, beat Dodgers for their fifth straight victory San Jose: Cycling community mourns Mount Hamilton crash victim San Jose: Young mom killed in crash near Communications Hill Miss Manners: I suspect my guests of this unsanitary behavior There’s no turning back from Warriors stampeding the Spurs More in Technology SV150: Companies set records for profitability and productivity May 01, 2017, 12:34 pm The group’s performance would have been even better but Apple’s declining sales and profits dragged it down. Biz Break: How well Facebook stops “fake” news is up for debate May 16, 2017, 4:08 pm A study by U.K. news organization the Guardian says Facebook’s efforts to combat “fake” news may be coming up short. Twitter co-founder Biz Stone returns to ‘guide company culture’ May 16, 2017, 3:45 pm Twitter co-founder Biz Stone’s return to the tech firm could help improve morale at a company that has faced a string of executive departures, but questions remain about Twitter’s business. Delphi joins BMW-Intel-Mobileye autonomous car partnership May 16, 2017, 7:31 am Automotive parts and electronics maker Delphi Corp. has joined with BMW, Intel and Mobileye to develop the building blocks of autonomous vehicles. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Job Board Social Good Summit Business Like Follow Follow Apple is launching a big, celeb-filled program to get you to hang out in their stores 741 Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Image: Leon Neal/Getty Images By Patrick Kulp2017-05-16 19:21:52 UTC Apple is doubling down on its quest to turn its stores into more than just a stop on a shopping trip.  The Cupertino giant unveiled a host of new programs on Tuesday meant to make its retail locations feel more like community gathering places of sorts. One of these moves is a new "Today" section on Apple's website that will serve as a central hub for daily happenings in the company's nearly 500 stores worldwide. SEE ALSO: Apple launches global in-store education program The redesign is part of the "Today at Apple" program the company announced last month — a regular slate of workshops on photography, film, and other pursuits that can be supplemented with Apple products. Apple will officially launch that effort this week. Each of its stores will offer their inaugural "Photo Walk," an educational tour led by a well-known local photographer, and "Kids Hour" session this Saturday along with a host of other special events. New York City elementary school students learn about coding on a class field trip to an Apple Store. Image: Andrew Burton/Getty Images Some of Apple's more heavily trafficked locations will also feature big-name guests for music performances, lectures, and hands-on instruction. Soul singer Leon Bridges and free-form dancer Lil Buck (who recently appeared in an Apple commercial) will perform at Apple's new flagship store in downtown San Francisco late on Saturday. Meanwhile, singer Estelle will give an evening show at the store in New York's SoHo district, while reggae act Christopher Martin plays Apple's new Williamsburg store. Demi Lovato performs at Apple's SoHo store in an appearance last October. Image: Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images The whole extravaganza is part of a larger vision for Apple's iconic stores that its retail chief, Angela Ahrendts, laid out last Spring at the grand opening of its flagship store. The idea is to turn the stores into a sort of public square, where people would come for workshops, performances, or, maybe, just to hang out. To that end, the chaotic Genius Bars at Apple's stores will eventually be replaced with the tree-lined Genius Grove, and more creativity-focused counterparts will be introduced alongside it. "Genius Groves," like this one in a London Apple store, are supposed to be more peaceful than desk-based support. Image: Leon Neal/Getty Image Ahrendts said then that she wants to eventually get to the point where people might casually ask one another to hang out at an Apple Store the same way they would, say, a movie theater or a shopping mall.  "This is the overarching vision for the future of Apple retail," Ahrendts said at the time. "We will know we've done really great when it feels like a town square." The more time people linger in the store, of course, the more likely they are to buy something. But that's not the only reason Apple is trying to be more recreational. The company has increasingly stressed the hobbyist aspects of iPhone functionality in its ad campaigns and marketing material. The thinking seems to be that as people grow more consumed with the photography and art made possible with the iPhone, they'll care more about incremental features like improvements to the camera resolution or better touch sensitivity.  That makes it easier for Apple to sell people on the need to upgrade their phones every time it rolls out a new version, even if the company might be facing diminishing returns in the innovation still possible with each new iteration. If nothing else, the program is an affirmation that Apple has no problem with people who loiter in its stores just to mess around with the display gadgets.  WATCH: Testing out Apple's new wireless AirPods Topics: Apple, Business About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Apple to Unveil Three New Laptops Including Updated MacBook Pro at WWDC [Report] iPhone 8 Renders Based on 'Highly Detailed CAD File' [Images] Apple Launches 'Today at Apple' Programs at Its Retail Stores [Video] Beautiful iOS 11 Redesign With Dark Mode, Inspired by Apple Music App [Images] Apple Pay Launches in Italy Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 [Download] Tim Cook Charity Lunch Auction Raises $688,999 to Benefit RFK Center An Early Look Inside Apple Park Apple to Update Apple Watch With Glucose Monitoring, Smart Bands? Apple Posts New Beats By Dre Ad Featuring LeBron James, Kevin Durant, Draymond Green, James Harden [Video] Apple Seeds iOS 10.3.3 Beta 1 to Developers [Download] Apple to Phase Out the iPad Mini? Apple Releases macOS Sierra 10.12.5 [Download] App-Specific Passwords Will Be Required for Third-Party Access to iCloud Data Starting June 15 Instagram Launches Face Filters, Rewind, Hashtag Sticker, Eraser Brush [Video] Apple Posts New iPhone 7 Plus Ad: Barbers [Video] Nintendo is Bringing 'The Legend of Zelda' to iPhone [Report] Apple Likely to Unveil 10.5-inch iPad Pro, Siri Smart Speaker at WWDC [Report] Philips Announces New Philips Hue White Ambiance Fixtures, Table Lamps, Candle Bulb Apple Releases watchOS 3.2.2 [Download] Apple to Unveil Three New Laptops Including Updated MacBook Pro at WWDC [Report] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 11 hours ago by iClarified · 3594 views · Translate Apple is planning to unveil three new laptops at its Worldwide Developer Conference next month, reports Bloomberg. The move is viewed as an attempt to offset new competition from Microsoft and declining iPad sales. Apple is planning three new laptops, according to people familiar with the matter. The MacBook Pro will get a faster Kaby Lake processor from Intel Corp., said the people, who requested anonymity to discuss internal planning. Apple is also working on a new version of the 12-inch MacBook with a faster Intel chip. The company has also considered updating the aging 13-inch MacBook Air with a new processor as sales of the laptop, Apple’s cheapest, remain surprisingly strong, one of the people said. The new MacBook is thought to differ mostly in internal architecture. It's been rumored that Apple is working on an in-house chip to manage low-power mode; however, it's unclear if that will debut in the upcoming model. Apple's MacBook hasn't received a speed bump since 2015 and the 12-inch MacBook was last updated in April 2016. The company is expected to also unveil a new version of macOS at WWDC. Please follow iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for updates. Read More Follow iClarified Comments (1) Add Comment SayingWhatEveryonesThinking - 3 hours ago It's rumored Apple will bring back the MagSafe power cord and other often used ports to cut down on the need to have adapters for everything a user would need. Oh wait, it's not? They're removing the headphone jack now too? Ugh. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple Goes 'Beyond WWDC' with Third Party Events New Report Says iPad mini to be Discontinued Soon Apple Seeds First Developer Releases of iOS 10.3.3, watchOS 3.2.3, tvOS 10.2.2 Tips macOS: Great Wallpaper is Hidden in Your Mac's Screensaver Collection iCloud and iWork: Using On-Demand Downloads Podcasts iPad mini on Life Support, Michael Lombardo at Apple - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-16 TMO Background Mode Interview with Astrophysicist Dr. Kelly Holley-Bockelmann View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Dear Apple: When Will Siri Be Good Enough to Protect My Family? A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Alexa, Siri, You're Not a Trusted Family Member With Mac and PC Designs Mature, Computational Power is Sexier Siri's No Amazon Alexa yet, but Give Her Time View All Editorials → Apple Courts Michael Lombardo to Head Original TV Programming Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet 1 minute read May 16th, 2017 11:03 AM EDT | News Apple is apparently courting former HBO president of programming Michael Lombardo to head up its original TV programming for Apple Music. He’s the guy who was responsible for shows such as The Newsroom, Boardwalk Empire, True Blood, and Game of Thrones, and Apple no doubt wants to replicate that success with its own streaming shows. Apple considers HBO’s Michael Lombardo for original TV show programming The iPhone and iPad maker has been on the hunt for its own programming director, according to The Information. That’s a sign Apple is serious about its original programming efforts, and should be a red flag to Netflix and Amazon Prime: Apple wants to compete toe to toe. Apple has already started working on its own original shows, such as Carpool Karaoke, Planet of the Apps, and Vital Signs. Carpool Karaoke was originally scheduled to premiere this spring, but has been pushed back until later in the year. Original shows are a big draw for Netflix and Amazon Prime, and could be big business for Apple, too. The company is looking for ways to set Apple Music apart from other streaming music services, and original shows look to be a big part of that strategy. Apple has already taken Apple Music down the video path with documentaries likes Taylor Swift’s 1989 World Tour Live. Apple also just purchased the exclusive rights to Clive Davis: The Soundtrack Of Our Lives, a documentary about the music industry legend. Streaming original TV series and movies is big business for Netflix and Amazon Prime, and it looks like Apple wants in on the action, too. Unique content has proven to be a big draw for online viewing, and that translates into paying subscribers. Hiring a programming director will bring focus to Apple’s haphazard approach to streaming shows—and if Michael Lombardo does come on board Apple is setting itself up for what could be serious contenders for our television screens. It looks like the non-traditional TV game is about to get even more interesting. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: Michael Lombardo, original content, streaming TV You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay How to Remove Conexant Keylogger Found on HP Laptop Models A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too 5 Less Expensive Wireless Alternatives to AirPods Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Dear Apple: When Will Siri Be Good Enough to Protect My Family? John Martellaro | May 16, 2017 macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Andrew Orr | May 15, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $155.47 -0.23 (-0.15%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple Goes 'Beyond WWDC' with Third Party Events New Report Says iPad mini to be Discontinued Soon Apple Seeds First Developer Releases of iOS 10.3.3, watchOS 3.2.3, tvOS 10.2.2 Apple Seeds First Developer Release of macOS Sierra 10.12.6 Starting June 15, iCloud Will Require App Specific Passwords Recent Tips See All » macOS: Great Wallpaper is Hidden in Your Mac's Screensaver Collection iCloud and iWork: Using On-Demand Downloads Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too macOS: Use Spotlight to Directly Search Google with this Shortcut Recent Editorials See All » Dear Apple: When Will Siri Be Good Enough to Protect My Family? Could Alexa and Siri Prevent or Report Child Abuse? MP3 Wasn't Killed, it was Set Free A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Elon Musk Tunnel Demo Video Might Induce Nausea or Seizures 17130 Jeff Gamet news 0 1494932589 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple Goes 'Beyond WWDC' with Third Party Events New Report Says iPad mini to be Discontinued Soon Apple Seeds First Developer Releases of iOS 10.3.3, watchOS 3.2.3, tvOS 10.2.2 Tips macOS: Great Wallpaper is Hidden in Your Mac's Screensaver Collection iCloud and iWork: Using On-Demand Downloads Podcasts iPad mini on Life Support, Michael Lombardo at Apple - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-16 TMO Background Mode Interview with Astrophysicist Dr. Kelly Holley-Bockelmann View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Dear Apple: When Will Siri Be Good Enough to Protect My Family? A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Alexa, Siri, You're Not a Trusted Family Member With Mac and PC Designs Mature, Computational Power is Sexier Siri's No Amazon Alexa yet, but Give Her Time View All Editorials → Starting June 15, iCloud Will Require App Specific Passwords Andrew Orr @orrandrew91 · +Andrew Orr 1 minute read May 16th, 2017 1:26 PM EDT | News Starting on June 15, Apple will require third-party apps that use iCloud to use app specific passwords that the user sets up. This also means that you must be using two-factor authentication for your Apple ID. Here’s what this means for you. Apple Email Apple’s latest move will greatly enhance security for customers. MacRumors received an email that spells it out: Beginning on 15 June, app-specific passwords will be required to access your iCloud data using third-party apps such as Microsoft Outlook, Mozilla Thunderbird, or other mail, contacts and calendar services not provided by Apple. If you are already signed in to a third-party app using your primary Apple ID password, you will be signed out automatically when this change takes effect. You will need to generate an app-specific password and sign in again. iCloud Security If you are already using two-factor authentication, chances are you’ve also been using app specific passwords. When you set up a special password for an app such as an email client, it will be linked to your Apple ID without the app accessing your account password. This will no doubt be an inconvenience to customers, and it will be a hassle to set up. But—and this is important—this measure will increase your overall security. This change won’t affect apps that use iCloud Drive. CloudKit already makes sure that each app has its own secure sandbox in your Drive. The Mac Observer has an article to show you how to set up app specific passwords. When June 15 come around, make sure you’re prepared. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: app specific passwords, iCloud, security, Two factor authentication You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay How to Remove Conexant Keylogger Found on HP Laptop Models A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too 5 Less Expensive Wireless Alternatives to AirPods 2 Comments Add a comment Lee Dronick May 16, 2017 This change won’t affect apps that use iCloud Drive. That answered my immediate question when seeing this story. May 16, 2017 at 6:17 EDT PM Paul Goodwin May 16, 2017 I haven’t heard anything about security problems that this extra stuff is protecting me from May 16, 2017 at 10:37 EDT PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Dear Apple: When Will Siri Be Good Enough to Protect My Family? John Martellaro | May 16, 2017 macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Andrew Orr | May 15, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $155.47 -0.23 (-0.15%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple Goes 'Beyond WWDC' with Third Party Events New Report Says iPad mini to be Discontinued Soon Apple Seeds First Developer Releases of iOS 10.3.3, watchOS 3.2.3, tvOS 10.2.2 Apple Seeds First Developer Release of macOS Sierra 10.12.6 Starting June 15, iCloud Will Require App Specific Passwords Recent Tips See All » macOS: Great Wallpaper is Hidden in Your Mac's Screensaver Collection iCloud and iWork: Using On-Demand Downloads Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too macOS: Use Spotlight to Directly Search Google with this Shortcut Recent Editorials See All » Dear Apple: When Will Siri Be Good Enough to Protect My Family? Could Alexa and Siri Prevent or Report Child Abuse? MP3 Wasn't Killed, it was Set Free A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Elon Musk Tunnel Demo Video Might Induce Nausea or Seizures 17147 Andrew Orr news 2 1494941206 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple Goes 'Beyond WWDC' with Third Party Events New Report Says iPad mini to be Discontinued Soon Apple Seeds First Developer Releases of iOS 10.3.3, watchOS 3.2.3, tvOS 10.2.2 Tips macOS: Great Wallpaper is Hidden in Your Mac's Screensaver Collection iCloud and iWork: Using On-Demand Downloads Podcasts iPad mini on Life Support, Michael Lombardo at Apple - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-16 TMO Background Mode Interview with Astrophysicist Dr. Kelly Holley-Bockelmann View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Dear Apple: When Will Siri Be Good Enough to Protect My Family? A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Alexa, Siri, You're Not a Trusted Family Member With Mac and PC Designs Mature, Computational Power is Sexier Siri's No Amazon Alexa yet, but Give Her Time View All Editorials → New Report Says iPad mini to be Discontinued Soon Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet 1 minute read May 16th, 2017 2:04 PM EDT | News A new report backs up what we’ve been saying since March: the iPad mini is a dead man walking. The iPhone 7 Plus has apparently usurped the iPad mini’s place in Apple’s tablet lineup, but there isn’t any word yet on when it’ll be retired. iPad mini finds itself on death row Apple’s plans come courtesy of an unnamed source speaking with Boy Genius Report. The source said the iPad mini was “sized out of its category,” meaning the iPhone 7 Plus at the small end, and the 9.7-inch iPad at the larger end. The source went on to say Apple is facing “fierce cannibalism of our own products.” Without knowing who the source is, the report is little more than hearsay, but it does fit nicely with our sentiments when Apple unveiled the new 9.7-inch iPad in March. At the time, I noted that Apple discontinuing the iPad mini 2 and the 32 GB iPad mini 4, while pricing the new iPad below the 128 GB iPad mini 4’s price point, was a pretty clear sign the mini iPad line was being phased out. John Martellaro nailed the notion that Apple’s other products are cannibalizing iPad mini sales. In reaction to Apple discontinuing all but one iPad mini configuration he said, The rise of the phablet worked against the very market the 7-inch tablet was supposed to exploit. In other words, when you’re targeting a market where customers have limited funds, don’t expect them to buy both a large smartphone and a small tablet. It seems Apple came to that realization ahead of March’s product changes, and while the 128 GB iPad mini 4 is still available, odds are it won’t be around for long. In March I said the iPad mini would quietly disappear “soon-ish.” Now I’m ready to make my prediction a little more precise: Apple will sell its last iPad mini before the end of the year. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: discontinued, iPad mini, tablet You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay How to Remove Conexant Keylogger Found on HP Laptop Models A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too 5 Less Expensive Wireless Alternatives to AirPods 3 Comments Add a comment jeffsz May 16, 2017 Dang! I love my iPad Mini. I was waiting for the next one (rumored to be this summer/fall). The mini fits in my hand nicely and is perfect for reading. I can also easily find a space for it in my jacket or messenger bag. I’m one of those apparently rare users who has a small phone and a small iPad. I use my MacBook Pro and MacBook Air for everything else. May 16, 2017 at 6:12 EDT PM Paul Goodwin May 16, 2017 What’s the difference in the prices of an iPhone 7 Plus vs an iPad Mini? May 16, 2017 at 10:39 EDT PM Paul Goodwin May 16, 2017 too bad!!! Kids love the iPad Mini. An iphone 7 Plus is a really expensive substitute. Not sure what the sales numbers are for the Mini, but it’s got to be substantial. Sometimes limiting options drives people elsewhere. May 16, 2017 at 10:43 EDT PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Dear Apple: When Will Siri Be Good Enough to Protect My Family? John Martellaro | May 16, 2017 macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Andrew Orr | May 15, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $155.47 -0.23 (-0.15%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple Goes 'Beyond WWDC' with Third Party Events New Report Says iPad mini to be Discontinued Soon Apple Seeds First Developer Releases of iOS 10.3.3, watchOS 3.2.3, tvOS 10.2.2 Apple Seeds First Developer Release of macOS Sierra 10.12.6 Starting June 15, iCloud Will Require App Specific Passwords Recent Tips See All » macOS: Great Wallpaper is Hidden in Your Mac's Screensaver Collection iCloud and iWork: Using On-Demand Downloads Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too macOS: Use Spotlight to Directly Search Google with this Shortcut Recent Editorials See All » Dear Apple: When Will Siri Be Good Enough to Protect My Family? Could Alexa and Siri Prevent or Report Child Abuse? MP3 Wasn't Killed, it was Set Free A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Elon Musk Tunnel Demo Video Might Induce Nausea or Seizures 17164 Jeff Gamet news 3 1494943494 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple Goes 'Beyond WWDC' with Third Party Events New Report Says iPad mini to be Discontinued Soon Apple Seeds First Developer Releases of iOS 10.3.3, watchOS 3.2.3, tvOS 10.2.2 Tips macOS: Great Wallpaper is Hidden in Your Mac's Screensaver Collection iCloud and iWork: Using On-Demand Downloads Podcasts iPad mini on Life Support, Michael Lombardo at Apple - TMO Daily Observations 2017-05-16 TMO Background Mode Interview with Astrophysicist Dr. Kelly Holley-Bockelmann View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → Dear Apple: When Will Siri Be Good Enough to Protect My Family? A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Alexa, Siri, You're Not a Trusted Family Member With Mac and PC Designs Mature, Computational Power is Sexier Siri's No Amazon Alexa yet, but Give Her Time View All Editorials → Apple Goes ‘Beyond WWDC’ with Third Party Events Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin 1 minute read May 16th, 2017 2:16 PM EDT | News Apple has posted some of the third party events that take place during its own World Wide Developer Conference. The Apple Developer Connection has a new Beyond WWDC list that includes events like AltConf 2017, The Talk Show with John Gruber Live, CocoaConf Next Door, Layers, the App Camp for Girls benefit with James Dempsey and the Breakpoints. and one of our favorites, Jim Dalrymple’s Beard Bash. In addition to listing and describing the events, Apple added a handy-dandy Apple Maps view of all of the events. Each spot has its own icon for quick identification. Apple Maps view “Beyond WWDC” Beyond WWDC This is the second year Apple has actively promoted third party events like this, and I like it. A lot. WWDC is a very social event for attending developers, including many who come just for those third party events. This central resource will be useful to everyone involved. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: App Camp for Girls, Apple, Beard Bash, developers, WWDC You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay How to Remove Conexant Keylogger Found on HP Laptop Models A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too 5 Less Expensive Wireless Alternatives to AirPods Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Dear Apple: When Will Siri Be Good Enough to Protect My Family? John Martellaro | May 16, 2017 macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Andrew Orr | May 15, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $155.47 -0.23 (-0.15%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple Goes 'Beyond WWDC' with Third Party Events New Report Says iPad mini to be Discontinued Soon Apple Seeds First Developer Releases of iOS 10.3.3, watchOS 3.2.3, tvOS 10.2.2 Apple Seeds First Developer Release of macOS Sierra 10.12.6 Starting June 15, iCloud Will Require App Specific Passwords Recent Tips See All » macOS: Great Wallpaper is Hidden in Your Mac's Screensaver Collection iCloud and iWork: Using On-Demand Downloads Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay Amazon's Alexa Calling Feature Works From Your iPhone, too macOS: Use Spotlight to Directly Search Google with this Shortcut Recent Editorials See All » Dear Apple: When Will Siri Be Good Enough to Protect My Family? Could Alexa and Siri Prevent or Report Child Abuse? MP3 Wasn't Killed, it was Set Free A Glimpse Into Microsoft's Future Elon Musk Tunnel Demo Video Might Induce Nausea or Seizures 17171 Bryan Chaffin news 0 1494944175 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums CNET Magazine Latest Stories Subscribe Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español iPhone 8 screen, Touch ID changes hinted at in new patents Rumors about new features on the upcoming iPhone get some support from two new Apple patents. Phones by David Katzmaier May 16, 2017 6:57 AM PDT @dkatzmaier One of the new iPhone 8 renders, showing an edge-to-edge display, rounded edges and, ostensibly, a virtual home button. @OnLeaks Speculation about the newest iPhone is never in short supply, and a pair of new patents just added more fuel to the rumor fire. In a wave of Apple patents published by the US Patent and Trademark Office Tuesday, and spotted by Patently Apple, two could potentially relate to the iPhone 8, which is expected later this year. The first is for an edge-to-edge display, and describes how a flat screen can wrap around the edge of a device to maximize the areas devoted to display and touch sensitivity. It jibes with numerous rumors that point to the iPhone 8 having a wraparound, OLED-based display, such as a Bloomberg report in April. The second relates to embedding Apple's biometric fingerprint reader technology, Touch ID, behind the display itself rather than inside the Home button, where it is now. It bolsters previous reports about Apple having issues with the new placement. Apple's representative had no comment. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Phones Rumors CNET First Take Apple iPhone 8 Rumor has it that Apple may debut a radical redesign for its 10th anniversary edition, expected in September 2017. Here's what we know so far. See it Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. May 16 Apple kicks off new in-store sessions with concerts, classes May 16 Apple iPad Mini is finally heading for the chop, report says May 16 iPhone 8 screen, Touch ID changes hinted at in new patents May 16 iPad Pro 2: Everything we know so far about the next edition of Apple's iconic tablet All Apple Stories More stories Pulled Nokia teaser video hints at a dual-camera phone The Galaxy S8 is reportedly selling like hotcakes Your future phone screen could touch you right back Best Phones of 2017 Close   Discuss: iPhone 8 screen, Touch ID changes hinted... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Why Android is likely safe from a WannaCry-like attack Instagram adds face filters because of course Why invent new things when you can copy Snapchat with bunny ears and flower crowns? by Bridget Carey 1:46 Microsoft criticizes government's online security, Zelda may be heading to mobile Today's major tech news include Microsoft's public disappointment in the government's online security strategy, Zelda possibly making its way to mobile devices and Volvo and Audi's commitment to the Android Auto platform. by Jeff Bakalar 1:07 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Infinite Loop — Report: Apple shows it’s taking the Mac seriously with WWDC laptop updates MacBook, MacBook Pro, and MacBook Air could all be on the docket. Desktops MIA. Andrew Cunningham - May 16, 2017 7:25 pm UTC Enlarge / The 2016 MacBook. Andrew Cunningham reader comments 130 Share this story Further ReadingReview: The 2016 Retina MacBook is a faster version of the same machine A new report from Bloomberg indicates that we may get more than just software updates at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference next month. Most notably, both the MacBook Pro and the 12-inch MacBook are supposedly being refreshed with Intel's latest "Kaby Lake" CPUs, which boost clock speeds and include slightly better GPUs that can accelerate the encoding and decoding of some 4K video streams. The 12-inch MacBook was last updated a little over a year ago, while the MacBook Pros were only introduced in October. Apple could also update the MacBook Air design with new processors, since, despite the design's age and non-Retina display, its position as Apple's cheapest laptop is still helping it sell well. The current Air dates to mid-2015. The update would be a bit of a burn for anyone who rushed out to buy a new MacBook Pro in October and November after a year and a half without an update. But an update would at least be a sign that Apple is serious about adopting new Intel architectures as they're available. The MacBook Pro's October refresh was awkwardly timed, coming very late in the Skylake architecture's life but a handful of months before new Kaby Lake CPUs suitable for MacBook Pros would be released. A summer release would get Apple back in sync with Intel's calendar for future refreshes. Further ReadingApple is completely redesigning the Mac Pro… again As always, Apple's plans are subject to change, and, in recent years as Apple's stable of operating systems has grown, WWDC has remained mostly software focused. The last big hardware announcements at WWDC were in 2013, when Apple pre-announced a new Mac Pro and introduced a new MacBook Air refresh alongside a couple of other odds and ends. Rumors have also suggested we could see a new iPad and an Amazon Echo-esque Siri speaker at WWDC, which would be quite a bit of hardware given that we're also likely to see new major releases of iOS, macOS, watchOS, and tvOS at the same keynote. Speaking of the Mac Pro, desktops remain conspicuous in their absence from the Bloomberg report. Apple said recently that it is planning a new iMac refresh with professional users in mind as well as an all-new Mac Pro design that rectifies the flaws of the 2013 design, but the company is apparently not ready to talk about either computer. As for the Mac Mini, last updated in October of 2014, Apple recently acknowledged that the device exists but made no definitive statements about its future. Andrew Cunningham Andrew has a B.A. in Classics from Kenyon College and has over five years of experience in IT. His work has appeared on Charge Shot!!! and AnandTech, and he records a weekly book podcast called Overdue. Email andrew.cunningham@arstechnica.com // Twitter @AndrewWrites reader comments 130 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints CNMN Collection WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Digital Trends MacBook Pro 13-inch with Touch Bar review Apple's latest MacBook Pro is the first one we can't recommend. Here's why Share The MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar is beautiful, but flawed. The MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar is beautiful, but flawed. The MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar is beautiful, but flawed. Highs Exquisite look and feel Screen is among the best we’ve tested Loud, enjoyable speakers Spacious, responsive touchpad Top-tier hard drive performance Lows Adapters needed to connect most devices Keyboard is well below average Touch Bar lacks an obvious purpose Battery life takes a step back DT Editors' Rating 6.0 Scores Explained Home > Product Reviews > Laptop Reviews > MacBook Pro 13-inch with Touch Bar review By Matt Smith Posted on 05.16.17 Research Center: Apple MacBook Pro 13-inch with Touch Bar Have you grown bored of seeing your local Starbucks awash in silver, mid-sized laptops, all sporting that glowing Apple logo? We don’t blame you. Apple has remained committed to the MacBook Pro’s design over the last four years, counting on engineering excellence to persevere through multiple product cycles. That decision drove Mac fans wild, as many itched for a newer, faster Pro – and ended up with “new” models that looked the same as what they already owned. Now, the wait is finally over, and it’s unfortunate that Mac fans have been left starving for an update – because the new MacBook Pro’s price is hard to swallow. The base 13-inch model without the Touch Bar is $1,500, a $200 upcharge over the old entry-level Pro. If you want the Touch Bar model we reviewed, you’ll have to shell out $1,800, though you at least get a processor upgrade as part of the deal. $1,800 is a lot for a MacBook Pro 13 with a Core i5 processor, even by Apple’s standards. The sharp increase in price means you can only obtain a Core i5 MacBook Pro at prices that used to get you a Core i7, and perhaps a RAM upgrade as well. Can the new model live up to the expectations set by its price? Still the most luxurious laptop One look at the new MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar is all you need to know it’s a Mac. That’s even more impressive now that Apple has decided to take attention away from its branding, ditching the glowing white apple in favor of a slick, subtle gloss logo similar to what’s on the MacBook, the iPhone, and the iPad. As before, the MacBook Pro 13 features an all-unibody design lacking any visible seams aside from those on the bottom. But the new version is slimmer and trimmer, shaving weight down to 3.02 pounds from 3.48 pounds, while thickness drops from 0.71 inches to 0.59 inches. Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Bill Roberson/Digital Trends And that’s not all. Apple, like Dell, has aggressively shaved space from the display bezels to reduce the overall footprint. The new MacBook Pro 13 remains slightly larger than the Dell XPS 13 overall, and a couple tenths of a pound heavier. Users with the older Pro model will appreciate the improvement. Oh, and the new model comes in Space Gray, which hopefully is the beginning of a wider color selection. The 12-inch MacBook comes in Silver, Space Gray, Rose Gold, and Gold. Color choices may seem petty, but they add a touch of personality. There’s no arguing with the new MacBook Pro’s elegance. The beauty of Apple design has always been subtle, which is why the company is sometimes accused of being safe, or boring. The new Pro doesn’t even try to side-step those criticisms. It’s not the smallest 13-inch laptop, or the lightest, and its materials feel much as before. There’s something to be said for design that works, though, even if it’s not innovative, and the new MacBook Pro remains the most luxurious laptop around. Any port you want, as long as it’s USB Type-C While the MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar has a headphone jack, it makes another connectivity choice that’s just as controversial and, functionally, more important. Apple has decided that USB Type-C / Thunderbolt 3 is the future, and has ditched every other port. Yes, USB Type-C is all you get. The MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar has four of these ports, two on each side. Even the card reader is missing. Crazy as it sounds, the decision has it benefits. The simplicity of the port selection is hard to argue with, and every port is a charging port, so you can plug the wall adapter into whichever is more convenient. The ports are quick, too, so you can hook up multiple displays or use fast external SSDs without worry about connectivity bandwidth. You’re going to need adapters, and you might need lots of them. Now, for the bad news – you’re going to need adapters, and you might need lots of them. Do you use an external display? That’s an adapter. External hard drive? Adapter. Wired input of any sort? Adapter. Ethernet? Adapter. SDcard? Adapter. At best, you’ll need to purchase one or two dongles. At worst, you’re going to need a dock solution, which can add another $100 to $200 to the price. The greatest irony? Even Apple’s iPhone can’t plug into any MacBook Pro 13 without purchasing an adapter. At least it can communicate wirelessly. Speaking of which, the new Pro 13 has the usual 802.11ac Wi-Fi adapter paired with Bluetooth 4.2. It’s good to see the latest version of Bluetooth here, as it’ll help connect with a wireless keyboard and mouse. The keyboard of the future isn’t very good The 12-inch MacBook, released last year, debuted an all-new “butterfly” switch that’s much thinner than any used in a laptop keyboard prior. Though Apple touted it as having great feel, we complained that “typing for more than an hour [left our] fingers with a dull ache,” due to the keyboard’s stiff feel and limited travel. Now that same keyboard can be found on the MacBook Pro. Well, not exactly the same.  The Pro’s keyboard has a “second-generation butterfly mechanism,” with slightly more travel than the first. And it is an improvement. If you’re a writer, the MacBook Pro 13 will serve you better than the MacBook Pro 12. Bill Roberson/Digital Trends That’s not to say it’ll serve you well. While travel has improved, the keyboard continues to suffer a stiff, abrupt bottoming action that can make long typing sessions tiresome. The degree to which this will bother you is a matter of preference. A few Digital Trends writers thought it was perfectly acceptable, and most thought they could learn to live with it. No one said they preferred it over the previous MacBook Pro 13. And it’s not clear why this sacrifice was made. While the new MacBook Pro 13 is thin, it’s as thick or thicker than many competitors with better keyboards, such as the Acer Swift 7, HP Spectre, HP Spectre x360, and Dell XPS 13. Whatever the reason, it’s clear Apple had to make a compromise between size, performance, and keyboard quality, with the latter getting the bad end of the bargain. The keyboard suffers a stiff, abrupt bottoming action that can make long typing sessions tiresome. Below the keyboard is a revised, plus-sized touchpad. Unlike the keyboard, this is an unmitigated plus. The spacious surface improves the ease of using multi-touch gestures, which work consistently well. While the new, larger surface means constant contact between it and your palms, we didn’t notice a single instance of unintended input throughout our testing. And don’t forget Force Touch. The haptic feedback system, which uses vibration to simulate a click, is so good at emulating real movement that most users never notice a difference. It also offers force sensitivity, which can enable special interface functions – just like the iPhone. The feature isn’t widely embraced, even by Apple’s own software, but it’s great when offered. The Touch Bar searches for purpose In May of 2014, Apple Insider published an article talking about upcoming Macs with “in-key displays,” a rumor that began to snowball in early 2016. After several misses (the rumormills thought it might appear in early 2016, then in summer), it’s finally here in all its OLED glory. If nothing else, the Touch Bar is great to look at it. It boasts Retina-equivalent pixel density, which means icons are rendered with crisp, vibrant graphics. And because it’s OLED, blacks look inky black – so dark it’s often hard to find the Touch Bar’s boundaries. As a conversation starter, then, it holds up. As a functional tool? Less so. Apple tries to integrate the Touch Bar in a way that makes it relevant even in everyday web browser, note-taking, and photo-viewing. Its display changes constantly as new apps are opened, and old ones closed. It performs well, keeping up no matter how quickly apps are switched, or how many are open. Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Yet there’s rarely much use for it. At best, it provides a quick way to scroll through lists, such as your Photo Stream. It can also be useful if you’d like to scroll through a video – and it’s great at picking up on such content, activating a scroll bar even when browsing YouTube. In other cases, though, it’s clearly a solution searching for a problem. Take typing, for instant. As you input text in Safari, Word, and other apps, the Touch Bar constantly flashes word suggestions. It’s a feature that works well on the iPhone, where typing is often slow and cumbersome. On a laptop, it’s pointless. Type in “office,” for instance, and the Touch Bar will suggest alternatives. Did you mean “officers”? Or, perhaps “off-season”? This happens whether a word is spelled properly or not. Even if you do slip in a typo, it’s hard to imagine why a user would look to the Touch Bar for help when MacOS already presents a correction on-screen and, in most cases, will correct the spelling automatically. Since its release, a growing number of apps now feature Touch Bar support — including Evernote, Microsoft Outlook, and LastPass. But even with more developer support than it had at launch, the Touch bar is still not quite as integral to the MacBook’s user experience as Apple would like it to be. If nothing else, the Touch Bar is great to look at it. Even where it might be useful, the Touch Bar is limited by its size. It automatically displays open Safari tabs, complete with miniature content previews, a feature that could prove helpful. Yet the previews are so small that it’s often hard to tell the tabs apart, even with just three or four open. If you open six, or eight, or ten tabs, then the previews become smaller still, until they’re so tiny that it’s hard to even tap the right one. Similar problems trouble its photo preview and video preview capabilities. In theory, you can scroll through photo collections. In practice, it’s harder to do than with the touchpad. In short, the Touch Bar isn’t great. But giving the function row over to an OLED display does come with an important perk called Touch ID. Yes, you can now log in with your fingerprint, and it works as seamlessly as it does on iPhone. Fast, secure login authentication methods are a great way to improve security for the average user. And Touch ID integrates with Apple Pay, so you can use it to securely make online purchases – from stores that accept Apple Pay. Display A quick look at the specifications could make you think Apple’s new MacBook Pro 13 had an old display. It’s still Retina, which means the resolution is still 2,560 × 1,600. That was stunning in 2012, but today it seems mediocre next to QHD+ (3,200 × 1,800) and 4K screens. But don’t worry, Mac faithful. You can banish any concerns about the display from your mind. It’s fantastic. We measured a maximum brightness of 548 lux. That’s ridiculously brilliant, and complete overkill for use indoors, but it can help make the screen, which is still very glossy, usable in extreme situations. By comparison, the Dell XPS 13 with QHD+ display only hits 278 lux, and the HP Spectre x360 hits 355 lux. Both those systems can have a problem with glare in bright conditions, though Dell gives you the choice to combat that with a matte display option. Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Brightness is only important in a bright room. What’ll stun you, no matter where you use the MacBook Pro 13, is its color. The display can achieve 100 percent of the sRGB gamut, as well as 91 percent of AdobeRGB. It also delivered an average color error value of .72 (lower is better). Anything below one is generally unnoticeable to the human eye, and this reading is the lowest we’ve ever recorded from a laptop. The previous record holder, Dell’s XPS 15, boasted an average error value of .78. Even the contrast ratio of 1,200:1 is excellent. The Pro can deliver dark blacks next to brilliant colors without trouble. The only flaw we found is gamma, which came in at a reading of 2.3. The ideal curve is 2.2, and the MacBook Pro 13’s result indicates it portrays content a bit darker than it should. But this is a very minor fluctuation, and plenty of competitors miss it, too. The Retina display may not be this Pro’s headline feature, but it remains its most attractive trait. When the numbers are tallied, the new Retina display comes away a winner. It defeats the Dell XPS 13, Acer Swift 7, Asus Zenbook 3, HP Spectre x360, and Lenovo Yoga 910, beating all of them in color gamut, color accuracy, and contrast ratio. That’s not to say it lacks competition, though. Microsoft’s Surface Book can go toe-to-toe with it. Though our tests found the Surface Book had a narrower contrast ratio of 1010:1, its gamma curve reading was the proper 2.2. There’s also a small handful of Windows systems, like the Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga, available with OLED displays. These clobber the MacBook Pro 13’s strong contrast ratio, and deliver an even wider color gamut, all with accurate gamma. But they don’t match the Mac’s out-of-the-box color accuracy. Numbers aside, the display on the MacBook Pro 13 is excellent, and looks it in everyday use. Games and movies are crisp and vibrant, and high-quality photos render with such detail that you might think your display was switched with a canvas print. The Retina display may not be this Pro’s headline feature, but it remains its most attractive trait. Pump up the bass Apple has always shown an affinity for audio quality rarely found elsewhere, and the MacBook Pro is no exception. In fact, its speakers are the best we can recall hearing in a 13-inch system. That’s saying a lot, because a few recent laptops in this category, like the Asus Zenbook 3, have surprised us with their quality. Apple MacBook Pro 13-inch with Touch Bar Compared To Lenovo Ideapad 710S HP Spectre Acer Aspire S 13 S5-371-52JR Dell XPS 13 (Skylake) Apple MacBook Pro 13-inch with… Apple Macbook Pro 13-Inch (2013) Apple MacBook Air 13.3-inch… Apple MacBook 2009 Apple MacBook Pro (15-inch, 2008) Apple MacBook (2.4GHz, 2008) Apple MacBook Air (80GB) Apple MacBook Pro 15″ 2.4GHz Apple MacBook Pro 2.33GHz Apple MacBook 2.0GHz Apple MacBook Pro 15.4-inch 2.16GHz The MacBook Pro 13 offers a wide range of volume and, at maximum, it’s far louder than most people will need in normal use, and capable of filling a large room with tunes. Bass is present and accounted for in minimal but noticeable amounts – the thump can be felt through the keyboard at higher volumes. High and mid-range sound remains clear and free of distortion. External speakers will be an improvement, as always, but the audio quality present here is surprising, and may convince you there’s no need to plug anything into the headphone jack. A fast processor, facing stiff competition Specifications have never been Apple’s area of focus, but that used to be a marketing concern, rather than an indication of the company’s preference for hardware. Over the last few years, though, that has changed. The MacBook Pro fell behind, adopting new Intel processor lines late, or not at all. The new Pro only partially addresses the problem. Our entry-level MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar has an Intel Core i5-6267U. As the numbers suggest, it’s part of Intel’s sixth generation Core line, rather than the newer seventh generation. Can it stand up to Intel’s latest hardware? For the most part, yes. The system’s Geekbench 3 multi-core score of 7,638 is not the best we’ve seen, but it’s certainly in range of competitors. The Lenovo Yoga 910 hit 7,973, and the Dell XPS 13 hit 7,835. Both were tested with Intel’s Core i7-7500U. The MacBook Pro 13 scored even better in Geekbench 3’s single-core metric, beating all competitors, if only by a hair. You might wonder how the MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar can keep up, given it has an older architecture. The secret is the specific processor used by Apple. It has a 28-watt Thermal Design Power, while most Intel Core mobile chips are designed under a 15-watt Thermal Design Power. Put simply, the MacBook Pro 13 keeps itself competitive by drawing more juice under load. While the Pro does keep up, it’s still disappointing to see it stick with an older generation of hardware, especially given the price. The faster Core i7 competitors we tested can be had for hundreds less than the MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar. Though quick, this level of performance is typical in laptops priced above $1,000. The hard drive to rule them all Drive performance is often overlooked by consumers, but it’s important to a system’s overall capability. Apple knows this, and has been a leader in storage performance for years. The new MacBook Pro line is no exception. It quotes read speeds of 3.1 gigabytes per second, and write speeds of 2.2 gigabytes per second. We can’t do an apples-to-apples comparison with Windows competitors here, because the tools we normally use to test performance aren’t compatible with MacOS. However, we did test using two benchmarks that run only on Apple’s operating system. First up was Blackmagic, a test designed to tell professionals if a drive is up to the task of handling content at specific framerates and resolutions. It produced a write speed result of 1,348 megabytes per second, and a read result of two gigabytes per second (annoyingly, this appears to be the maximum result the benchmark can show). That’s a big improvement over the MacBook Pro 13 with Retina (2015). It hit a write speed of 647MB/s, and a read speed of 1,056MB/s. We also fired up DiskMark. It spat out sequential read performance of 1,826MB/s, and sequential write performance of 1,289MB/s.  We hadn’t tested with that benchmark before, so take the numbers with a grain of salt. Still, they’re good figures, and reasonably consistent with Blackmagic. Again, these benchmarks do not run on Windows, so we can’t make an apples-to-apples comparison of hard drive performance. But numbers we have from CrystalDiskMark, our Windows test, suggest Apple is at the head of the pack. The Dell XPS 13 with 512GB solid state drive scored a read speed of 1,285MB/s and a write sped of 572.8MB/s. The best drive performance we’ve seen from a Windows laptop came from the Vaio Z Flip. It scored read speeds of 1621.7MB/s, and write speeds of 1565.3MB/s. If this all sounds confusing, don’t worry. While the numbers are outstanding, you don’t need to obsess over them. It’s clear the MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar has outstanding drive performance, and it’ll handle any workload you ask of it. This is the most future-proof component in the entire system. Mac gaming is still a bad idea As in most past incarnations, the Apple MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar relies on Intel integrated graphics. If you want a more powerful discrete graphics solution, then you’ll need to accept the MacBook Pro 15’s larger footprint. With that said, our review unit did boast Intel Iris Graphics 550 which, in theory, should be much quicker than standard Intel HD graphics. Compared to Intel HD 620, the solution most common in modern Windows laptops, Iris Graphics 550 has double the execution units (48 vs. 24) and a higher maximum clock speed (1,100MHz vs. 1,050MHz). Better still, Iris Graphics 550 has 64 megabytes of dedicated eDRAM, something you’ll never find with Intel HD 620. But does that mean you can play games better than with a typical Windows ultrabook? To find out we fired up Civilization VI, testing it at 1,440 x 900 resolution on the MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar, and on the same resolution on HP’s Spectre x360, with minimum detail and memory consumption selected. Bill Roberson/Digital Trends The game performed identically – and poorly – on both, delivering 21 frames per second through the in-game benchmark. But the HP was the better experience, as the Mac suffered graphical glitches that weren’t present on the HP Spectre x360. If you’re curious why the game performs poorly despite greater technical capability, blame Apple’s OpenGL support, which hasn’t been updated significantly for years. Instead, the company prefers Metal, its own API which can be used on both iOS and MacOS devices. The problem? Porting a game from Windows’ popular DirectX API to Metal is unfamiliar territory. Developers of Windows PC games don’t have a good option for porting to the Mac, and the result is often performance that’s less impressive than you’d expect. You’ll have better luck with games ported over from iOS, such as CSR Racing Pro 3, Super Octagon, and Limbo. There’s a fair selection of such games on the Mac App Store. These also tend to suffer problems, though, especially in control, which is often poorly converted from touch to keyboard and mouse. A smaller battery leads to adequate endurance While the MacBook Pro 13 takes a step forward in processor performance, it takes a significant step back in battery capacity. The previous model had a 74.9 watt-hour battery, but the MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar has 49.2 watt-hour battery (the model without Touch Bar has a slightly larger 54.5 watt-hour battery). That’s a reduction in capacity of almost 35 percent. Despite that, Apple quotes the same battery life as before. The company obviously thinks that efficiency will make up for the smaller battery, but we didn’t find that to be the case. Peacekeeper, a looped web browsing benchmark, drained a full charge in five hours and three minutes. That’s not a bad result, but it’s not amazing, either. The Dell XPS 13 with Core i7 lasted five hours and seven minutes, while the Acer Swift 7 lasted five hours and 56 minutes. The HP Spectre lasted a tad bit less at four hours and 54 minutes. We also tested the system in a video loop, using iTunes. It drained the battery in ten hours and 17 minutes. That’s another solid result, though behind the HP Spectre x360, and barely ahead of the Lenovo Yoga 910. The Dell XPS 13 with Core i7 comes up a bit short here, hitting nine hours and 12 minutes. In real-world use, we found battery life to be average. Most 13-inch laptops priced about $1,000 can last through nearly a workday of a use, and the MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar can, as well. But this assumes your “normal” use isn’t constant use, and that you stay away from demanding applications. Some users have noted that Safari seems to drain the battery more quickly than hoped. We’ve noted that, as well, even after the 10.12.3 update, which fixed a bug that caused Safari to use more graphics horsepower than needed. If you want amazing portability, you should aim for Dell’s XPS 13 with 1080p display and Core i5 processor. It lasted an outstanding six hours and 12 minutes in Peacekeeper, and twelve hours 43 minutes in our video loop. The MacBook Pro 13 used to be the last word in battery life, but the new model — or, at least, the Touch Bar version — has lost the crown. MacOS or Windows 10? You’ve probably already decided The MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar of course runs MacOS, while most other laptops run Windows. For some, that’s all the information needed. If you prefer MacOS, then you’re going to need to buy a MacBook, and the new Pro models are the most powerful Mac laptops available. If you’re not familiar with Windows 10 and MacOS, give our reviews a read. We generally recommend Windows 10 over Apple’s operating system. It offers better task management, superior notifications, a more versatile digital assistant, and extensive cloud integration. MacOS does have strengths, though. It remains intuitive to use, and it works extremely well with iOS devices, as users can quickly share content between them or send text messages through the MacOS iMessage app. The usual warranty terms, with Apple Store convivence Apple ships every MacBook with a one-year warranty that includes 90 days of phone support. The terms are typical for the industry. The company’s retail stores give an edge, though, because owners can stop by for in-person support. That’s much more convenient than calling a hotline or shipping a system back – if you live near an Apple store, of course. Our Take Apple’s new MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar is a beautiful machine, but it has several flaws, and it’s far too expensive. Is there a better alternative? That depends on if you’d consider a Windows computer. If not, the MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar is an attractive option – though you should consider the model without Touch Bar first. It’s more affordable, and has a larger battery. The processor is not quite as fast, but the downgrade won’t be significant for most people. If you’re open-minded about choosing between Windows 10 and MacOS, there are numerous competitors. They include the Dell XPS 13, HP Spectre x360, Lenovo Yoga 910, Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga with OLED, Surface Book, and Razer Blade. Many of these are a bit quicker, some have better battery life, and all offer a better keyboard. The Windows alternatives also offer an optional touchscreen, and some are 2-in-1 devices usable as either laptop or tablet. The main sacrifice you’ll make with these alternatives is display quality. Only Microsoft’s Surface Book, and the handful of OLED laptops currently available, can go toe-to-toe with the new Pro in that area. The DT Accessory Pack ProCase Sleeve Cover $16.99 Kensington SD4500 USB-C Docking Station $179.99 Logitech MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mobile Mouse $35 How long will it last? Apple has control of each Mac’s lifespan by dictating which systems will receive MacOS updates. Since the MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar was just released, it’s safe to say it’ll last as long as any Mac currently available. Should you buy it? Probably not, even if you prefer a Mac. The MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar is not a bad laptop. On the contrary, it’s good. But the $1,800 price tag demands more than just good. A laptop sold for that, as an entry-level model, must be among the best of the best. Former MacBook Pro models achieved that comfortably, but the new model is lacking. It doesn’t have a performance edge over alternatives in any area aside from hard drive speed, and battery life is merely competitive. Even the gorgeous display, which is very, very nice, just matches the best alternatives. We’re disappointed with Apple’s vision of cutting-edge computing. With the new MacBook Pro, Apple has ignored the best features offered by its competitors, while also introducing a Touch Bar of questionable use. The MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar is a great Mac – but it’s no longer a great laptop. Updated 5/12/2017 to include information about recently released Touch Bar-supported apps.
Digital Trends Home > Cool Tech > Forget the iPhone — Apple's most defining… Forget the iPhone — Apple's most defining patent might just be this pizza box By Adam Ismail — Updated May 16, 2017 12:45 pm Subscribe Share Jacek Nowak/123RF Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Why it matters to you The great minds at Apple have contributed so many inventions to the world — yet when it comes to the one concerning pizza, they saved it for themselves. Disappointing. By now, you’ve surely heard lots of stories about Apple’s brand-new Cupertino, California, headquarters. That every single element of the design — from the massive curved sheets of glass to the polished concrete ceiling tiles, to the ventilation system and even the door handles — was crafted with an obsessive level of detail echoing the company’s products. That its construction, which was not completed on schedule and, according to multiple sources, cost about $5 billion, drove contractors and local officials mad. That the facility can actually articulate in response to an earthquake, thanks to giant shock absorbers that shift the building five feet in any direction and allow it to continue to function perfectly. Given all the stories that have been told,  it’s not surprising to hear that Apple Park, as it’s formally known, even has its own bespoke, patented pizza boxes. This tidbit comes courtesy of Wired, which published a look inside the ring-shaped building that has excited and angered so many. The patent itself isn’t new — it was actually filed seven years ago, and has been used at Apple’s other corporate facilities for some time now. But it’s fitting it should start getting noticed now because it’s a microcosm of the company’s ambition to shape each and every facet of the world within its walls. So what makes this pizza box so special? Contrary to what you might expect from an Apple-developed food container, it’s actually its most obvious feature: holes. The box allows for ventilation, so all the heat and moisture inside can dissipate, keeping the crust crispy. That’s really it. The box is fashioned entirely from recycled materials, according to the patent, and is formed entirely in one piece, so no assembly is required. The invention is attributed to Francesco Longoni, the head of the company’s food service department. The cafeteria seems to have been one of Apple’s primary considerations in the development of the new headquarters, as it’s one of the places employees are expected to have the most chance interactions. To that end, the area features a pair of massive glass doors, weighing 440,000 pounds each, that run the entire height of the four-story structure to let a little (or a lot of) light in. Learning every minute aspect of Apple’s gargantuan spaceship on Earth over the past several years has been equal parts interesting and confounding. But we can’t help but feel that even in the company’s infinite wisdom, it may have missed an opportunity: Why hasn’t the pizza box been remade to look like a miniature replica of the building? Then it really would be the perfect microcosm.
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps Bullish Crunch Report News Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Sessions Include TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Facebook Tesla Snap News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt NYThe Excitement of Disrupt NY Continues Today Pick Up Tickets Here Disrupt NY 2017 May 15 - 17, 2017 | Pier 36, New York, NY Coverage Video Agenda Speakers Battlefield Sponsored: BMW Hot Lap Pitch Apps Pinterest will soon let advertisers reach consumers through their smartphone’s camera Here’s why you’ll buy your next shoe on Instagram Slack adds screen sharing two years after acquiring Screenhero Browse more... web portal Watch how Portal would work in the real world thanks to Microsoft HoloLens Microsoft will close MSN China to focus on selling other services Browse more... social messaging Crypter Encrypts Your Facebook Chats For Maximum Security Getting Banned From The App Store Was The Best Thing That Happened To Us From 1BN To 2BN Users: Mobile Messaging Apps To Get “Mass Adoption” In 2014, Says Ovum Browse more... SMS Microsoft launches ‘Who’s In,’ a social event planning app for iMessage Scheduled is a new app that lets you schedule your text messages The days of Google Talk are over Browse more... Software Thailand backs down on threat to ban Facebook Using tech to uproot systemic racism Microsoft’s response to widespread cyberattacks may make you WannaCry Browse more... Loji wants to make it easier to arrange plans with friends in iMessage Posted 11 hours ago by Jon Russell (@jonrussell) 0 SHARES Next Story SoFi’s CEO wishes the US had less student loan debt Over the last few years messaging apps have developed from SMS-like services with a few extra features into platforms that are almost like internet portals. Kakao, LINE and — most notably — WeChat are examples where users can buy products, read news, pay money or more inside the app. Over in the U.S. market, however, iMessage is the dominant messaging service and, while Apple has taken steps to advance the sophistication of its service, it seriously lags its Asian competitors when it comes to being a platform. The iMessage App Store, introduced just over six months ago, was seen as a way to level the field, but it hasn’t panned out how Apple may have expected. Sticker apps rather than utilities have been the dominant players, but overall growth has slowed significantly as developers — and users — lose interest. That’s where a new startup — Loji — is aiming to make a difference. Loji, which is competing in the Battlefield competition at TechCrunch Disrupt New York, wants to bring much-used information and snippets of the web into iMessage conversations without forcing users to leave the app. The service was founded last year and is available as an iMessage app. It uses interactive brand logos, which can be added into chat conversations where they appear as interactive thumbnails. “I like to think we’re doing what iMessage apps are intended to be,” Loji CEO and founder Kathryn Harper said in an interview. “It’s an example of how a brand can customize and extend into messaging.” So, for example, rather than opening the Yelp or Foursquare app to find a restaurant, Loji users can simply navigate into the app from within iMessage, pick their restaurant destination and share it with a friend. All without leaving the app. Additions not already in the database can be added by users — Loji pulls data from Google Places to quickly fill out their details.   The brand logos themselves function like an information hub. Beyond the location data — or map — for a destination, they include a listing of a company’s social media presence — Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Periscope — any ongoing offers, the option to hail an Uber or Lyft to get there and, for some like Starbucks, a direct link to order/buy/shop. There’s also an option to promote a chatbot. Loji presents at Startup Battlefield at TechCrunch Disrupt NY 2017 Loji presents at Startup Battlefield at TechCrunch Disrupt NY 2017 tcdisrupt-ny17-9293 Loji presents at Startup Battlefield at TechCrunch Disrupt NY 2017 tcdisrupt-ny17-9323 Loji presents at Startup Battlefield at TechCrunch Disrupt NY 2017 tcdisrupt-ny17-9288 Loji presents at Startup Battlefield at TechCrunch Disrupt NY 2017 tcdisrupt-ny17-9294 Loji presents at Startup Battlefield at TechCrunch Disrupt NY 2017 tcdisrupt-ny17-9307 Loji presents at Startup Battlefield at TechCrunch Disrupt NY 2017 tcdisrupt-ny17-loji-8369 tcdisrupt-ny17-loji-8373  View Slideshow Previous Next Exit Harper explained that a brand’s Loji page is entirely customizable. The database itself is extended by user-driven additions, but brands can jump in at any time and take control of their presence. Today, she announced that Red Bull has done just that after it agreed it a partnership that will allow it full control of its presence which, beyond drinks, spans the New York Red Bulls soccer team and the Red Bull Studios in New York. Red Bull’s Loji page will also promote its Facebook Messenger chatbot. Using Loji, Harper said, Red Bull can interact with fans by adding value to conversations. “Connecting meaningfully through chat is uncharted waters,” she said.   Alongside Red Bull, Loji said it has agreed to similar deals with other undisclosed “tier-one brands.” Harper declined to say whether these deals included a financial component, but brands are the the company’s monetization efforts. Harper explained that revenue-generation approaches included premium placement of logos inside the iMessage app and branded content. The company is also considering app-to-app linking and services around data analytics, too. Right now, Loji’s team of six is fully focused on the iOS experience, but it is also developing a Messenger app experience. For now, there’s no immediate plan to develop an Android version — Android users can currently receive Loji content — but the upcoming Messenger app will expand its reach to non-iOS devices, which will allow other users on to the platform. The company previously raised an undisclosed round of seed funding to get started, and Harper said she is looking at raising the next seed round to advance the business now that brands are coming aboard as partners. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Loji Founded 2015 Overview Loji interactive icons are the fastest way to find and share useful information, without ever leaving iMessage. Access details and real-time updates on your favorite people, places and things. Empower your search experience and make better connections to what you love. Categories Marketing, Advertising Platforms, Mobile Apps, Apps, Brand Marketing Founders Kathryn Harper Website http://www.goloji.com Full profile for Loji Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Symphony Messaging App Joins the Unicorn Club | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes web portal social messaging SMS Software Apps Popular Posts Featured Stories Apple is shoring up Siri for its next generation of intelligent devices 10 hours ago | John Mannes Apple could release MacBook updates soon 10 hours ago | Romain Dillet What to expect from Google I/O 2017 11 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Oscar Health only lost half as much money as it did last year 12 hours ago | Sarah Buhr Latest From TechCrunch Crunch Report | Symphony Messaging App Joins the Unicorn Club 3 hours ago | Khaled "Tito" Hamze There’s no shame in a $100M startup 6 hours ago | Eric Paley, Joseph Flaherty These are the five finalists in the TechCrunch Disrupt NY Startup Battlefield 6 hours ago | Anthony Ha Mike Allen of Axios: People want sophisticated explanations, not long ones 7 hours ago | Ingrid Lunden Comment moderation powered by Up Next SoFi’s CEO wishes the US had less student loan debt Posted 11 hours ago CrunchBoard Job Listings Marketing director at Altpoint Ventures at Altpoint Ventures (Greenwich, CT, United States) Lead Full-Stack Engineer at CodePath (San Francisco, CA, United States) Senior full-stack React/Node/Java technical instructor at CodePath (Sunnyvale, CA / Remote) Director of Engineering @ Carbine Coffee at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) SDET (Software Design Engineer in Test) at Labelmaster Software (Seattle, WA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip Activations Blog International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps Bullish Crunch Report News All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Sessions Include TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Crunch Report | Symphony Messaging App Joins the Unicorn Club 3 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze There’s no shame in a $100M startup 6 hours ago by Eric Paley, Joseph Flaherty These are the five finalists in the TechCrunch Disrupt NY Startup Battlefield 6 hours ago by Anthony Ha Mike Allen of Axios: People want sophisticated explanations, not long ones 7 hours ago by Ingrid Lunden AMD’s new top-end Radeon Vega graphics cards are taking aim at competing GPUs 7 hours ago by Stefan Etienne Cadre and Point are betting that the best way to win in real estate is to disrupt the market 7 hours ago by John Mannes After WannaCry, ex-NSA director defends agencies holding exploits 8 hours ago by Natasha Lomas Fintech unicorn TransferWise reaches profitability, planning ‘new financial services’ 8 hours ago by Steve O'Hear Bragi’s new Dash PRO headphones are true wearable head computers 8 hours ago by Darrell Etherington Pinterest will soon let advertisers reach consumers through their smartphone’s camera 8 hours ago by Sarah Perez
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 22 mins S&P 500 2,400.67 -1.65 (-0.07%) Dow 30 20,979.75 -2.19 (-0.01%) Nasdaq 6,169.87 +20.20 (+0.33%) Get ready for new Apple laptops next month Kif Leswing Business Insider May 16, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Tim Cook macbook (smaller)More (Getty) Apple is preparing three new laptops expected to launch next month at Apple's annual Worldwide Developers Conference, Bloomberg reported on Tuesday. Apple could release a refreshed version of the 12-inch MacBook with a new Intel chip, according to the report. One of the complaints about Apple's MacBook laptop is that the current processor is optimized for battery life, not for performance. A new model using a different Intel chip could make the device more attractive to a wider swath of users, possibly at the expense of battery life. New versions of the MacBook Pro with faster Intel chips are also planned for launch. Apple may update its least expensive laptop, the MacBook Air, with a new processor as well. For the past few years, Apple's hasn't launched hardware at its annual developer conference, but it appears to be gearing up to do so this year — previous rumors have suggested a smart speaker or a new iPad Pro. Last fall, Apple launched MacBook Pros with a touchscreen integrated into the keyboard. Although the company says sales of the new laptops are robust, many professional users who wanted a new high-end laptop were disappointed. Read the story at Bloomberg » NOW WATCH: Here's a visualization of Elon Musk's tunneling project that could change transportation forever More From Business Insider Apple will reportedly reveal Amazon Video for Apple TV next month Everything we know about the next iPhone — including a completely new look Here's why the time is right for tech giants like Apple and Google to launch an attack on cable TV Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next UBS: A 'narrative shift' could send Apple stock soaring Business Insider The entire MacBook line is getting updated this month, report claims BGR News HTC told us why the HTC U11 doesn’t have a bezel-less display BGR News Apple invented a special container to keep the pizza at its new campus from getting soggy Business Insider Apple expert: 'Sell as soon as you hear about any big M&A activity' Business Insider What It Really Costs to Go to Walt Disney World Money Why one couple feels like they're scraping by on $500K a year Yahoo Finance Trump is the wrong kind of businessperson to be president Yahoo Finance Snap surges after Wall Street heavyweights reveal stakes Reuters What to Watch in the Markets Wednesday, May 17 Yahoo Finance Video ‘Injustice 2’ review: Kneel before this sublime superhero fighter Yahoo Finance Steve Kerr yells the same thing every time Draymond Green shoots a 3 as part of the unusual way he manages the Warriors star Business Insider Watch the US Marine Corps' F-35 run and gun for the first time Business Insider YouTubers are drilling holes in iPhones to turn them into $5 fidget spinners Business Insider Hackers mint crypto-currency with technique in global 'ransomware' attack Reuters Stocks take latest Trump drama in stride Yahoo Finance Video Trump is the wrong kind of businessperson to be president Steve: He sucked as a CEO running 4 companies bankrupt. He sucks as POTUS running the Country into the ground. LOCK HIM UP!! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.1k
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple Granted 56 Patents Today Covering an Edge-to-Edge iPhone Display, Touch ID under the Display & 3D Scanner | Main | Apple Likely to Introduce a MacBook Pro Refresh at WWDC with a 32GB Option that Pro's have been Screaming for » May 16, 2017 LG to introduce their First OLED Smartphone in H2 as they prepare to enter Apple's Supply Chain in 2019   LG has been an important supplier of LCD displays for Apple for some time now. Apple's shift to OLED displays took LG by surprise. We noted a year ago that LG was racing to become Apple's number two supplier for OLED. While LG is ramping up OLED production, it can't reportedly meet Apple's demands or quality standards at this point in time.   Last month we reported that a senior official at LG Display told the Korean press that "We received a request to take part in a bid for receiving an order for small and medium-sized OLEDs from Apple. At the end of June, we will make a decision based on OLED production technology, capacity and the accompanying investment volume in an extraordinary board meeting."   The most recent news from the Korean tech press tells us that LG Display could face a further delay in supplying OLED screens for iPhone as it is struggling to meet Apple's strict requirements. Sources said the company's OLED shipment for iPhone could start from as early as 2019, about a year's delay from previously planned.   To get up to speed, LG Electronics is rolling out their first smartphone model with an OLED display in the latter half of this year with their upcoming V30, LG's largest-screen premium phone.   The report's sources state that most OLED screens that will be produced at LG Display's Gumi E5 plant in the second half of the year will be used for its sister firm LG Electronics' smartphones starting with the V30. "Some of their OLED production will be supplied to Chinese phone makers who are hoping to catch up with front-runners such as Samsung and Apple." He added that "LG's OLED panel production will start in July."   We'll still have to wait for LG's formal response to Apple in June as they made public last month. The sources who remained anonymous for this current Korean report could be LG's competitors for all we know – so today's revelation is tentative until confirmed. Other reports surfacing in February pointed to Apple being in talks with BOE Technology Group regarding OLED displays as a possible backup supplier.   By 2019, both LG and Foxconn/Sharp should be up to speed and ready to enter Apple's supply chain. Apple's initial reliance on Samsung for OLED displays for their upcoming iPhone should be short lived.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on May 16, 2017 at 01:08 PM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts TheStreet Launches a Free New Financial App that's Available at the App Store 'Today at Apple' is Finally Rolling out at an Apple Store Near You Apple Likely to Introduce a MacBook Pro Refresh at WWDC with a 32GB Option that Pro's have been Screaming for LG to introduce their First OLED Smartphone in H2 as they prepare to enter Apple's Supply Chain in 2019 Apple Granted 56 Patents Today Covering an Edge-to-Edge iPhone Display, Touch ID under the Display & 3D Scanner In Portrait mode on the iPhone 7 Plus, you don’t just look good. You look fantastic. Apple Italy announces that their Advanced Apple Store with Amphitheater will be Opening Soon in Milan Samsung and Apple in a Race to Introduce both a Selfie Camera and Smart Band Display to their Respective Smartwatches VoIP-Pal Raises Damages Claim against Apple in Patent Lawsuit by almost Tenfold Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps Bullish Crunch Report News Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Sessions Include TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Facebook Tesla Snap News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt NYThe Excitement of Disrupt NY Continues Today Pick Up Tickets Here Education Epigrammar uses student annotations to improve classroom discussions, tests and comprehension Germany’s Duolingo competitor Babbel sets its sights on the US This DIY Google Home uses Raspberry Pi and cardboard to make the magic happen Browse more... Apple Apple is shoring up Siri for its next generation of intelligent devices Apple could release MacBook updates soon Apple could stop updating the iPad mini Browse more... Education Epigrammar uses student annotations to improve classroom discussions, tests and comprehension Microsoft’s new education push plays to its strengths, the cheap and familiar Windows 10 S will fuel Microsoft’s Chromebook competitors Browse more... classes A Year From Launch, Skillshare Lands $6M From USV, Spark To Double Down On Its Project-Based, Online Classes With A Fresh $1M From Zappos CEO Tony Hsieh, Skillshare Looks To Expand Its Course Menu And Go Big Abroad Educreations Grabs $2.2M From Accel, NewSchools To Turn Your iPad Into Your Classroom Browse more... apple stores Come take a peek inside Apple’s new Regent Street flagship store in London Those Rumored Google Stores Are Starting To Make A Lot Of Sense Apple’s Jam-Packed Grand Central Store (Video) Browse more... Apple launches a new website for its expanded set of educational classes, now open for sign-ups Posted 12 hours ago by Sarah Perez (@sarahintampa) 0 SHARES Next Story DefinedCrowd is teaching machines to better understand the complexities of language Last month, Apple announced its plans to offer an expanded set of educational sessions at its stores, which will now feature more in-depth training on how to use its devices and products, along with more community involvement ranging from having artists host talks on how they’re using Apple products to having customers venture outside for things like photo and sketch walks. This afternoon, this program is going live on a new, dedicated website called “Today at Apple,” where customers can now view the available courses and sign up for classes. The launch kicking off this week includes 4,000 sessions per day across Apple’s stores. While Apple has offered in-store classes for years, the idea with the expanded course line-up is to attract more members of the creative community and younger users to its stores, with a variety of classes focusing on subjects like art, design, music and photography. This also allows Apple to differentiate itself from competitors – that is, it’s not just a device and software maker, but also a real-world destination where people can pursue their interests and feel involved in their local creative community. The stores will also now feature more programs for children, with new “Kids Hour” sessions. Parents can bring their kids to learn about things like how to create music in GarageBand, make movies with iMovie, or learn coding basics by playing with Sphero robots, for example. Stores in select larger markets will also now have sessions taught by local artists, musicians and photographers. In some cases, these will include live performances where the artists not just explain how they use Apple technologies, but also entertain the session attendees with an exclusive performance. According to the new “Today at Apple” website, the early lineup includes performances in the U.S. by Lil Buck, Charlie Puth, and Leon Bridges in San Francisco; Christopher Martin and Estelle in Brooklyn and SoHo NYC, respectively; a music lab by Steve Lacy in Brooklyn; as well as art and photography related sessions featuring Tyler Hansen and The Selby (SF), Timothy Mulcare and Buff Monster (Brooklyn), and Cody Guilfoyle and Jeremyville (SoHo). Elsewhere in the world, similar sessions will be offered in cities like London, Paris, Berlin, Dubai, and Tokyo. As the program continues, Apple will bring in more artists and musicians, some of whom will be up-and-coming in their respected fields, while others will be more established names. In addition, starting on May 20th, all 495 Apple Stores worldwide will offer both Photo Walks and Kids Hour sessions. Some of the Photo Walks in smaller markets may still bring in a local photographer, while others will be led by Apple staff. Customers will have to check their own store’s individual schedule to see what’s available in their market. Though the focus of the expanded line-up is to help people do more with their Apple devices, the company is continuing to offer its “basics” classes that let new users learn the fundamentals and features of Apple devices and software, and it will offer “Accessibility Basics” classes that teach customers with vision or hearing loss, or reduced mobility, how Apple’s products can help. Other sessions will focus on “how to” do a specific thing – like edit video, optimize photos, or use iWork. And some “how to” classes will be aimed at business customers to address their separate set of needs. The remaining lineup includes Studio Hours (where you can get help with a particular project), sketch walks, Teacher Tuesdays, a Pro Series (advanced classes), live art, photo and music labs, Field Trip (teacher-led student outings), Apple Camp (for kids), and Perspectives, where two influencers share stories about their creative processes. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Symphony Messaging App Joins the Unicorn Club | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Education classes apple stores Apple Education Popular Posts Featured Stories Apple is shoring up Siri for its next generation of intelligent devices 10 hours ago | John Mannes Apple could release MacBook updates soon 10 hours ago | Romain Dillet What to expect from Google I/O 2017 11 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Oscar Health only lost half as much money as it did last year 11 hours ago | Sarah Buhr Latest From TechCrunch Crunch Report | Symphony Messaging App Joins the Unicorn Club 3 hours ago | Khaled "Tito" Hamze There’s no shame in a $100M startup 6 hours ago | Eric Paley, Joseph Flaherty These are the five finalists in the TechCrunch Disrupt NY Startup Battlefield 6 hours ago | Anthony Ha Mike Allen of Axios: People want sophisticated explanations, not long ones 7 hours ago | Ingrid Lunden Comment moderation powered by Up Next DefinedCrowd is teaching machines to better understand the complexities of language Posted 12 hours ago CrunchBoard Job Listings Marketing director at Altpoint Ventures at Altpoint Ventures (Greenwich, CT, United States) Lead Full-Stack Engineer at CodePath (San Francisco, CA, United States) Senior full-stack React/Node/Java technical instructor at CodePath (Sunnyvale, CA / Remote) Director of Engineering @ Carbine Coffee at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) SDET (Software Design Engineer in Test) at Labelmaster Software (Seattle, WA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip Activations Blog International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps Bullish Crunch Report News All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Sessions Include TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Crunch Report | Symphony Messaging App Joins the Unicorn Club 3 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze There’s no shame in a $100M startup 6 hours ago by Eric Paley, Joseph Flaherty These are the five finalists in the TechCrunch Disrupt NY Startup Battlefield 6 hours ago by Anthony Ha Mike Allen of Axios: People want sophisticated explanations, not long ones 7 hours ago by Ingrid Lunden AMD’s new top-end Radeon Vega graphics cards are taking aim at competing GPUs 7 hours ago by Stefan Etienne Cadre and Point are betting that the best way to win in real estate is to disrupt the market 7 hours ago by John Mannes After WannaCry, ex-NSA director defends agencies holding exploits 7 hours ago by Natasha Lomas Fintech unicorn TransferWise reaches profitability, planning ‘new financial services’ 8 hours ago by Steve O'Hear Bragi’s new Dash PRO headphones are true wearable head computers 8 hours ago by Darrell Etherington Pinterest will soon let advertisers reach consumers through their smartphone’s camera 8 hours ago by Sarah Perez
Apps iPhone Apps iPad Apps Mac Apps Apple TV Apps Apple Watch Apps The Best Apps Tutorials Jailbreak Jailbreak Tweaks Jailbreak Guide Unlock Guide Deals Latest Deals Devices iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Apple TV More Download Wallpapers iPhone Photography Expert Tips Podcasts Apple to soon require app-specific passwords to access your iCloud data Christian Zibreg on May 16, 2017 0 According to an Apple Support email sent out today, all native third-party apps for iPhone, iPad, Mac and other platforms will be required to use app-specific passwords to access user data stored in iCloud, not Apple ID credentials. App-specific passwords went into effect in October 2014. Back then, enabling two-step verification for Apple ID would turn on app-specific passwords for web-based apps and services. Starting on June 15, app-specific passwords will become a mandatory requirement for any native app that wishes to access user data in iCloud. You can generate app passwords in the Password & Security section of the Apple ID website. A password created for one app, like Outlook, doesn’t work in another app like Spark. Come June 15, you’ll be automatically signed out of all apps that use your Apple ID credentials. As an example, if you set up Fantastical for Mac with your Apple ID to access your iCloud calendars, you’ll need to generate an app-specific password to continue accessing your iCloud calendars from within the app on and after June 15. In simpler terms, you’ll be required to enable two-factor authentication for your Apple ID and generate individual passwords for each app after the cutoff date. The change is platform-agnostic: if you use Windows 10’s Mail app to receive your iCloud data like contacts and calendars, you’ll need to create an app-specific password for it. This is for the sake of everyone’s security because signing into third-party apps with your primary Apple ID password may expose you to various attacks and hacking attempts. To be clear, this only affects apps which access iCloud in a non-native way, which includes email clients like Outlook, Thunderbird and others. If an app has been updated to use iCloud Drive, it won’t need an app-specific password to access user data in iCloud. Bottom line: Apple still lets you grant apps access to your iCloud data, but soon you’ll be able to do so in such a way that keeps your primary Apple ID password safe and secure. Apple’s first-party apps are not affected by this change. Tagged: App Store Apps Apple Apps iCloud iPad iPhone iPod Touch News MORE FROM iDB WhatsApp quietly added encryption to iCloud backups in late 2016 Infuse 5 is out: Up Next, Split View, PiP, iCloud sync, cloud streaming & more Instagram rolls out selfie filters, rewind option for videos, hashtag sticker & eraser brush Featured Latest Daily Deals: $40 Roku stick, $1,550 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, and more Deadpool, Prometheus, and other iTunes movies on sale right now Wallpapers of the week: yellow inspiration Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCVertically, MusicMoreColumns, WAStatusVolume, & more… Satechi’s new hub gives your MacBook Pro ports for USB, 4K HDMI, SD/microSD & more Daily Deals: $40 Roku stick, $1,550 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, and more First gameplay video of Oceanhorn 2 looks fantastic Bloomberg: upgraded MacBook lineup coming at WWDC next month Deadpool, Prometheus, and other iTunes movies on sale right now Apple to soon require app-specific passwords to access your iCloud data Jailbreak News Make your folders look the way they did in iOS 6 with ClassicFolders 2 Masq lets you customize the Now Playing interface Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCVertically, MusicMoreColumns, WAStatusVolume, & more… This tweak lets you summon banners with battery information NoBlurFrontCamera disables the blurred camera effect in the FaceTime app Apps Apple to soon require app-specific passwords to access your iCloud data Instagram rolls out selfie filters, rewind option for videos, hashtag sticker & eraser brush Google could launch Assistant for iOS soon as a standalone app Reddit Enhanced is a tweak that lets you customize the official Reddit app Big Keys, Subtotal, Dazzle Browser, and other apps to check out this weekend Accessories BGR: Next Apple Watch to use smart bands for game-changing diabetes treatment tech Philips expands Hue smart lighting with new bulbs, fixtures and table lamps Satechi’s new hub gives your MacBook Pro ports for USB, 4K HDMI, SD/microSD & more Bloomberg: Apple employees are testing rumored Siri smart speaker at home Microsoft and Harman Kardon unveil Invoke smart speaker with Cortana, coming this fall Deals Disconnect: Lifetime Premium Subscription for $49 SainSmart UNO for Arduino for $53 The Mini Mac Developer Bundle for $14 Newsletter Get updates directly into your inbox. Subscribe Download the iDB app About | Contact | Advertise | Disclosure | Privacy Policy 2017 © iDownloadBlog.com - This website is not affiliated with Apple. Home Apps Tutorials Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Downloads Wallpapers Accessories Deals Podcasts Write for iDB Contact Us
Articles l l What Is UEFI, and How Is It Different from BIOS? Fragmentation Isn’t Android’s Fault, It’s the Manufacturers’ How to Get the Most Out of Your Android TV How to Seamlessly Run Windows Programs on Your Mac with Parallels Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+ FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY Search How to Add Google, Exchange, Facebook, and Other Accounts to macOS By Justin Pot on May 16th, 2017 In the past, if you wanted to add your Gmail to macOS Mail and your Google Calendar to macOS Calendar, you’d enter your Google credentials separately into both applications. It didn’t make sense: it’s the same account, so why do you need to sign in separately? Apple fixed that a few years ago by adding Internet Accounts to the System Preferences panel. There, you can log into several of your online accounts, giving the operating system and Apple-provided applications access to them. Log into your Google account once, and then decide if Mail, Calendar and Contacts will sync up with that account. You can even add Messenger, and then chat with your Hangouts friends in the macOS IM application. RELATED ARTICLE How to Customize the Share Menu on macOS And this goes well beyond Google: Microsoft Exchange, Yahoo, and AOL are supported for email, contacts, and calendars, as well. You even can add social networks for real-time notifications and integration with the macOS share menu. How to Add New Accounts To add an account, head to System Preferences > Internet Accounts. In the Internet Accounts panel, your current accounts are listed on the left, and a list of compatible accounts you can add show up on the right. Scroll through the list, find what you want to add, and then click it. You will be asked to log in. RELATED ARTICLE What Is Two-Factor Authentication, and Why Do I Need It? This works just like it does in your browser—and two-factor authentication is fully supported—so you shouldn’t have any trouble logging in. Once you’re logged in, you can choose which services will and will not sync to your Mac. For Google, macOS supports syncing of Mail, Contacts, Calendars, Messages, and Notes. Just choose whichever services you want. When you’ve got syncing working for an app, just pop it open and see how it works. Below, for example, are my How-To Geek Calendars showing up in Calendar. Most of the time, the syncing process is pretty much instant. Sometimes—depending on what you’re syncing and how much data is there—it can take a while, so be patient if you don’t see everything right away. The Different Kinds of Accounts You Can Add You might be wondering: what services are offered, and what are they compatible with? Here’s a complete list: RELATED ARTICLE How to Sync Contacts, Reminders, and More with iCloud iCloud: Enables iCloud Drive and the rest of the iCloud service, which syncs Contacts, Reminders, and more. Exchange: Syncs email, calendar and contacts. Google: Syncs email, contacts, calendars, and notes. Also use Hangouts in Messages. Twitter: Gets real-time notifications, and adds Twitter to the Share Menu. Facebook: Gets real-time notifications, and adds Facebook to the Share Menu. LinkedIn: Gets real-time notifications, and adds LinkedIn to the Share Menu Yahoo: Syncs email, calendar, and contacts. Aol: Syncs email, calendar and contacts. Adds chat with AIM users in Messages. Vimeo: Adds Vimeo to the Share Menu. Flickr: Add Flicker to the Share Menu. At the bottom of this list, you also will find the option to “Add Other Account.” If you use a provider not listed above, you can still add things like email or calendar accounts, provided they’re based on a compatible standard. Here’s a list of the standards supported by Internet Accounts” Mail: Supports IMAP and POP accounts. Messages: Logs into any AIM or Jabber account. CalDAV: Uses the open format for sharing calendars, used by many providers. CardDAV: Uses the open format for sharing contacts, used by many providers. LDAP: Supports the Lightweight Directory Access Protocol, which is used on many company intranets. macOS Server: Supports a macOS Server, so this is where you log in to sync everything up. Most of these standards are related to email, calendar, and contacts. Compatibility with open formats makes it possible for the Mac to connect to basically any service that uses those standards. JOIN THE DISCUSSION (1 REPLY) Got Feedback? Click Here to Join the Discussion Tweet Justin Pot is a staff writer for How-To Geek, and a technology enthusiast who lives in Hillsboro, Oregon. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook, if you want. You don't have to. Published 05/16/17 DID YOU KNOW? The Pinocchio paradox is an example of the liar paradox in philosophy and logic, arising when Pinocchio says “my nose grows now” as his nose can only grow when he is lying. So if the statement is true, his nose is not growing, but if he is lying, then it is growing which makes the statement, paradoxically, true. BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK Why Is Cortana Still Running in the Background After You Disable It? 10 Quick Ways to Speed Up a Slow Mac Nest vs. Ecobee3 vs. Honeywell Lyric: Which Smart Thermostat Should You Buy? Warning: When Dialing 911 on a Cell Phone or VoIP Service, Location Tracking is Limited How to Choose the Best VPN Service for Your Needs Buy Your Cable Modem Instead of Renting It to Save $120 Per Year How to Get a Chrome OS-like Operating System on Any PC How to Fax a Document From Your Smartphone How to Digitize Old Photos with Your Smartphone Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2017 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1369, 15 May 17 #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 #1362, 27 Mar 17 #1361, 20 Mar 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Fantastical 2.3.7 PopChar X 7.7.1 Default Folder X 5.1.5 OmniFocus 2.9.1 OmniOutliner Essentials and Pro 5.0.3 Tweetbot 2.5 1Password 6.7.1 ChronoSync 4.7.6 and ChronoAgent 1.6.2 Typinator 7.2 Pages 6.1.1, Numbers 4.1.1, and Keynote 7.1.1 for Mac     Related Articles Nine Accessories for Charging Apple Devices (17 Mar 17) Behind the iPhone 7 Plus’s Portrait Mode (24 Sep 16) MacBook Accessories Reduce Single USB-C Port Inconvenience (10 Mar 16) Physical Keyboards for the iPhone 6 Plus (25 Oct 14) OverDrive, Bluefire, and the EPUBlic Library (18 Feb 11)     Published in TidBITS 1369. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. Apple Releases macOS 10.12.5, iOS 10.3.2, watchOS 3.2.2, and tvOS 10.2.1 DealBITS Discount: Save 20% on the iBooks Author Conference 2017 Apple to Deprecate 32-bit iOS Apps 4 Things to Consider Before Enabling iCloud Photo Library TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 15 May 2017 ExtraBITS for 15 May 2017     Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Tech News | 14 May 2017 | Print  | Comment (15) Lightening the Vacation Tech Load by Julio Ojeda-Zapata For decades, I have tried to travel light but seemed genetically incapable of doing so. Regardless of the type of trip, I would pack two or three times more clothes than necessary. This also applied to my technology. I always took along a Mac, even on family vacations. Heck, beyond the laptop, I would bring along multiple gadgets like PDAs, tablets, and phones – the more the better! In addition to saddling me with needless weight, packing all this gear created an endless temptation to tinker. I love to fiddle with my tech and have been known to wipe my Mac’s hard drive and reinstall its operating system while on vacation. If you’re thinking, “He’s nuts!” or something similar, I agree with you. As does my wife. That’s why a recent vacation to visit family in Florida was momentous. For the first time, I packed (somewhat) more sensibly. Oh, I don’t mean clothing and footwear – I overdid those yet again – but I tried to pare down my tech and succeeded, to a degree. It’s a work in progress. I stuck mainly to Apple gear for consistency and interoperability. For nearly two weeks in the Sunshine State, I had with me an iPad, iPhone, Apple Watch, and AirPods, but – drum roll – no Mac. Limiting myself to the minimalist iOS and watchOS meant fewer things to monkey with. That kept me better focused on what really mattered: long naps and walks with my wife, swimming in the sea, catching up with a few favorite TV shows, leisurely meals with friends and relatives, and so on. Pre-vacation prep was critical to avoid tech detours and distractions while on my journey. So I put in time beforehand setting up apps and services, and modifying my tech routine so my holiday would go more smoothly. Consider this a travel-tech guide of sorts for Apple fans, though your details will likely vary. Toward the end, I’ll mention a few non-Apple devices and accessories. iPad -- I insisted on taking along some kind of a computer, and an iPhone doesn’t count. Other vacationers might happily do without for two weeks, but for both personal and professional reasons I can’t — and I’ll bet some of you feel the same. The 9.7-inch iPad Pro was my obvious choice. It’s lightweight and compact, slipping into a mini-messenger bag that’s too small for any portable Mac. I paired the tablet with Apple’s Smart Keyboard – a prescient move, as it turned out – and used a matching Silicone Case for protection. I planned to use the iPad primarily for reading and video watching. I also wanted to stay on top of the news, since not knowing what’s going on stresses me out. Here’s how I set things up to facilitate these uses. I started with cellular data. I don’t normally enable it on an iPad, but I deemed it essential for this trip. There’s nothing worse than an endless search for reliable Wi-Fi, an issue I’ve often faced while traveling. So I temporarily put AT&T cell service on the device. I worried about chewing through my data too quickly, though, so I took the precaution of downloading video for offline use. You can do this with iTunes purchases and rentals, of course. What I didn’t know until I did my research is that offline downloading is also possible with streaming services like Netflix, Amazon Prime Instant Video, and my Comcast cable-TV provider’s Xfinity service (for details about Netflix, see “Netflix Introduces Offline Viewing for iOS,” 30 November 2016). Not all streamable titles on these services are downloadable, but I found plenty to keep me entertained. Ebooks are faster to download, but I still made sure all the titles I wanted to read were stored on my iPad before leaving. Again, books purchased from the iBooks Store (or rivals like Amazon and Google) are the obvious options here, but I’m a cheapskate and went another way. My public library offers ebook checkouts for free via OverDrive and Cloud Library. It’s a good bet your public library offers at least one of these services or another called Hoopla. (The image below is of my library’s OverDrive home screen, also see “OverDrive, Bluefire, and the EPUBlic Library,” 18 February 2011.) I’m also a magazine junkie, and in the past I’d carry stacks of them onto planes. Now I use my iPad as a magazine reader. For my trip, I tried a couple of magazine sources. One is Texture, a service with dozens of titles for as little as $9.99 a month. I signed up for a trial and like it, but I’m not sure I’ll keep it. That’s in large part because the St. Paul Public Library offers magazines via Zinio for Libraries. It’s missing some of my favorite titles but the price is right: free. See if your public library has this. (There’s also a non-library Zinio consumer service that is very much like Texture.) For news, I was already set up with my favorite apps and Web sites, like Feedly, Flipboard, Memeorandum, Techmeme, and Mediagazer. As an experiment, I tried relying on Apple’s News app, which I hadn’t used in ages, as my primary news app for the trip. It still has issues but has come a long way, and I found it useful and enjoyable for news scans. Out of the blue, my iPad was pressed into service to get some hardcore work done midway through our vacation. And for once, it wasn’t me, it was my wife. She unexpectedly had to help my parents with my recently deceased brother’s complicated estate, a job that required her to pore over and modify documents. My wife has never been sold on the iPad for productivity – she’d much rather use her MacBook Air – but she had no trouble adapting to the iPad Pro and Smart keyboard, spending hours on it with nary a complaint. The biggest test for both of us was that my mother’s MacBook Pro with Retina display was nearby and often idle, so you’d think we would have been tempted to use it instead. I did once, briefly, but for the most part we were fine sticking to the iPad. iPhone -- To a great extent, my iPhone 7 Plus was a smaller version of my iPad, with virtually all of the same apps and services. Some things didn’t work well. Reading magazines via Texture is too much of a chore on the smaller screen, for instance. But I enjoyed reading books on the iPhone, and occasionally used it to watch videos. I also used the iPhone as my only camera for the trip. It’s no DSLR, but it takes nice photos, and I am addicted to the Camera app’s Portrait mode that blurs the background of photos impressively, if not always flawlessly (see “Behind the iPhone 7 Plus’s Portrait Mode,” 24 September 2016). I was paranoid about losing photos in a catastrophic mishap (for good reason, as you will soon discover!), so I used Apple’s Lightning to USB 3 Camera Adapter to transfer pictures from the iPhone to my iPad regularly. Had there been reliable Wi-Fi access, I would have done automatic uploads to Google Photos like I do at home, but on the trip, I was worried about chewing through my cellular data. (Of course, you could also use Apple’s solutions: My Photo Stream and iCloud Photo Library.) For extra protection, I swapped out my standard Apple leather case for a beefier, more rugged Tech Armor Shock Flex Case model. Nice idea, but the Tech Armor case doesn’t claim to protect against what I was about to do to my iPhone. One day, I dove into the pool, swam around, toweled off, sank into a reclining chair, and groped around in my bag for my iPhone. It was nowhere to be found, but I was sure the handset wasn’t back at the condo. Then, with a sick feeling, I realized it was in one of my swim trunks’ pockets. I was certain it was a goner. But it kept going, and it’s still working perfectly as I type this, weeks later. Apple doesn’t certify the iPhone 7 as waterproof, just water resistant – so this isn’t your cue to take yours for a swim – but looks like it’s pretty doggone resistant. Could I have managed with just the iPhone 7 Plus as my main travel computer, maybe with an external keyboard? It’s not out of the question (see “Physical Keyboards for the iPhone 6 Plus,” 25 October 2014), and I may work up the nerve to try it someday. Apple Watch -- Of all the gear I brought, the Apple Watch Series 2 was the most interesting to me because I tried extra-hard to make it relevant and useful. I’ve never been the biggest of Apple Watch fans, so I wanted to see whether the trip would inspire a greater appreciation for Apple’s wearable. (Spoiler: it did.) Here’s how my use of the Apple Watch (one of those Nike-branded models) went down. I took many walks with my wife, as noted, and for the first time became obsessed with filling those three concentric rings for exercise (red), movement (yellow), and standing time (blue). We are of Latino persuasion, so I called them los circulitos, Spanish for “the little circles.” I’ve remained interested in keeping up with the rings since the trip, which I didn’t expect. In fact, since my trip, I have for the first time fully incorporated the Apple Watch into my fitness (mostly bicycling) routine, tracking my post-vacation exercise with the watch’s stock Activity and Workout apps along with the third-party Strava service much beloved among bicyclists and runners. When possible, I wanted to have entertainment options at my fingertips without searching for my iPhone. That’s the key reason for the Apple Watch, right? Figuring out the options took a little research, but I found a few doozies. Most notable among these is Marco Arment’s Overcast podcast app. Overcast won me over because it provides its own Apple Watch control screen instead of making its users rely on Apple’s inferior Now Playing interface. So I switched over from Pocket Casts, which lacks Apple Watch support. Overcast also has a Smart Speed feature to compress long silences and reduce listening time, plus a Voice Boost feature that makes spoken podcasts louder and clearer. I love both. Arment has since added another nice feature, an option to load podcasts right on the Apple Watch so its companion iPhone can be left behind. That would have come in handy on my vacation and possibly even averted my iPhone’s dunking. I use the Pandora service occasionally, so I installed its Apple Watch app to keep all my customized stations handy. I also wanted to catch up on the news of the day simply by glancing at the Apple Watch. A headline complication for the device’s Modular face makes this possible, but I was shocked at how few options exist. CNN is one, but the Washington Post is better. The Post’s Apple Watch app is a tiny adjunct to the newspaper’s iPhone and iPad apps, which rely on square photos or illustrations with overlaid text that tell a quick story. Tapping a graphic loads the corresponding article. On the Apple Watch, the square graphics are smaller, but still quite readable. Tapping the headline in the Modular face’s complication leads to one of the graphics. Tapping the graphic loads a mini-story that is enough to get you up to speed until you can pull out your iPhone or iPad for the full text. If you want to stay on the Apple Watch, you can scroll through a bunch of these textual mini articles or take the graphical approach by scrolling through a series of infographics as if they were a slide show. It’s really quite ingenious. Imagine me half-submerged in a swimming pool, basking in the tropical sun, while languidly flipping through the app’s picture stories to get a basic understanding of what was going on (with a mental note to follow up on the iPad later for a more complete picture). Alas, the Washington Post app sometimes failed to update, meaning the news headline shown in the complication was hours or days old, which caused me no end of frustration. I’d have to fiddle endlessly with the watch to get the app working again, exactly the sort of thing I had wanted to avoid on vacation. I had one other news app on the Apple Watch: National Public Radio’s NPR One app, which is the height of simplicity. Push an on-screen button to start audio playback, then flip through stories until you find something you like. It’s the perfect audio app for vacationing news junkies. The Apple Watch Series 2 is waterproof, so I kept it on my wrist even when I dove into the pool or plunged into the ocean. Grains of sand sometimes got stuck in its nooks and crannies, annoyingly, but I was otherwise delighted with my aquatic sidekick. I had two Apple Watch bands on my trip, a Nike-branded Sports Band and an Apple Woven Nylon band, but the sporty Nike band worked in every situation. AirPods -- I packed a pair of AirPods, thinking my wife and I could use them to watch videos together, each with one of the buds. It was a good idea, but we never got around to it. I adore the AirPods and use them nonstop at home, but I regret taking them on the trip because I was petrified about losing one or both — I lose stuff with astonishing ease. That didn’t happen, but in a cruel irony, I misplaced one of the AirPods after my trip. I’m pretty sure it’s in the house somewhere, but several weeks later, it has yet to reveal itself. I haven’t been able to find it with the new Find My AirPods feature because, in an epic bit of bad timing, I had unpaired the AirPods from my iPhone just prior to the loss. For the trip, I stuck with my trusty old LG HBS900 earphones, the kind that rest around the neck in a collar-like, open-in-the-front arrangement, with earbud cords sprouting from either side. They’re harder to lose than AirPods, and the rubber bud tips offer a better ear canal seal for use on a noisy plane. I’d take just these on my next trip. Gear from Outside Cupertino -- I used the iPad, iPhone, and Apple Watch as my primary technology arsenal, but I couldn’t resist a few extras from other companies. The iPad and iPhone are my main devices for reading ebooks, but they are nearly worthless in bright sunlight. That’s inconvenient on a tropical vacation. I fixed this problem by packing a Kindle Oasis, Amazon’s most compact ebook reader, which has a cover that doubles as a battery for more longevity. I used the Kindle a lot. I was paranoid about running out of juice, so I overdid it with the charging gear. The list here is long: Not one, not two, but three Apple 12W USB power adapters. It’s an illness, I know. The Anker PowerCore 20100mAh Portable Charger power pack with two USB ports for charging the iPhone and iPad on the go. It’s similar to Anker’s PowerCore+ 20100 USB-C Premium Ultra-High-Capacity Portable Charger, which I reviewed recently (See “MacBook Accessories Reduce Single USB-C Port Inconvenience,” 10 March 2016). Nomad’s Car Charger with Battery, a gadget that plugs into a car accessory port for iPhone or Kindle charging and doubles as an external battery away from the car. Nomad’s NomadPlus for iPhone accessory that adds a small battery to Apple’s regular iPhone charging plug for phone charging on the go. The Belkin Valet Charger Power Pack 6700 mAh for Apple Watch + iPhone, a smaller power pack with one USB port for on-the-go iPhone or Kindle charging, plus a built-in Apple Watch charging disc. One each of Nomad’s three Ultra Rugged Cable Series charging cables: the Lighting Cable, Battery Cable, and Universal Cable. I needed the Universal Cable, with its three interchangeable charging prongs – Lightning, USB-C, and micro-USB – to charge the Anker, Belkin, and Nomad products. (Note that I reviewed the Nomad cables along with the Belkin and Nomad chargers not long ago see “Nine Accessories for Charging Apple Devices,” 17 March 2017). Unsurprisingly, I went way overboard. I could have easily made do with the Belkin Valet Charger Power Pack, two Apple USB power adapters, and the Nomad Lightning and Universal Cables. For those keeping score, the Belkin Valet charged from the Nomad Universal Cable, which was plugged into a 12-watt Apple USB brick. The Valet charged the Apple Watch at night and I could bring it on outings in case some other device died. Another Apple USB plug and the Nomad Lightning cable charged the iPad by day and the iPhone by night. How’d I Do? -- Looking back on the trip, it’s clear that I was on the right track with leaving the Mac home and bringing the iPad, iPhone, and Apple Watch. The Mac would also have caused me to want another charger and more cables and adapters — it was a relief not to have to think about all that. If you’ve been struggling to leave your Mac at home on a family trip, give it a try — I think you’ll find that it works out fine. However, my paranoia about power led me to overcompensate when it came to charging gear. One charger and cable for each device would have been more than enough, with some sort of external battery pack just in case. Hopefully I’ll get it right next time. And I promised my wife I won’t bring so many shoes, either.   Make friends and influence people by sponsoring TidBITS! Put your company and products in front of tens of thousands of savvy, committed Apple users who actually buy stuff. More information: <http://tidbits.com/advertising.html>   Comments about Lightening the Vacation Tech Load To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. On a recent vacation, Julio Ojeda-Zapata pared down and simplified his travel tech. Notably, and for the first time ever, he didn’t take a Mac. Other adjustments made for a less complicated and more relaxing trip – but his downsizing remains a process. If you also overpack for your trips, read on for ideas on how to travel more lightly. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Simon   2017-05-15 17:47 To really switch off and relax the first thing I'd leave at home is the Apple Watch. All this obsessing over constant notifications and keeping track of your steps is the pure opposite of relaxing to me. The iPhone probably would have to come along because of the phone part. But for real relaxation I'd silence it and put it in Do Not Disturb mode too. No text or tweet is that important. Finally, I'd definitely bring my Mac. It's a 2013 13" MBP, with an i7 and RAM/SSD fully max'ed out. It's small, light, and has 9 hours battery life. It can do everything without compromise (here's looking at you iPad "pro"), but it can also just sit in a corner giving me the reassurance that I could do anything if something really urgent pops up. I need one charger for my Mac. The iPhone can charge through the Mac so one iPhone cable should be fine. The iPhone charger is small and light so bringing it along for the extra flexibility should be ok. What definitely would stay at home is Apple Watch and iPad. Nothing they do the iPhone/Mac cannot get done better. Plus, less notifications/messages/recharging directly equates to more relaxing and enhances mindfulness which is what vacation IMHO should be all about. Reply Julio Ojeda-Zapata  2017-05-15 20:08 An interesting counterpoint to my story. Thanks for sharing! Reply Bob Galbreath  2017-05-15 22:20 You have several very good points but the idea that you consider your 13" MBP "small and light" leaves me and my 11" MBA speechless. Reply Simon   2017-05-15 23:57 Yeah, you definitely have a valid point. I used to have a 15" MBP so to me the 13" always felt (and still feels) very svelte. Of course the Air is another league when it comes to compact. I guess I always wanted a lot of performance and RAM/disk so to me the 13" MBP felt like an excellent compromise. Reply Adam Engst   2017-05-15 15:02 On my last vacation, I snoozed Slack so I didn't get all the TidBITS and SlackBITS notifications on the Apple Watch, but I left other notifications on because our family was using messaging quite a bit. However, I did switch away from my normal Modular face to the jellyfish. Much more relaxing when checking the time. I almost always have work to do, or possible server emergencies to respond to, so it's very unusual for me not to travel with the MacBook Air. Reply Dan  2017-05-15 17:07 I used to bring a lot of tech on vacation with me, but for the last several years, I've gone the opposite direction, and now I bring next to nothing with me. My wife and I usually take cruises, so the Internet is slow, pricey, and spotty—conveniently inconvenient. Cell service is nonexistent when we aren't in port; when we're at sea, we have zero distractions. I can go several days without any internet access, at all. The iPad stays at home, and the iPhone is usually in the cabin safe. The only tech on me is a simple wristwatch. I work in the tech sector, and being able to completely unplug is a rare luxury. At sea, work can't reach me, because I'm out of the country with no internet connection. Family could reach me via the ship, in case of emergency. I realize that not everyone can vacation this way, but for me, it's bliss. Reply Julio Ojeda-Zapata  2017-05-15 20:11 I once vacationed on Cooper Island in the British Virgin Islands. Small isle, just one resort and wilderness. No Internet (or so I thought). I realized on that trip that I *must* have Internet while on vacation or I'll be miserable. After my trip was over, I found out that if I had gone over to a particular spot on the resort grounds, I would have gained access to a super seekrit Wi-Fi network. Dang it! Reply Tommy Friedmann  2017-05-15 19:55 Very interesting. One item you didn't mention was email. You can get it on the iPad or iPhone but you also get all the spam and I have yet to find a way to sync and file messages to my Mac. What is the way to do it? Reply Julio Ojeda-Zapata  2017-05-15 20:11 I'm Google all the way, so Gmail and Inbox are pretty much the same on all devices. Reply Gil Woolley   2017-05-15 20:21 Tommy, I use Apple Mail on my iMac at home but have found that the Mail filtering works very poorly. I finally gave up on that, erased all the filters in Mail and instead, I went with my browser to my email provider and set up filters there. Those seem to work with my iPhone and in Mail. Admittedly, it is more tedious to set up a filter using Safari as my browser but I believe that the filtering is done no matter which device I use to read my mail. The spam is filtered because I set up filters for a pretty long list of items which appear frequently in spam. Usually, I look in Mail at what is in my spam folder and trash folder and then manually pick out the words which appear so frequently. To each his own but I have separate blocks for words like: shocking, cialis, viagra and many, many more. It was a pain in the tail to set up a block for each word but now is doing the job pretty well for me. Reply Gil Woolley   2017-05-15 20:03 Julio. Do you ever catch your wife rolling her eyes at the amount of stuff your travel with? A wise friend once told me to take half as much clothes and twice as much money as I think I am going to need. The same would go for your electronics. I love photography and frequently take a Canon camera with zoom from 24 to 840 equivalent but no additional lenses and when I broke that, I got by with my iPhone 6S. I defer the long email replies until I return home to my iMac. If someone is paying you to work on your vacation, I guess a laptop would be nice but that isn't a vacation is it? IMHO, the iPhone and a charger are all you need but obviously, you aren't I and vice versa. Thanks for the article anyway even if I do think you are going overboard. Reply Julio Ojeda-Zapata  2017-05-15 20:12 Yep, I might try your approach ... adding only a Bluetooth keyboard to occasionally use the phone as a mini-laptop. Reply Mac Bakewell  2017-05-15 22:38 I recently spent 8 weeks visiting in-laws in rural Thailand. I've been there scores of times and always used to lug my laptop along, but on my last 2 trips I took only my 64GB iPhone SE and a 2TB clone of my desktop on a pocket sized SSD. Never used the clone, yet managed to keep up with work, banking and bills, and volumes of daily correspondence managing family health crises on both sides of the Pacific. Never missed the laptop. Apps that helped make this possible include Gmail, Google Calendar, Dropbox, Notebooks, SmugMug, PDF Expert and PDFConverter. A familiarity with Markdown was also helpful, although not often esssntial. Another useful trick was the WiFi on my Canon, which made it possible to upload photos from the Canon to SmugMug via the iPhone. I should add that we now (finally!) have WiFi at home in Thailand, and that I always swap out my Verizon SIM in favor of a Thai phone and data provider. I like technology too, but stepping back from it and "being there," especially while away from one's usual routine, is good for the soul. Highly recommended. Reply Hank Roberts  2017-05-16 12:58 Hey, please make Tidbits News work with iOS 4.2 (old iPod) or at least 7 (old phone). News can be text, text ought to work with any kind of computer. And those of us getting older get "hand-me-up" hardware from our younger family members who like to be out in front of the bleeding edge. Me, I'm old enough to be dang tired of innovations that just cost money. Reply Adam Engst   2017-05-16 14:46 It's not nearly that simple, unfortunately. You can read what Matt wrote for the 1.5 update, which targeted it at iOS 6. http://tidbits.com/article/13552 My understanding is that if you have got an old app, Apple now makes it possible to redownload that older version even if it is now obsolete. But I think you had to have downloaded the app when it was current — you can't get an old version for the first time now. Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. On a recent vacation, Julio Ojeda-Zapata pared down and simplified his travel tech. Notably, and for the first time ever, he didn’t take a Mac. Other adjustments made for a less complicated and more relaxing trip – but his downsizing remains a process. If you also overpack for your trips, read on for ideas on how to travel more lightly. Add a comment  Search   Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Julio Ojeda-Zapata TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Tech Laptops Apple reportedly updating entire MacBook lineup at WWDC New, 63 comments by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg May 16, 2017, 2:26pm EDT share tweet Linkedin James Bareham Apple is reportedly planning on upgrading all three of its MacBook products at WWDC this year, according to a report from Mark Gurman at Bloomberg. The company is said to be working on three updated models: a MacBook Pro with Intel’s latest Kaby Lake processor, a more powerful version of the 12-inch MacBook, and an updated 13-inch MacBook Air, which could get a faster processor as well. But sadly, there’s no word on a better screen. Apple really wants you to think of the 13-inch MacBook Pro as the Air’s successor. Three updated models While none of the updates sound like particularly major changes from a hardware perspective, it’s encouraging to see that Apple is taking at least some of the criticism of its latest MacBook Pros to heart and updating the laptop line with Intel’s newest processors. It’s unclear whether other concerns like RAM flexibility and uneven USB-C performance in some models will be addressed. You’ll definitely still need dongles. The MacBook and MacBook Air are certainly due for an update, having been last refreshed in 2016 and 2015, respectively. WWDC 2017 is scheduled to take place from June 5th to June 9th. Next Up In Tech There’s a good reason Shazam started forgetting song titles in April LG will reportedly switch to OLED displays for next major smartphone Bragi’s new wireless earbuds are supposed to fix all the problems of the Dash Uber will start showing train and bus times near your drop-off point Elon Musk-backed OpenAI is teaching robots how to learn just like humans do VidCon’s Hank Green is now crowdfunding a PodCon Now Trending Bragi’s new wireless earbuds are supposed to fix all the problems of the Dash While also adding real-time language translation and a professional custom fit option The first 4K TVs running Amazon’s software and Alexa launch today for under $500 Simple software and a big screen for affordable prices. Just like Roku TVs. There’s a good reason Shazam started forgetting song titles in April Raising money for Alzheimer’s research is a good cause, but is making an app forgetful the right way to do it? Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 6. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest There’s a good reason Shazam started forgetting song titles in April by Rachel Becker 2 comments / new LG will reportedly switch to OLED displays for next major smartphone by Chris Welch 16 comments / new Bragi’s new wireless earbuds are supposed to fix all the problems of the Dash by Sean O'Kane 14 comments / new Uber will start showing train and bus times near your drop-off point by Jacob Kastrenakes 3 comments / new Elon Musk-backed OpenAI is teaching robots how to learn just like humans do by Nick Statt 1 comment / new Navigating the well-curated, deeply weird Sponsored Films online archive by Noel Murray Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store BREAKING: Dow Futures Fall 100 Points On Trump's Growing Political Woes News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists News Warren Buffett's Two Best Q1 Bets Include One He Didn't Make APARNA NARAYANAN 5/16/2017 Reprints While notable hedge fund firms such as David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital, Dan Loeb's Third Point and David Tepper's Appaloosa Management trimmed or exited their Apple (AAPL) stake in the first quarter, one famously skittish tech investor made a massive grab for the iPhone maker — and reaped impressive returns. Here are some of the best and worst calls in Q1 by high-profile investors and hedge funds, as disclosed by their latest 13F filings. Rank-and-file investors closely track this regulatory data to get a sense of where the "smart money" is being put to work in the stock market. Apple Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway (BRKB) loaded up on Apple in the first quarter, swelling its stake in the tech titan by more than 125% vs. the previous quarter to a total of 129.4 million shares. Shares of Apple have continued to sizzle in the second quarter of 2017, adding 8.8% through May 15 to take year-to-date gains to 35.5%. By comparison, the S&P 500 has gained roughly 2% so far in Q2 and 8% year to date, while the Dow Jones industrial average is up roughly 2% and 7% over the respective periods. And that's with Apple as the biggest weighting in both indexes. Buffett described Apple's resonance with customers as "amazing" in a recent CNBC interview. He also said Berkshire used its knowledge of the furniture business to evaluate Apple's worth and its edge over rivals. Apple shares edged down 0.15% to 155.47, their straight modest decline. Snap Another move that paid off for Buffett, who is known to prize more established companies with an "economic moat" or durable competitive advantage: avoiding the flash and dazzle of one hot IPO. Snapchat owner Snap (SNAP) was snubbed by Buffett but scooped up by Third Point, Appaloosa and George Soros' Soros Fund Management, to their cost. Snap stock has lost 8% in Q2 and sits 17% below its closing price of 24.48 on March 2, when it made its highly anticipated stock market debut. Still, the hedge funds snapping up the stock may view it as an investment with solid long-term potential. Snap rose 0.1% to 20.76 after big gains the prior two sessions from last Thursday's post-IPO lows. Facebook, Goldman Sachs In one of its biggest and best Q1 moves, Soros hiked its position in Facebook (FB) by more than 80% last quarter. The social networking leader has advanced 6% in the second quarter to date, building on a win streak that has seen the stock climb by more than 30% year to date. Soros Fund Management also upped its Goldman Sachs (GS) position by about 40% to 86,000 shares, with less luck. Goldman Sachs has slid a further 2% since the start of April, taking 2017's losses to nearly 6%. The S&P financial sector is flat so far in Q2 and up a mere 2.5% year to date, lagging the broad S&P 500. Soros' hedge fund may be buying the dip in financial stocks, anticipating a resumption in their five-year rally should improving economic conditions keep the Fed's tightening plans on pace. Facebook fell 0.3% to 149.78 as it consolidates tightly. Goldman rose 02.% to 225.60, still below its 50-day line. IBM And Fox In Q1, Berkshire offloaded shares of International Business Machines (IBM), the seventh largest Dow component, and 21st Century Fox (FOX), which has been hit hard by scandals, in a big way. Dumping those stocks has buoyed Berkshire's investment portfolio. Shares of both companies are well off their recent 52-week highs. So far in Q2, IBM has tumbled 12% and Fox 13%, extending their hobbled run year to date. IBM rose 1.4%, adding to Monday's gains after tumbling sharply. Fox slid 1.4% extending its sell-off. Airlines In Q1, Berkshire grew its American Airlines (AAL) and Southwest Airlines (LUV) stakes significantly, maintained a position in United Airlines (UAL) and pared back Delta Air Lines (DAL). Those have been smart moves overall. Airline stocks have soared since the end of March despite adverse publicity, with some firms reporting that traffic growth has outpaced capacity increases. American and United are more than 10% higher in Q2; Southwest and Delta are up nearly 8%. United rose 1.4%, still in buy range. Southwest climbed 0.4% and American 0.6%, just below entry points. Delta was flat. Steel Stocks Appaloosa's huge bet on an American industrial renaissance in Q1 hasn't paid off so far, but that could change. Most analysts remain bullish on the outlook for the industrials and materials sectors. Infrastructure spending under President Trump and China's One Road, One Belt project are two potential catalysts for companies in these sectors, including steel stocks. In Q2 so far, AK Steel (AKS) and Nucor (NUE) — Appaloosa's new buys from last quarter — are both in the red, down roughly 21% and 4% respectively. ArcelorMittal (MT), a position in the hedge fund that grew more than 400% in size, has given up 10% over the same period. AK Steel fell 0.5%, Nucor rose 0.3% on Tuesday. ArcelorMittal climbed 2.7%. Oil and Gas In Q1, Third Point opened stakes in Parsley Energy (PE), Halcon Resources (HK) and Enerplus (ERF). The hedge fund may be of the view that the energy sector is oversold and could be due for a bounce in the medium term. Sector earnings and oil prices are highly correlated — and West Texas crude prices averaged $52 a barrel in the first quarter, up more than 50% year over year, following an OPEC-led deal on output cuts. In the near term, however, oil prices and energy stocks have been under pressure. Halcon has given up nearly 12% in the second quarter, extending 2017 losses to 27%. Parsely and Enerplus haven't fared much better this quarter, down 0.8% and up 0.8% respectively. Parsley sank 1.3%, Halcon 3.7% and Enerplus 0.5% on Tuesday. RELATED: Buffett's Berkshire Stays Away From Snap, But Not These Funds Buffett, Soros Moves Keep Delta, American In Holding Pattern What Will Berkshire Filing Show As Loeb Cuts Facebook, Apple Stakes? Why Buffett Still Isn't Sure If He'd Buy Amazon, Alphabet Stock Now APARNA NARAYANAN | Facebook | @IBD_Anarayanan Share this: Related news Breakout Watch: Will This 2017 IPO Trade Like Alibaba Or Google? 5/16/2017 Three big buzz IPOs from Snap, Alibaba and Facebook all got off to a slow start, but premium apparel maker... 5/16/2017 Three big buzz IPOs from Snap, Alibaba and Facebook all... Dow's Apple Gets Price-Target Hike Before iPhone 8 Upgrade Cycle Siri, What's Coming To Apple iPhones? Google's Digital Assistant This Is The New Buy Point For Facebook: Is It Close Or Losing Steam? FANG Stocks News & Quotes: Facebook, Amazon, Netflix, Google Security Software Rally, Upgrade Boost Cisco Ahead Of Earnings Dow Jones Industrial Average And Dow Stocks: News And Analysis Apple (AAPL) Stock Quotes, Company News And Chart Analysis Airline Industry News And Stocks To Watch Today's Spotlight Spring Stock Guide MarketSmith Spring Stock Guide is here! This edition shares investing success stories from veteran users. IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Austin (6/3) or Boston (6/10) to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! Try Leaderboard IBD Leaderboard is outperforming the S&P 500 by 27%. Start a 2-week FREE trial. More News Internet Giant To Join China Parade; Cisco Near Entry: Investing Action Plan Qorvo broke out of a shallow consolidation Tuesday. (Wikipedia) Why This Recurring Pattern In The Stock Market Is A Bullish Sign All-New Pricing from TradeStation. Open an Account Today. Promoted Content By TradeStation Special Report Earnings Calendar, Analyst Estimates And Stocks To Watch Build your watch list and action plan with a look at stocks set to report. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Bingo Sun Gifts £9.50 Hols Superdays News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz News Living Money Motors Travel Tech Sun Bets Sun Bingo All Tech All Tech Science Phones & Gadgets Gaming SNAP HAPPY Learn how to take the ultimate iPhone photo with Apple’s official guide to smartphone photography Tech colossus shares the tips which will take your pictures to the next level By Jasper Hamill and Rod Chester, news.com.au 16th May 2017, 6:56 pm Updated: 16th May 2017, 7:00 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments APPLE’s iPhone is the most popular camera in the world and is believed to be responsible for more snaps than any other device. Now the tech giant has published a series of in-depth tips on how to use its gadgets to take the best possible images. Splash News 2 The iPhone 7 Plus, shown beneath the iPhone 6S, is famed for the quality of its camera The Flickr photography site, which has 122 million users, shows that more photos are taken on the iPhone than with any other camera, news.com.au reports. Sadly, for many people iPhone photography involves little more than pointing, snapping and hoping for the best. But you could all be doing a lot better. Reuters 2 Phil Schiller, senior vice president of worldwide marketing at Apple, discusses the camera on the iPhone 7 during an Apple media event in San Francisco Apple has launched a website with simple step-by-step guides on how to give yourself the best chance of getting a great shot in a range of situations, from trying to shoot a selfie holding the camera with one arm to action shots and using low light to your advantage. You can check out all the tips on the Apple site, but here is a quick guide to some of the best advice. If you need some more inspiration, check out these images taken using the iPhone 7’s incredible night photography feature.  MOST READ IN TECH AND SCIENCE FLASH OF GENIUS Nasa finally cracks mystery of the strange 'flashes' spotted bouncing off the Earth's surface PATCHING THINGS UP After the global WannaCry cyber attack here's how you can protect your PC from ransomware EYES IN THE SKY Formula 1 bosses fear ISIS will attack crowds with bomber drones - but have 'massive nets' to nab them 'WE'D LIKE TO HELP' Instagram issues warning about Blue Whale suicide game - but lets users see self harm pics anyway STELLAR SNAPS Amateur photographer painstakingly stitches together 110 images of the Milky Way to reveal awesome beauty of our galaxy GIZMOGEDDON? Could the Apple iPad Pro FINALLY make one of the most annoying bits of technology redundant? ROBOT ROMPS After the launch of the realistic Harmony sex robot... all you need to know about sex dolls QUAKE FEARS Turkish tourist hotspot 'overdue' for gigantic earthquake which could hit with just a few seconds warning TECH IT OUT! From free AirPods for every buyer to a 3D camera, these are the latest rumours and details for the iPhone 8 IS THE TRUTH OUT THERE? Gigantic 'alien megastructures' could be orbiting dozens of nearby stars, boffin says Are aliens real? These unsolved space mysteries could PROVE extraterrestrials are out there somewhere PERVERT-UAL REALITY Would you wear a virtual reality helmet during SEX? Porn firm says tech can spice up romps 'it's going to get worse' New 'strains' of WannaCry ransomware tearing across the globe, experts warn – and one comes WITHOUT a kill switch THE BIG DON Fears Italian supervolcano Campi Flegrei will blow after scientists spot magma swelling below Earth's crust ET PHONES HOME? Scientists receive cosmic radio signal from outer Space - but have no idea what it means PIRATES OF THE HIGH PCS Hackers say they will leak Pirates of the Caribbean 5 online unless Disney coughs up money 'I WILL never be in danger' Fashion vlogger Marina Joyce speaks out over claims she was kidnapped by ISIS END OF THE WORLD Mystery planet Nibiru will smash into the Earth in OCTOBER ending human life, claims conspiracy theorist FAMILIAR FACES Instagram adds Snapchat-style face filters including familiar bunny ears and text stickers Shoot during golden hour Arrive before sunset. Use the sun to front-light your subject. Tap the display to focus and slide to lower exposure. Shoot your photo. Turn off the flash. Lock focus by pressing and holding anywhere on the display. Tap the display and slide to find the right exposure. Shoot your photo. Shoot up to 10cm from your subject Get close, up to 10cm away from your subject. Tap the display to focus and slide to find the right exposure. Shoot your photo. Use the available light Find a light source. Turn off the flash. Tap the display on the subject and slide to set exposure. Shoot your photo. Shoot a panorama using slow and steady motion Begin with camera in landscape. Switch to Pano mode. Tap the shutter to start the Pano. Start from the bottom and pan slowly and steadily. Use the depth effect to mimic shallow depth of field Launch your camera and slide to switch to Portrait mode. Look for the “depth effect” cue to appear, usually when the subject is placed within 8 feet of your camera. Shoot your photo. Take 10 photos per second in burst mode Hold shutter button to use Burst mode to continuously capture 10 photos per second. Access your Photos album. Select your favourite shot from the Burst mode photo collection. Shoot a selfie with the timer Switch to front-facing camera and steady your iPhone. Set the timer by tapping the timer icon. Strike a pose and tap the shutter button to start the timer   How to shoot a one-handed selfie From the lock screen, swipe left to quickly open the camera. Switch to the front-facing camera. Press either volume button to shoot your photo How to edit a selfie Switch to front-facing camera and shoot your photo. Go to your Photos album, select the photo and tap the edit setting. Crop to create a better composition or tap the auto-enhance tool to edit. We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368 The Sun Topics Apple iPhones Photography Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Popular Revealed KIM NUKE FEARS Shocking new satellite photos show North Korea's nuclear missiles are MORE powerful than world feared and could soon hit the US News TOO BRAINy FOR JAIL Oxford student surgeon who stabbed Tinder boyfriend could avoid prison because it would hinder her career News VERY HOT YOGA Saucy TV host Jenny Scordamaglia strips completely NAKED to show off her yoga skills News Exclusive Taylor's Brit on the sly Taylor Swift has been secretly dating Brit actor Joe Alwyn, 26, for months... and he still lives with his parents TV & Showbiz SHE DOES HAVE A FUN SIDE ‘Unimpressed’ gymnast McKayla Maroney posts video dancing in a THONG News Juicy Lucy Topless Jemma Lucy and Chantelle Connelly grope each other's boobs and share a snog on holiday TV & Showbiz Exclusive YOU'RE RIGHT UP MY STREET Romance blooms on the cobbles for Corrie stars Daniel Brocklebank and Rob Mallard as they start dating TV & Showbiz Exclusive meg's mystery meet-up Schoolgirl, 16, had secret date with older man before she was found dead in 'staged' car crash, pals say News BIG MIST-SHAKE Amy Childs admits 'it was a mistake' to promote diet shakes while breastfeeding her newborn baby TV & Showbiz Spoiler AFFAIR OF THE TART Corrie's Aidan Connor's affair with Maria rumbled by Eva Price and Leanne Battersby TV & Showbiz bargain hunting Asda is holding a massive flash sale with huge discounts on homeware, toys and electrical items Money KATH'S A WINN-ER Idris Elba's co-star Katheryn Winnick wows in sexy shoot ahead of The Dark Tower release TV & Showbiz BIT OF A BOOB! Moment BBC reporter pushes woman away by the breast when she interrupts live interview - and gets a slap News Spoiler DISAPPEARING ACT Emmerdale's Rebecca White leaves the Dales for Ibiza and wants Robert Sugden ‘out of her baby’s life’ TV & Showbiz one FOOT IN THE PAST Horrific photos show the 1,000-year-old Chinese practice of foot binding that agonisingly mutilates the toes into a ‘lotus’ shape... and was carried out on girls as young as FOUR Living Just Published MYSTERY ARTEFACT Google Doodle celebrates 115th anniversary of the world's 'first computer' Tech GIZMOGEDDON? Could the Apple iPad Pro FINALLY make one of the most annoying bits of technology redundant? Tech SNAP HAPPY Learn how to take the ultimate iPhone photo with Apple's official guide to smartphone photography Tech STELLAR SNAPS Amateur photographer painstakingly stitches together 110 images of the Milky Way to reveal awesome beauty of our galaxy Tech QUAKE FEARS Turkish tourist hotspot 'overdue' for gigantic earthquake which could hit with just a few seconds warning Tech 'I'M LUCKY TO BE ALIVE' Apple iPhone owner says virtual assistant Siri saved his life after a house explosion Tech YOU CAN BANK ON IT Samsung Pay launches to take on Apple in the UK - and let you use your phone like a credit card Tech FAMILIAR FACES Instagram adds Snapchat-style face filters including familiar bunny ears and text stickers Tech Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Get ready for new Apple laptops next month Kif Leswing May 16, 2017, 2:05 PM 26,226 facebook linkedin twitter email print Getty Apple is preparing three new laptops expected to launch next month at Apple's annual Worldwide Developers Conference, Bloomberg reported on Tuesday. Apple could release a refreshed version of the 12-inch MacBook with a new Intel chip, according to the report. One of the complaints about Apple's MacBook laptop is that the current processor is optimized for battery life, not for performance. A new model using a different Intel chip could make the device more attractive to a wider swath of users, possibly at the expense of battery life. New versions of the MacBook Pro with faster Intel chips are also planned for launch. Apple may update its least expensive laptop, the MacBook Air, with a new processor as well. For the past few years, Apple's hasn't launched hardware at its annual developer conference, but it appears to be gearing up to do so this year — previous rumors have suggested a smart speaker or a new iPad Pro. Last fall, Apple launched MacBook Pros with a touchscreen integrated into the keyboard. Although the company says sales of the new laptops are robust, many professional users who wanted a new high-end laptop were disappointed. Read the story at Bloomberg » NOW WATCH: LinkedIn's gorgeous San Francisco offices are unlike anything we've ever seen Loading video... More: Apple MacBook facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Get ready for new Apple laptops next month Get ready for new Apple laptops next month Apple is preparing three new laptops expected... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 17, 2:46 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology No iPad Mini 5? Apple Will Phase Out The iPad Mini, Report Says By Denisse Moreno On 05/16/17 AT 2:29 PM Close If you prefer the iPad Mini, there’s some bad news: The iPad Mini could be discontinued, BGR reported Tuesday. A source close to Apple told BGR the company could phase out the 7.9-inch tablet. The source did not specify when exactly the iPad Mini would be discontinued. It’s also not clear if Apple will keep selling the iPad Mini 4 for a period without further updates or if it will take the tablet off shelves. Read: Apple iPad Pro 2 10.5-Inch Launching At WWDC In June, Leaked Screenshot Hints The news comes after Apple discontinued the iPad Mini 4 32GB model earlier this year when it rolled out the new 9.7-inch iPad. There’s not much talk about an upcoming iPad Mini 5, which means the 2015 iPad Mini 4 could be the last of its kind. The end of the iPad Mini line would follow the iPad Air, which previously was discontinued by Apple. Meanwhile, other rumors suggest Apple will rebrand the mini iPad as the iPad Pro Mini. Sales of the iPad Mini, which was introduced in 2012, could have been affected by the release of the iPhone 6 Plus, which launched two years later. The source told BGR there is “fierce cannibalism of our own products,” meaning bigger smartphones are killing the mini tablets. iPad Pro 2 Rumored Features Apple is expected to introduce the iPad Pro 2 at the upcoming Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) next month. The device is expected to come with an edge-to-edge display, the first tablet to have that feature. The iPad Pro 2 also could come with a Touch Bar, which was introduced last year on the MacBook Pro. Other rumors suggest the tablet could come with a new Apple Pencil, which was launched with the 12.9-inch iPad Pro. The iPad Pro 2 could come with an electromagnetic strip that would work as a charging point and dock for the accessory. The tablet is also rumored to come with a 12-megapixel camera with features including 4K video recording and Live Photos. iOS 11 Rumors iPads will also get a boost from the upcoming iOS 11 update, which is expected to roll out this fall alongside Apple’s new iPhone lineup. iOS 11 is expected to come with an advanced version of Siri. Apple could boost the voice assistant with contextual learning abilities and deep integration with iMessage and iCloud for its upcoming update, the Verifier reported in March. With the update, Siri would be able to give restaurant recommendations, make a reservation or book an Uber directly through the iMessage screen. Read: iPhone 8 Price, Rumors: Goldman Sachs Predicts New iPhone Will Cost $1K, Have 3D Sensing, No Home Button iOS 11 also will push Apple original video content through a revamped Music app, Bloomberg reported. Apple could release as many as 10 original shows and documentaries, including will.i.am’s Planet of the Apps and Carpool Karaoke, by the end of this year. Fans might get a preview of what iOS 11 will come with during WWDC. Join the Discussion Most Read Related Stories Apple’s Original Video Efforts To Be Led By Former HBO Programming Head? Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 Update For iPhones And iPads Newsletter Everything You Need To Know, Right Now Sign up for the newsletter. Subscribe Recommended Business Uber Wanted To Partner With Tesla, But Musk Said No Travis Kalanick, CEO of the ride-hailing company, called Tesla CEO Elon Musk to propose a self-driving partnership between the two companies, a new book says. Technology Google May Unveil A New High-End Virtual Reality Headset Google will reportedly announce a new virtual reality headset at its Google I/O developer's conference. World Heavy Rainstorms Changed Mars Surface The atmosphere on Mars evolved over time, and during that period of climate change, rain probably fell hard enough in storms that carved out the surface and eroded craters. National Trump Could Be Held Responsible For Obstruction Of Justice: Angus King Donald Trump reportedly told former FBI Director James Comey to end investigation into Michael Flynn’s Russia connections. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter Apple to Announce New MacBook, MacBook Pro, and Possibly MacBook Air at WWDC Tuesday May 16, 2017 11:26 am PDT by Juli Clover Apple is planning to announce refreshes for its notebook lineup at its upcoming Worldwide Developers Conference set to take place in June, reports Bloomberg. New versions of the MacBook and MacBook Pro are expected to be announced, and Apple is also considering updating the MacBook Air, its most affordable notebook. The MacBook Pro, which was just updated in October with a slimmer design and a Touch Bar, will be refreshed with a faster Kaby Lake processor, an update from the Skylake processors in the current machines. It will look the same as the current model, adopting only internal updates. Apple has been working on a custom-designed ARM chip that could handle low power features in the MacBook Pro, but the chip may not be ready for the June MacBook Pro refresh. Apple's MacBook, last updated in April of 2016, will gain an updated processor, also likely to be in the Kaby Lake family. Apple has not updated its MacBook Air since March of 2015 and has been phasing it out in favor of the MacBook and the MacBook Pro, both of which are now thinner than the "Air" model, but Bloomberg suggests Apple is thinking about refreshing it with an updated processor, which would mean the MacBook Air could stick around for at least another few years as a low-cost notebook option. Sales of the MacBook Air "remain surprisingly strong" due to its affordability. The new notebooks are likely to be announced at Apple's June 5 keynote, which is set to kick off at 10:00 a.m. Pacific Time. Rumors also suggest Apple could use the event to introduce both a new Siri speaker and the long-rumored 10.5-inch iPad Pro, which is said to feature slimmer bezels for a nearly edge-to-edge design. Today's report makes no mention of the iMac or Mac mini, two of Apple's desktop machines that have not been updated in some time. It has been more than 580 days since the iMac was last updated in October of 2015, and more than 940 days since the Mac mini was updated in October of 2014. Apple has said it has updated iMacs in the works, but it is not clear when the machines will debut. Related Roundups: MacBook Air, MacBook Pro, WWDC 2017, MacBook Tag: bloomberg.com Buyer's Guide: MacBook Air (Don't Buy), MacBook Pro (Neutral), MacBook (Don't Buy) [ 379 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) britboyj 13 hours ago at 11:27 am Please God bring back Magsafe. Rating: 127 Votes Floris 13 hours ago at 11:30 am We need workstations and servers, not a re-release of stuff you just put out a few months ago. Sigh. Discontinue those air and macbook things, just make one laptop in three sizes from student config to pro user. Nonsense to have 983402 different versions. No wonder the servers and workstations keep getting ignored. Rating: 46 Votes Dave245 13 hours ago at 11:32 am Are we suppose to believe that Apple will announce a Siri speaker, iPad Pro 10.5" AND an update to MacBooks at WWDC? an event that for the last 3 years they have used to show off software only! Rating: 35 Votes shiseiryu1 12 hours ago at 11:45 am Dear Apple, When you finally release the new iMac please don't plan to brag on how thin it is; we don't care...we'd rather have power than thinness with our desktops. Make it powerful and functional and brag on that. Rating: 32 Votes cube 13 hours ago at 11:30 am Macbook Real Pro Rating: 30 Votes Dozer_Zaibatsu 13 hours ago at 11:32 am Please God bring back Magsafe. Let's just pull the band-aid off now, gents. Mag safe isn't' coming back. Neither are USB-A ports. It hurts. But there it is. Rating: 29 Votes macsplusmacs 13 hours ago at 11:27 am I am stepping away from the "Just purchased a MacBook Pro" thread right about....now. Rating: 29 Votes Mathias Denichi 13 hours ago at 11:29 am The Macbook Air is dead. Its not coming back, there is no reason with the 12" Macbook and the 13" Macbook Pro both being smaller than it. Rating: 28 Votes Santabean2000 13 hours ago at 11:27 am No minis... makes me sad. Why Apple, why?! Rating: 24 Votes samcan 13 hours ago at 11:27 am I hope they require an excessive number of dongles /s Rating: 24 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Pro June 2017 Minor update to latest Kaby Lake processors expected at WWDC. MacBook June 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected at WWDC. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? MacBook Air June 2017? iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 iMac Late 2017? More Blog Stories DJI Launches Apple TV App for Streaming Drone Footage 4 hours ago on iOS Blog Drone maker DJI this week announced the launch of a new Apple TV app, which is designed to allow users to watch aerial content and 4K videos captured from around the world using DJI drones. ... 4 comments Tim Cook Charity Lunch Auction Earns Over $680,000 for RFK Center 11 hours ago on Mac Blog Tim Cook's fifth annual CharityBuzz auction ended this afternoon, earning more than $680,000 for the Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice and Human Rights. More than 30 people placed... 46 comments Singapore's First Apple Store Opens May 27 13 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple's first retail store in both Singapore and Southeast Asia will open Saturday, May 27 at 10:00 a.m. local time, according to an official opening date recently added to the white facade... 11 comments Apple Seeds First Beta of watchOS 3.2.3 to Developers 14 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today seeded the first beta of an upcoming watchOS 3.2.3 update to developers for testing purposes, one day after releasing watchOS 3.2.2, a minor bug fix update. Registered developers can... 5 comments Apple Seeds First Beta of tvOS 10.2.2 to Developers 14 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today seeded the first beta of an upcoming tvOS 10.2.2 update to developers for testing purposes, one day after releasing tvOS 10.2.1, a minor update that introduced unspecified bug fixes and... 3 comments Latest Beats Ad Features LeBron James, Kevin Durant, and Other NBA All-Stars 16 hours ago on iOS Blog Beats by Dre has released a new BE HEARD ad featuring NBA all-stars LeBron James, Kevin Durant, Draymond Green, and James Harden. The 30-second spot shows each player listening to the song... 14 comments Giphy iOS App Gains Ability to Turn GIFs Into Live Photos 17 hours ago on iOS Blog A new update to the popular GIF-finding service Giphy this week has introduced Apple's Live Photo support into the iOS app, letting users convert any GIF they want into a Live Photo (via... 4 comments Instagram Copies Snapchat Yet Again With Face Filters and Rewinded Video 17 hours ago on iOS Blog Instagram today introduced even more Snapchat-like features in the latest version of its app, including face filters, a customizable hashtag sticker, a "rewind" playback option for videos,... 18 comments • Apple Pay May Launch in Italy as Soon as Tomorrow (10) • Apple Releases iTunes 12.6.1 With Minor App and Performance Improvements (59) • Apple Releases Minor watchOS 3.2.2 Update (59) • Apple Releases tvOS 10.2.1 for Fourth-Generation Apple TV (24) • Lyft and Waymo Announce Partnership That Will Bring Autonomous Vehicle Program to Mainstream (8) • Audio Editing Software Sound Forge Pro Mac Gets First Update in 3 Years (13) • Google Rumored to Launch Standalone 'Google Assistant' App on iOS With Chat and Voice Controls (19)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Amonkhet' Expansion Comes to 'Magic The Gathering: Puzzle Quest' New 'The Emoji Movie' Trailer Shows 'Candy Crush' Scenes and Reveals the Plot Multiplayer-Focused 'Stickman Skate Battle' Now Available in the App Store Casual Strategy Game 'Heroes Above: Sky Clash' Is Now Available Worldwide 'Soccer Physics' Developer Otto-Ville Ojala Makes All His iOS Games Free Until Delisting on May 28th The Soft-Launched 'Farm On!' Has You Managing Your Farm in Portrait Mode YouTube Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? The Latest iPhone 8 Leaks: Vertical Camera, Stainless Steel, Touch ID Is This the iPhone 8? Hands-On with Apple's New Clips App! Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
TRENDING CES 2017 MicroCap Donald Trump MLB Clinton Pol Sports Business Simulations Navigate Zennie62 Personalities, Zennie Abraham Forward Looking Statements Disclaimer YT Comic Con Oscars ATL CHI CLV DAL DC DEN Fash GAMe KIV LA LV BH LON NFL Oakland Obama NYC MIA Phil SF LV SEA SD Tech Zennie62 TOS Cont Who Ad Rates LOG Live FLS Behind-The-Scenes Look Into Apple Park Shares Up Close Photos, Sketches, and History of New Campus – Mac Rumors Posted on May 16 2017 - 10:06am by Zennie Abraham Categorized as Business 30 Related Overnight Markets: S&P 500 and Dow Jones close flat – Citywire.co.uk Mac Rumors In a new article by Wired today, Apple has shared the first in-depth look inside its new Apple Park campus, providing glimpses into the “Ring” building’s original design, up-close images of the campus’ construction and interiors, and even personal … Apple’s New Campus: An Exclusive Look Inside the MothershipWIRED Apple invented a special container to keep the pizza at its new campus from getting soggyBusiness Insider The Most Interesting Part of Apple’s New $5 Billion Campus Is a Pizza BoxGizmodo New York Post –Newsweek –YouTube all 25 news articles …read more Source:: Business News By Google News The Zennie62 News Sites Atlanta - Chicago - Denver - Houston - Las Vegas - Los Angeles - New York - Oakland - Oakland News - Washington DC - Orlando - Richmond - Miami - London - Cleveland - RSS - Honolulu - San Diego - San Francisco - Facebook - Dallas - Zennie62 - NFL Football - YouTube - Twitter - RSS - Sims - SFGate - Examiner - College Football - SF Events San Francisco - Tom Teicholz - Microcap Stock News Blog - World News Media Network - Visit and follow Zennie62 at Twitter Share to Linkedin - your text link here. About the Author Zennie Abraham Zennie Abraham is the founder of Zennie62Media which consists of zennie62blog.com and a multimedia blog news aggregator and video network, and 78-blog network, with social media and content development services and consulting. Zennie is a pioneer video blogger, YouTube Partner, social media practitioner, game developer, and pundit. Note: news aggregator content does not reflect the personal views of Mr. Abraham. SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62 ON YOUTUBE here for latest Zennie62 on YouTube videos SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62BLOG.com NEWS FEED SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS from Zennie62Blog.com by Email Zennie62Media: Content Development, Social Media Marketing, Reputation Management click here for more info on our services Become a Zennie62 sponsor, visit the Sponsor Zennie62 page. HELP HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS, donate to Code Of Support . Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Join Our Email List Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Zennie62 on YouTube Zennie62 YouTube at CES 2017 Video downloader for my YT vids Follow Zennie62 Twitter Follow @zennie62 Click For The Vrypac Backpack Subscribe To Zennie62 YouTube Oscars 2016 Zennie62 YouTube Zennie62 On YouTube Proposed Right To Remove Law For Social Media A Good Idea Warriors 136 Spurs 100 - Will Golden State Sweep San Antonio? Livestream Oakland Raiders Las Vegas NFL Lease 1st Doc Done, 11 Not - 2020 Opening Iffy Comey Memo Says Trump Asked Him To End Flynn Investigation Boston Celtics Beat Washington Wizards 115-105, Play Cleveland Wednesday NBA Playoffs ECF Boston Celtics Beat Washington Wizards 115-105, Play Cleveland Wednesday NBA Playoffs ECF Atlanta Falcons Waive Garrett Scantling NFL News, Oakland Raiders Las Vegas Questions IEC Launches Crop Management Services: Vineyard Grapes, Medical Marijuana $IDVV International Endeavors Corp Mates Glamping, Wine, Cannabis $IDVV Las Vegas Stadium Authority Shares Parking Problem With NFL Oakland Raiders Warriors 113 Spurs 111 NBA Playoffs Historic WCF Game 1 - Livestream http://www.youtube.com/c/zennie62 AJ Sports At NFL Combine For Zennie62 Pin It Go to DASHBOARD > Appearance > Menus to set up the menu. Recent Comments labman57 on Miss District Of Columbia Says Health Care Is A Privilege – Miss USA 2017 – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Rod Harrell on Oakland Has Forgotten How To Do Economic Development Zennie Abraham on Mayor Schaaf Announces Plan To Take Oakland Raiders By Eminent Domain (LS) – Vlog Zennie Abraham on Did Oakland Raiders Owner Mark Davis Lie About Coliseum Lease, Las Vegas Decision, At NFL Meeting? – @2017 Zennie62Media | Back to top Open
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 9 Things to Know About the iPhone 5 iOS 10.3.2 Update Adam Mills05/16/2017 Apple’s iPhone 5 iOS 10.3.2 update is out of beta and available to download. It’s a small update but small updates can have an enormous impact on older devices like the iPhone 5. The iPhone 5 is getting old and that puts the spotlight on each update Apple releases for the former flagship. Even maintenance releases like iOS 10.3.2. iOS updates for older devices can have a dramatic impact on performance. Sometimes they have a positive effect. Sometimes, unfortunately, it’s negative. Apple’s latest iPhone 5 update, iOS 10.3.2, is a bug fix update but those of you already on iOS 10.3.2 or thinking about downloading should be extremely careful. If you’re making the move to iOS 10.3.2 from the iOS 10.3.1 update, you probably won’t need to clear out a ton of space. If you’re coming to iOS 10.3.2 from something older than iOS 10.3, you can expect your update to be massive (several hundred MB) thanks to the features and fixes from iOS 10.3 and any other iOS updates you missed along the way. This device-specific roundup will take you through our impressions of the iPhone 5 iOS 10.3.2 update’s performance and it will guide you through some of the key things to keep in mind as we push toward Apple’s next iOS 10 release. We’ll continue to update this roundup with new details as we get them so keep an eye out for frequent changes. iPhone 5 iOS 10.3.2 Update: First Impressions   1 / 9 We upgraded from iOS 10.3.1 to iOS 10.3.2 so our download and installation only took about seven minutes total. We didn't run into any issues with the installation.  If you are coming to iOS 10.3.2 from iOS 10.2.1 or something older, your download/installation is going to take a few minutes longer.  We recommend putting aside 15-20 minutes of quiet time so that you can monitor the process. You shouldn't anticipate any problems but there's always a chance for a hiccup.  We've been using the iPhone 5 iOS 10.3.2 update for a full day and so far, the device is handling iOS 10.3.2. We're using the update on an AT&T iPhone model.  The iPhone 5's battery continues to work miracles. We haven't noticed any abnormal battery drain during our brief time with iOS 10.3.2. If you do notice weird battery drain, take a look at our list of tips. Chances are, it's not iOS 10.3.2 causing your problems. We've tested the iPhone 5 and its iOS 10.3.2 update with several different ISPs, routers and Bluetooth devices. We haven't noticed any major issues. AT&T's LTE and 4G networks are also behaving.  Random reboots were an issue for us on iOS 10.2 but we haven't noticed with iOS 10.3.2 on board. That could change but iOS 10.3.1 and iOS 10.3 were stable as well.  The iPhone 5 feels fast with iOS 10.3.2 on board. Animations and transitions are fluid and we haven't experienced any lag when opening up Control Center.  We also haven't noticed any lag when opening up and closing folders, something we saw on iOS 10.2.1. The movement is crisp. We have seen some clunkiness when opening up applications but it's not as bad as it was on iOS 10.2.1 and older versions of iOS 10.  The iPhone 5 iOS 10.3.2 feels stable on our device but you'll definitely want to take a cautious approach, particularly if you're having a good experience on whatever version of iOS you're on.  If you need some additional feedback, see our list of reasons to and not to install the iOS 10.3.2 update on your iPhone.   1 / 9 14 Responses 12/19/2016 Facebook lite apk Reply i like ios 10.2 more than 10.1. power berry slow lost 02/24/2017 Kent Reply After installing 10.2.1 on my iPhone 5s I started getting random reboots. At least 10 per day. If plugged into the charger, the reboots seemed to go away. 02/27/2017 Jarvis Reply Hi guys, I am using iPhone 5s with ios 9.3.3. I am getting reminders to update to whitetail 10.2.1 I’m not sure though, if I should go for an update or not since Internet is poisoned about 30% battery bug in ios 10. I’m new to iPhone, have almost no past experience of ios. As of now I am pretty satisfied with ios 9.3.3 just sometimes it becomes difficult to click on( x) while trying to close search box with some other minor hiccups, don’t know if it’s a software issue or hardware on my device. I’m kinda liking the health app. Although it is not measuring the floors climbed while it’s counting the steps taken. I am told it will count the floors climbed after I updated to 10.2.1 which kind of sounds weird. Please suggest me the right course of action. By the way what’s Jailbreak? Hoping to hear from you soon. 03/03/2017 Natasha Reply Updated to 10.2.1 yesterday and my phone wont start at all and has been at the Apple logo + loading bar screen for over 24 hours. :( 04/17/2017 Justice B. Reply Try a hard reset, hold down the power and volume buttons until you see the apple logo (~10 seconds). Just a suggestion, I don’t know if you’ve tried it yet but it worked for me 03/21/2017 Simone Reply I’ve been using iOS 10.2.1 on my iPhone 5c and I’m having really abnormal battery life it’s chargimg really fast and then when I use it for about 10 minutes it’ll go down by 20% I’ve restated and rebooted my phone but my battery life is still really abnormal please fix this 04/01/2017 Rick Devereux Reply I’m wondering if the disappearance of my toolkit with calculaor, flashlight, etc that used appear on first opening with an UP Slide before entering passcode had anything to do with the 10.2.1 software? The only thing I get now when I Up Slide on opening is a Music tool that does absolutely nothing for me as I don’t keep music on this phone. I can’t get rid of it no matter what I try, and I don’t know where to find the calculator, flashlight etc. I feel like I Apple just took my Swiss Army knife. grrr. 04/12/2017 Amy Reply I, too, was devastated when my toolkit went away. I thought , for sure, Applem had just sucked all of the joy from my life. Then, I swiped left…. 04/12/2017 Amy Reply I, too, was devastated when my toolkit went away. I thought , f had just sucked all of the joy from my life. Then, I swiped left…. 04/04/2017 Tester CPU Reply Best update for iPhone 5c ever. Battery go from 5 hours to 6,5-7! Speed and reactions. Nice. 04/04/2017 Fendi Reply Cara donlowd bbm versi lama Dan perbaharui ios 7.1.2 ke ios 8.0 04/11/2017 ANNOYED Reply WARNING !!! do NOT update the latest software for iphone if you have an iphone 5. Update 10.3.1 will continually ask you for to enter your passcode whether you have ever had one or not. It will not restart without one. I contacted Apple eventually through their help web site and although helpful at first and promising to call me back if we got cut off while they spoke to higher authority for a solution. THEY DID NOT. They came back after the first referral saying they needed at least 30 mins or so for me to hold on. I did and got cut off. No follow up and now the help support site seems to have crashed and even blocked my job referral email link they sent me advising me to find an alternative solution!! The only solution offered was to reformat and clear my phone as it had to have a passcode to unlock it after the update. I have had my iphone 5 since they first came out and it has never been locked or had a passcode or a finger print (they kept repeating this question) used. Not sure what to do now so I will go into an APPLE store tomorrow and hopefully they can either have found a fix for this problem or restore my phone to 10.3 which was working fine! Obviously I do not want to loose all my data and more importantly my photos of my new granddaughter who visited the other week. I WILL NEVER DO ANOTHER UPDATE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! NOT HAPPY APPLE!!!!!!!!!! 04/20/2017 Kate Sukhanova Reply I have the same problem and the same attitude! I turned off the passcode several months ago but after an update a week ago my iphone 6 is requesting a passcode! I still remember the one and only passcode that was TURNED OFF some time ago and it doesn’t fit. The only way out for now is to restore the phone and to loose all data… That’s what two of my friends did in similar situation. I switched to my very old samsung for now still hoping that Apple will admit the issue and find the way out, but it is a very thin hope…. I even reported the bug on their site, but there is no answer, nothing. Apple has become a huge disappointment :((((( Do they care about their clients any longer? 04/18/2017 Rach Reply I just updated my iphone 5s (on 18th April 2017) and after about half an hour of working normally, the phone is completely dead. It will not charge. I think it’s stuffed! Built in obsolescence? Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
Vanity Fair hive Sign In/Up business technology politics the players hwd movies television awards reviews vanities celebrity fashion beauty royals NEWSLETTER Video VF Store Magazine Search Celebrity Fashion Beauty Royals Far From The Tree Apple Martin’s Birthday-Party Guests Included Beyoncé, Jay Z, and Blu… Email Facebook Twitter SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Far From The Tree Apple Martin’s Birthday-Party Guests Included Beyoncé, Jay Z, and Blue Ivy They all scream for (the Museum of) Ice Cream. by Josh DuboffMay 16, 2017 9:27 am Email Facebook Twitter Loading View on Instagram Apple Martin—daughter of Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin—is having the sort of birthday parties, at age 13, that most of us will never come close to matching over the course of our entire lifetimes. Over this past weekend, Paltrow shared an Instagram post featuring a portrait of Apple on her birthday—though you already know this, as you assuredly received no less than 25 separate text messages from various friends when it went up. “Happy 13th birthday, you gorgeous human. You light up every room, my heart, the word,” Paltrow wrote, signing off with a hashtag of the apple emoji, which is very “mom” and very Gwyneth. Loading View on Instagram We learned a bit about Apple’s birthday party from a subsequent Paltrow Instagram post, in which she shared that the family—yes, including dad Chris Martin—convened at the Museum of Ice Cream, which has become something of a Los Angeles hot spot (both Kim Kardashian West and Katy Perry have recently toured the spot). Page Six did provide a few additional details about the party on Monday night (though not nearly enough!), including that the entire room sang “Happy Birthday” to Apple. Thank you for that shocking reveal, Page Six. More intriguingly, the report notes that Jay Z, Beyoncé, and Blue Ivy Carter were guests at the event. Now knowing that, we understand why they felt it was important to let us know “Happy Birthday” was sung—how often are you serenaded on your birthday by the entire Knowles-Carter family!!? Where does one even go from there? This information also would seemingly imply that we still have a bit of time before Beyoncé gives birth to her twins—or, at the very least, that she was not in labor over the weekend. Perhaps, if Beyoncé really wants the twins to have the most chic public debut they can, she should wait a year, for Apple Martin’s 14th birthday party, to have them make their first appearance. Full ScreenPhotos: 1/15The Evolution of Maternity Style: From Lucille Ball to Beyoncé Lucille Ball at home (1953) Photo: From CBS Photo Archive/Getty Images. Grace Kelly at the Monaco Palace (1957) Photo: From AFP/Getty Images. Audrey Hepburn in Antibes, France (1960) Photo: From Keystone/Hulton Archive/Getty Images. Cher walking in Los Angeles (1977) Photo: From the Michael Ochs Archives/Getty Images. Blake Lively at the Cannes Film Festival (2016) Photo: By Mike Marsland/Getty Images. Natalie Portman at the Golden Globes (2017) Photo: From Getty Images. Beyoncé at the N.B.A. All-Star basketball game (2017) Photo: From Getty Images. PreviousNext Lucille Ball at home (1953) From CBS Photo Archive/Getty Images. Grace Kelly at the Monaco Palace (1957) From AFP/Getty Images. Audrey Hepburn in Antibes, France (1960) From Keystone/Hulton Archive/Getty Images. Cher walking in Los Angeles (1977) From the Michael Ochs Archives/Getty Images. Princess Diana visiting the Isles of Scilly (1982) From Kypros/Hulton Archive/Getty Images. Demi Moore talking to Melanie Griffith (1990) From the LIFE Picture Collection/Getty Images. Whitney Houston at the Bodyguard premiere (1992) From Getty Images. Madonna at an event in London (2000) From Getty Images. Kate Moss walking in London (2002) From Getty Images. Angelina Jolie at the Cannes Film Festival (2008) By Daniele Venturelli/Getty Images. Kate Middleton visiting Resort Studios in Cliftonville (2015) From Getty Images. Kim Kardashian West at a Gucci event (2015) From Getty Images. Blake Lively at the Cannes Film Festival (2016) By Mike Marsland/Getty Images. Natalie Portman at the Golden Globes (2017) From Getty Images. Beyoncé at the N.B.A. All-Star basketball game (2017) From Getty Images. Share Email Facebook Twitter Josh DuboffJosh Duboff is a VF.com senior writer, based in New York, who covers entertainment and culture. YOU MIGHT LIKE From Grace Kelly to Kristen Stewart: See How Cannes Fashion Has EvolvedVanity Fair Kate Middleton and Prince William Wore His-and-Her Blue Outfits to the Queen’s Garden PartyVanity Fair The Best Dressed Cannes Airport ArrivalsVanity Fair Elizabeth Taylor, Christie’s, and the Case of the Cursed NecklaceVanity Fair As Pippa Middleton’s Wedding Approaches, Kate Middleton Is a Worried MomVanity Fair Around the Web Powered by Zergnet RELATEDSEEK From Grace Kelly to Kristen Stewart: See How Cannes Fashion Has EvolvedBY JULIE MILLER SEEK NEWSLETTER SIGN UP subscribe Follow VF Vanity Fair Worldwide: United Kingdom Italy Mexico Spain France Visit our sister sites Condé Nast Store Reprint/Permissions VF Media Kit Promotions Contact VF Customer Service Advertising Inside The Issue Careers Digital Edition Sitemap Condé Nast © Condé Nast. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective January 2, 2014) and Privacy Policy (effective January 2, 2014). Your CA Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 Portfolio Perspective Iconic Tour College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Apple will unveil a new MacBook Pro and 12-inch MacBook next month, says report Todd Haselton | @robotodd 12 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Apple seeking a TV program boss    10 Hours Ago | 02:55 Apple will unveil new laptops during its annual developer conference, known as WWDC, next month, according to a report in Bloomberg. The company will refresh the MacBook Pro with new seventh-gen processors from Intel, the newest available, according to Bloomberg. Apple launched the device last November with older sixth-generation chips, which means folks who already own the newer model may be a bit dismayed by Apple's refresh. The company will also update the 12-inch MacBook, the thin-and-light notebook Apple has been selling for a couple of years now. That's also expected to get Intel's newest chips. Bloomberg said Apple has been considering updating the 13-inch MacBook Air but it isn't clear if the company plans to unveil it just yet. Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The MacBook Air hasn't been refreshed with a sharper display, one of the most requested upgrades, and appears to be slowly making its way to the grave. If Apple refreshes it, however, that means it plans to offer the laptop for the foreseeable future. If it doesn't, then the MacBook is likely to take its place. Apple's Mac lineup has seen a long-awaited refresh over the past year, with the MacBook Pro adding the new TouchBar feature. But while the company makes most of its money from the iPhone, Apple has also faced pressure to do more with its computer lineup. WWDC kicks off on June 5. -- Anita Balakrishnan contributed to this report Watch: Apple buys AI startup Lattice.io for $200 million show chapters Apple buys AI startup Lattice.io for $200M    Monday, 15 May 2017 | 11:22 AM ET | 01:24 Todd HaseltonTechnology Product Editor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Skip to content 512 Pixels About Projects Sponsor Book → RSS → The NYT’s Take on the Original iMac » May 16, 2017 ⌘ Permalink This article got sent to me by several people, and I can’t pass up linking to it. In it, Peter Lewis responds to the then-new Bondi Blue iMac G3: Apple was certainly “thinking different” when it created the iMac. The new personal computer, which goes on sale on Aug. 15, has already won popular acclaim for its creative design and its refreshing departure from the computer industry standard of boring beige boxes. By rushing the iMac to market, Apple succeeded in getting on the radar screens of buyers before the next school year starts. There is a pent-up demand among owners of older Macintoshes for an affordable upgrade, and Apple is expected to sell all the iMacs it can make in coming months. So far, so good… Sources who say they have seen prototypes of other Apple computers report that the company may be thinking of adding translucence to desktop machines later this year. Although some reports say the new desktop systems will be smoky black, others describe the color as a translucent midnight blue, the same color Apple used in its new translucent Studio Display monitor. Turns out, one of those was true. Then there was the software: The iMac also acts different from most computers. Like all current Macintoshes, it uses the Mac OS 8.1 operating system software, which is incompatible with more than 90 percent of all other computers. The Mac OS still sets the standard for ease of use and innovation, and it is arguably a superior choice for the consumer and education audience that Apple hopes to impress with the iMac. It’s easy to forget the iMac shipped with Mac OS 8. That operating system feels further back in time to me than the iMac’s hardware. (I wrote a whole book about this. You should read it.) The iMac has a modest hard disk drive (four gigabytes, half the capacity of many new computers), but it lacks a built-in floppy disk drive or other removable media, like disks, for backing up files. A few customers may be able to work effectively without some way to transport data physically, by backing up files to a network server or to the Internet, but most of the consumers Apple is trying to appeal to live in a world where floppy disks are important. Apple contends that the 1.44-megabyte, 3.5-inch disk drive is a thing of the past and that putting one in the iMac would have made it last year’s machine instead of next year’s. Instead, Apple left a hole called a Universal Serial Bus port that allows a customer to attach storage devices to the iMac. Lewis went on to quote a bunch of industry folks on the pros (but mostly cons) of this move. This passage is why this link is getting passed around. It is easy to look back and mock this response. Of course, we think, it lacked a floppy drive. They were going out of style fast! That turned out to be true, but wasn’t evident in 1998 to all. Apple was pushing the ball forward, breaking things as it went. That’s been the company’s modus operandi for years. I just have to look at the side of my new MacBook Pro to understand it today. I think includes a lesson for those of us who review and talk about technology professionally. We shouldn’t hold our opinions too tightly. The move to USB was a little crazy for 1998’s world, but it made possible our world today. At the time, it was seen as a mistake by some, but that’s not how things panned out. Post navigation ← Previous Post Next Post → The best way to advertise on 512 Pixels is via the RSS feed. Exclusive for one week, sponsored posts come with a whole pile of benefits.     Why is the site gray? May is National Brain Tumor Awareness Month. 512 Pixels is a blog written by Stephen Hackett about things that light up and make noise. Follow via RSS or Twitter. YouTube | Apple History Library | Archive | Contact copyright 2008-2017, Hackett Technical Media, LLC made with love in Memphis, Tennessee
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Audio Image Source: Jose Sanchez/AP/REX/Shutterstock You could wait 6 weeks for $159 AirPods, or get these $40 cord-free earbuds instead Maren Estrada May 16th, 2017 at 1:14 PM Share Tweet If you want cord-free, truly wireless earbuds made by Apple, you have two choices. You can either order them from Apple and wait six weeks for them to be delivered, or you can pay a premium on Amazon and get them right now. But if you want cord-free, truly wireless earbuds and they don’t necessarily have to be Apple branded, check out the FKANT Gemini True Wireless Earbuds. They’re well-reviewed on Amazon, they only cost $40, and they’ll ship to your door for free in two days with Amazon Prime. Why pay four times as much and wait six weeks for AirPods? Here are the highlights from the product page: [Truly Wireless Earphones]: Amazing TWS (True Wireless) technology allows two mini earbuds keep connected with no cable. No microphonic effect, and enjoy your stereo music freely while walking, running, workout, etc. [Dual Use Methods]: Pairing two mini earbuds in double, makes them into a pair of bluetooth headphones ; Or you could share one bluetooth earpiece with your love or friend, cause each of mini earbuds could used separately. [Advanced Technology]: Bluetooth V4.1 + EDR, faster paring speed and stable connection ; Noise canceling technology ; One-Button design, simple one press to pair / play / pause / answer or reject a phone call. [Remarkable Sound]: Ergonomic design with soft earbuds, FKANT wireless earpieces stay secure and comfortable. Integrated with dual 8mm drive units, crispy and clear stereo sound. [Long Battery Life]: 45mAh (L) + 50mAh (R) batteries combination, allows 3-4 hours music play time or 4-5 hours talk time, or 125 hours standby time after around 1 hour fully charging. Compatible with most of bluetooth-enabled devices, like iPhone Samsung HTC MOTO Huawei smartphones or iPad Tablets.Please feel free to REACH us if you have any question or dissatisfaction, our customer service will strive to help. True Wireless Earbuds, FKANT Gemini Completely Wireless V4.1 Dual Mini Bluetooth Headphones Twi… $39.99 Available from Amazon BGR may receive a commission Buy Now Follow @BGRDeals on Twitter to keep up with the latest and greatest deals we find around the web. BGR Deals content is independent of Editorial and Advertising, and BGR may receive a commission on purchases made through our posts. Tags: BGR Deals View Comments Trending 1 Tech This new iPhone 8 leak has left us perplexed 2 Tech New report confirms highly anticipated Galaxy Note 8 feature 3 Tech Brand new HTC U11 did to the Google Pixel what the Galaxy S8 couldn’t 4 Tech WannaCry: Everything you need to know about the global ransomware attack 5 Tech Brand new photo of a silver Model 3 surfaces online Picked For You Exclusive: Upcoming Apple Watch to include game-changing health features By Jonathan S. Geller 1 day ago New report confirms highly anticipated Galaxy Note 8 feature By Jacob Siegal 14 hours ago Watch Melissa McCarthy’s most hilarious Sean Spicer bit yet from SNL By Chris Smith 2 days ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile This might be the tech behind the iPhone 8 of your dreams Chris Smith @chris_writes May 16th, 2017 at 1:52 PM Share Tweet Apple stuck with the same iPhone design for three straight years, prompting some critics to say that the iPhone’s design is “boring,” and that Apple can’t innovate anymore. It turns out, however, that Apple has been planning a massive iPhone redesign for years, while waiting for the required technology to mature. The iPhone 8 due later this year might finally offer us the iPhone of our dreams, which Apple envisioned so many years ago. Don't Miss: How to protect yourself against WannaCry ransomware The iPhone 8 is widely expected to feature an all-screen design, and the physical home button is expected to disappear for good. The Touch ID sensor, meanwhile, should be placed under the screen, according to many reports and leaks. A pair of patents awarded to Apple on Tuesday, first seen by Patently Apple, describe critical innovations that would make this new iPhone 8 possible. Image Source: Apple via USPTO Patent 9,652,096 was filed on July 29th, 2014, while patent 9,652,066 was filed on January 27th, 2014. At the time, Apple was selling the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, its first ever smartphones with displays bigger than 4 inches. The first patent describes technology that would let Apple significantly reduce the bezels on a smartphone. Specifically, Apple explores the idea of bending a display or touch sensor to extend the screen and reduce the bezels. The second contains explanations of how to integrate a fingerprint sensor within the display. It describes “transparent conductive finger biometric sensing pixels” that would be incorporated within the display to read a user’s fingerprint. One of the immediate benefits of such technology would be allowing an app to authenticate the user while he or she is using the app, without interrupting operation at all. Both patents indicate that Apple has been working on all-screen iPhones at least as far back as the iPhone 6, but probably even earlier. It’s just that the technology that would let Apple design such a phone wasn’t there, or wasn’t easy to mass-produce. In fact, most rumors say that including fingerprint-sensing tech in the display is still very difficult this year, and might delay the iPhone 8’s release. This drawing from the ‘066 patent shows the complex layers of a touchscreen display that would contain fingerprint sensing pixels: Image Source: Apple via USPTO These are just two of Apple’s patents that describe innovations required for a full-screen iPhone, but Apple has other similar patents that explain how a device like this would work. Whatever solutions Apple ends up choosing, one thing is certain: The iPhone maker has been working on various pieces of this next major iPhone redesign for quite a while now. Tags: Apple, iPhone 8, Touch ID View Comments Trending 1 Tech This new iPhone 8 leak has left us perplexed 2 Tech New report confirms highly anticipated Galaxy Note 8 feature 3 Tech Brand new HTC U11 did to the Google Pixel what the Galaxy S8 couldn’t 4 Tech WannaCry: Everything you need to know about the global ransomware attack 5 Tech Brand new photo of a silver Model 3 surfaces online Picked For You Netflix denies testing price hike that would’ve been pure evil By Zach Epstein 2 days ago New rumor suggests the Galaxy Note 8 will be even better than the Galaxy S8 By Chris Smith 2 days ago Watch Melissa McCarthy’s most hilarious Sean Spicer bit yet from SNL By Chris Smith 2 days ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad Post to Cancel
  Markets Pre-Market Market Movers Dow Jones Live Currencies Live Commodities Live Rates Your Portfolio Stocks Stocks Finder Market Movers Index Constituents Dividends Indices Market Movers Index Constituents Dow Jones Live S&P 500 Live NASDAQ Live Commodities News Commodities Live Gold Oil Copper Currencies News Currencies Live Currency Converter EUR/USD GBP/USD Bitcoin US Dollar Index Mutual Funds News Mutual Funds Finder Mutual Funds Issuers ETFs News ETF Finder ETF Issuers Bonds News Bonds Finder Rates News SIGN IN BUSINESS INSIDER       PORTFOLIO SEARCH Markets Stocks Indices Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds News CANCEL S & P 500 -17.38 2,383.29     (-0.72%) Pre-market 03:08:17 AM EDT NASDAQ -32.68 5,691.76     (-0.57%) Pre-market 03:07:59 AM EDT DJIA -137.25 20,842.50     (-0.65%) Pre-market 03:08:35 AM EDT NIKKEI 225 -104.94 19,814.88     (-0.53%) 08:15:02 AM EDT 5/17/2017 UBS: A 'narrative shift' could send Apple stock soaring (AAPL) Raul Hernandez May. 16, 2017, 08:20 PM Getty Apple stock is up 35% year-to-date, but what is it really worth? That's the question UBS is trying to answer in a five-part series of reports. In part one, UBS analyst Steven Milunovich focused on the right price-to-earnings multiple for Apple, and asks whether Apple is a hardware company (lower multiple) or a consumer brand (higher multiple). "Is Apple a hardware company subject to rapid commoditization or a sticky consumer-brand capable of driving sustainable growth at a high margin?" the note asked. "With Buffett increasing his stake in Apple to 2.6%, some believe Apple should trade more in-line with a consumer products brand," UBS added. "Such a view de-risks Apple and implies a multiple closer to 20x, similar to leading consumer brands." That would lead to a huge shift in the share price. But, according to UBS, Apple is some way off from this kind of a valuation.  "Meaningful P/E expansion requires a narrative shift, which could take a while," Milunovich said. "Our take is that a P/E of 14-15x is reasonable until Apple proves it can be an annuity company longer term," the note said. "Further price upside is more likely to come from earnings upside than continued multiple expansion." It is possible that 2018 could be a strong year for Apple, given the expected release of the iPhone 8 with sales potentially driving earnings higher than expected. "We expect a bulge of F15 iPhone 6 owners to upgrade in F18, creating a strong year if not a 'supercycle,'" writes Milunovich. Markets Insider     SHARE THIS POST News for AppleMORE UBS: A 'narrative shift' could send Apple stock soaring (AAPL) Business Insider 7h BlackBerry working with automakers on anti-hack tool -analyst (AAPL) Reuters 10h Get ready for new Apple laptops next month (AAPL) Business Insider 11h BRIEF-TheStreet partners with Apple to launch new mobile app (TST, AAPL) Reuters 16h UPDATE 1-Buffett's Berkshire boosts American, Southwest airline bets; sheds Fox (BRK., LUV, DAL, UAL, AAPL, BK, SIRI, IBM, WBC) Reuters 1d BRIEF-Berkshire Hathaway raises share stake in Apple Inc (AAPL, BRK., WBC) Reuters 1d BRIEF-Soros Fund Management takes share stake in Apple, cuts share stake in Netflix (AAPL, NFLX) Reuters 1d BRIEF-Greenlight Capital quadruples stake in General Motors to 54.8 mln shares (GM, AAPL) Reuters 1d your MARKET VIEW Your Personalized Market Center Related Stocks AAPL 155.45 -0.20 (-0.13%) 5/16/2017 Disclaimer Get real-time AAPL charts here >> Find News GO Home / Stocks / Apple-Quote / News for Apple Apple / UBS: A 'narrative shift' could send Apple stock soaring (AAPL) Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. and finanzen.net GmbH (Imprint). All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer | Commerce Policy | Made in NYC | Stock quotes by finanzen.net Need help? Contact us! International Editions: UK | DE | AUS | ID | IN | MY | SG | PL | SE
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Apple to Unveil Three New Laptops Including Updated MacBook Pro at WWDC [Report] iPhone 8 Renders Based on 'Highly Detailed CAD File' [Images] Apple Launches 'Today at Apple' Programs at Its Retail Stores [Video] Beautiful iOS 11 Redesign With Dark Mode, Inspired by Apple Music App [Images] Apple Pay Launches in Italy Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 [Download] Tim Cook Charity Lunch Auction Raises $688,999 to Benefit RFK Center An Early Look Inside Apple Park Apple to Update Apple Watch With Glucose Monitoring, Smart Bands? Apple Posts New Beats By Dre Ad Featuring LeBron James, Kevin Durant, Draymond Green, James Harden [Video] Apple Seeds iOS 10.3.3 Beta 1 to Developers [Download] Apple to Phase Out the iPad Mini? Apple Releases macOS Sierra 10.12.5 [Download] App-Specific Passwords Will Be Required for Third-Party Access to iCloud Data Starting June 15 Instagram Launches Face Filters, Rewind, Hashtag Sticker, Eraser Brush [Video] Apple Posts New iPhone 7 Plus Ad: Barbers [Video] Nintendo is Bringing 'The Legend of Zelda' to iPhone [Report] Apple Likely to Unveil 10.5-inch iPad Pro, Siri Smart Speaker at WWDC [Report] Philips Announces New Philips Hue White Ambiance Fixtures, Table Lamps, Candle Bulb Apple Releases watchOS 3.2.2 [Download] Apple Seeds macOS Sierra 10.12.6 Beta 1 to Developers [Download] LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 13 hours ago by iClarified · 1137 views · Translate Apple has seeded macOS Sierra 10.12.6 beta 1 to developers for testing. The build number is 16G8c. The macOS Sierra 10.12.6 update improves the stability, compatibility, and security of your Mac. You can install this update using the MacOS Sierra Developer Beta Access Utility: • If you have already installed the new "MacOS Sierra Developer Beta Access Utility”, choose "Software Update" from the Apple menu. Otherwise, proceed with the following steps. • Log into your Apple Developer account and download the "MacOS Sierra Developer Beta Access Utility". • After running the installer, the Mac App Store will open automatically. Click the Updates panel and the latest version of macOS developer beta will be available for download. • When a newer seed build is available, you will receive a notification to update from the Mac App Store. Click the notification to begin the installation. New release notes will be posted in Downloads on the Apple Developer Program website. • To stop receiving new developer beta builds, go to the App Store in System Preferences and where it says "Your computer is set to receive beta software updates", click the "Change..." button. Then click the Do Not Show Beta Software Updates button in the dialog box. Download the MacOS Sierra Developer Beta Access Utility from the link below. Download Follow iClarified Comments Add Comment Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Twitter (TWTR) hits new 2017 highs on Biz Stone return >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > The Latest Reason to Buy Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Apple stock is turning to jobs as a catalyst for growth By Will Ashworth, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  May 16, 2017, 12:33 pm EDT Get AAPL alerts: Submit     View All   Popular Posts: Why BlackBerry Ltd (BBRY) Stock Can Reach $15 Sooner Than You Think The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Next Decade The 7 Best Retirement Stocks That No One Talks About Recent Posts: The Latest Reason to Buy Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock No, Dan Loeb Hasn’t Saved Snap Inc (SNAP) Stock Why BlackBerry Ltd (BBRY) Stock Can Reach $15 Sooner Than You Think View All Posts No, not Steve Jobs. Rather, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is establishing a $1 billion fund to create more U.S. advanced manufacturing jobs. What’s good for the country is also good for Apple stock. Source: Shutterstock Apple CEO Tim Cook made this surprise announcement May 3 while appearing on CNBC’s Mad Money. Cook told Jim Cramer that it was undertaking this initiative to give back to America. “By doing that, we can be the ripple in the pond,” Cook told Cramer. “Those manufacturing jobs create more jobs around them because you have a service industry that builds up around them.” It’s a very timely conversation considering Apple stock has just gone over $800 billion in market cap while Warren Buffett justifies the blitzkrieg-like cost-cutting undertaken by his Brazilian partners at 3G Capital. Good vs. Evil So who’s right? Should corporations have values or are they just legal entities that are in the business of making money for shareholders? Cook apparently feels it’s the former. “A lot of people ask me, ‘Do you think it’s a company’s job to create jobs?’ and my response is [that] a company should have values because a company is a collection of people,” Cook told Cramer. “And people should have values, so by extension, a company should. And one of the things you do is give back.” That’s a lesson my grandfather, himself a successful businessperson, taught me as a young child. Do what you can, whenever you can, and however, you can, to help people in need of your assistance. It’s stuck with me to this very day. So, if you own Apple stock, as Buffett ironically does, you should be delighted to hear Cook make these statements. In the past, people such as Donald Trump have criticized Cook for not doing enough to create jobs here in the U.S. Now, he’s putting Apple’s money where its mouth is. Regardless of Apple’s latest funding initiative, the company has an enormously positive effect on the U.S. economy. It recently launched a website to remind Americans about that contribution which includes 80,000 employees working directly for Apple in the U.S., 450,000 jobs at U.S.-based suppliers and 1.5 million spinoff jobs created because Apple is based in California. What has Kraft Heinz Co (NYSE:KHC) done on this score? It’s All About Productivity Well, according to its 10-K, KHC has 41,000 employees working at 87 manufacturing and processing plants around the world (44 outside U.S.), its co-headquarters in Pittsburgh and Chicago and various regional offices in the U.S. and elsewhere. So, let’s assume that 30% of its employees work outside the U.S. (non-U.S. revenue in 2016 was approximately 30% of its overall revenue), that means Kraft Heinz employs 28,700 people in the U.S., 64% fewer people than Apple. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/the-latest-reason-to-buy-apple-inc-aapl-stock/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Growth Picks for Retirement 4 Big Tech Stocks That Are Making a Charge The 3 Best Renewable Energy Stocks to Buy 3 Stocks Joining DIS in the Doghouse Don’t Go Soft on Microsoft Just Yet 5 Stock Picks That Buffett Has Blown ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 10 Best Growth Stocks for Retirement 4 Big Tech Stocks That Are Making a Charge 3 Media Stocks Joining Walt Disney Co (DIS) in the Doghouse The 3 Best Renewable Energy Stocks to Buy A Target Corporation (TGT) Stock Turnaround? Don’t Bet on It. Most Popular The 10 Best Stocks for a “Set It and Forget It” Summer Portfolio 7 Stocks That Will Get Crushed in the Next Crash Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) Stock Up 500% in 2 Years? Here’s How it Happened. Volatile Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Is a Gold Mine 7 Gold Stocks Under $7 That Could Glitter This Year 3 Retail Stocks to Buy Before Earnings Send Them to the Moon Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snap beat expectations in its first quarterly report? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News General Election World Report Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices Google has discovered hardware is, well, hard USA TODAY Jon Swartz, and Jessica Guynn 14 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Unexploded WWII bomb causes travel mayhem Leaked memos: Trump 'asked Comey to shut FBI investigation into Flynn' © Reviewed.com / Michael Desjardin MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. — When Google made a major foray into hardware last year with new smartphones, a voice-activated speaker,  a virtual-reality headset and a WiFi router, it was an audacious play to complement its software arsenal and extend its reach into the consumer market. The company best known for its search engine wasn't kidding around: It made hardware the centerpiece of its Google I/O developers conference here and later poached Amazon executive David Foster, who ran the lab responsible for Amazon's Kindle tablet and Echo smart speaker, to head hardware product development. Google CEO Sundar Pichai has referred to hardware as "our next big bet." A year later, Google has discovered that hardware can be, well, hard. As Google gets ready to lay out its vision at this year's I/O Wednesday, it's still making that hardware bet pay off. Pixel phones are in short supply and relatively few have sold. Virtual reality isn't yet ready for prime time, as evidenced by modest sales of Google's Daydream VR headsets. The Home speaker has sold well, but has been dwarfed by Amazon Echo. Foster, the prized recruit brought to kick-start the division, left in April after six months on the job. Hardware is hard because Google's success, in large part, is dependent on others. It's sourcing components, managing inventory and distribution, making supply-chain deals, crafting relationships with cellular carriers, and more. It's also investing plenty of money into marketing, making this a risky financial and operational gambit for Google. Albeit early in Google's grand hardware experiment, the company lags in key markets. Jan Dawson, who runs Jackdaw Research, estimates shipments of 600,000 to 700,000 Pixels in the fourth quarter last year, and probably half that amount in the first quarter of 2017. (Apple, by comparison, shipped 50.8 million iPhones in the first quarter.) Google Home, with 23.8% of the U.S. market for voice-enabled speakers this year, is far behind Amazon Echo's 70.6%, according to eMarketer. Even Daydream shipments — expected to soar from 120,000 last year to 2.23 million in 2017 — would amount to about half the size of market leader Samsung Gear VR's shipments this year, according to IHS Markit.   "Hardware is a tough business and can be quickly commoditized," says Tuong Nguyen, an analyst at market researcher Gartner. "But the end game is not to compete with Samsung and Apple on shipments. It is to show (Google) services through devices." Google does not specifically break out revenue figures for hardware, but Pichai hinted it contributed to a 43% increase in "other revenues" to $3 billion during Alphabet's quarterly financial report last month. The company, when asked to comment, says it's "thrilled" with the reception of its hardware.  "We’re committed to building hardware for the long term as a great way to bring a beautiful, seamless Google experience to people," Google said in an emailed statement. "The early signs are promising, and you can expect to see us expand our offerings thoughtfully." 'Made by Google' One of the most frequently cited quotes in technology is computer scientist Alan Kay’s advice that “people who are really serious about software should make their own hardware." Steve Jobs even referenced Kay when introducing the first iPhone, which tightly weaves Apple software and hardware to control the Apple user's experience end to end. Last year, Google tore that page from Apple's playbook, staking its claim as its own hardware brand with the introduction of the Google Home speaker, the Daydream virtual reality headset, a WiFi router and an updated Chromecast video streaming stick. In October, it unveiled the Google Pixel. This week when Google again gathers thousands of software developers in Mountain View, Calif., it's expected to continue its big push into the hardware business. Google's gambit, with the catchy phrase "Made by Google," creates its own portfolio of consumer devices in the mode of an Apple or Amazon, to ensure consumers always have access to its web services and, hence advertising. The goal is to create "a personal Google for each and every user," Pichai said last year. It's risky on several levels: besides the cost of manufacturing, marketing and customer service, it risks alienating its own Android partners, with which its Pixel phones and other deices now compete.  But even if the Home and Pixel don't fly out the shelves, Google may still count the 'Made by Google' play as a success — if the devices pressure its partners, such as Samsung and LG Electronics, to come out with their own groundbreaking hardware based on Android. And that's the ultimate goal, say analysts:  entice users to stay in the Google ecosystem, a network of services and devices linked by its Google Assistant artificial intelligence. "I  never believed that Google's position in hardware was designed to be a huge revenue maker," says Creative Strategies analyst Tim Bajarin said. "I don't ever see Google as a hardware company. I see them as a company that creates hardware to try to get their OEMs to push the envelope." It is a strategy fixated more on retaining Google's loyal users within its computing ecosystem than overtaking market leaders in various hardware categories, say analysts. "Pixel is more about showcasing Google services on one phone than it is about competing on a large scale with Samsung Galaxy S8 and iPhone," says Holger Mueller, principal analyst at Constellation Research. Some of these loyal users say this plan is working working. "I wanted one from the day it was announced," Clifton Thomas, a 38-year-old graphic designer from Clifton Forge, Va., says of the Google Pixel. Thomas said Google’s own devices were always attractive because they received operating system and security devices before other Android devices. But the Pixel was special because it was expressly built to show off Google's latest services and artificial intelligence, says Thomas, who uses the Chrome browser, Android Auto in his car, and Google Play Music as his streaming service. And the Pixel is his primary camera, too, which he uses to take pictures and video of his 9-month-old daughter. When Sonny Chatrath, director of sales of a travel management company and a Bollywood actor from Freehold, N.J., decided to give up his Gionee S7, a Chinese phone which he bought in India while shooting a film, he almost bought the new Samsung Galaxy S8+, lured by a buy-one-get-one-free promotion. But this self-described "Google guy" says he couldn't resist buying the Pixel instead. He says he wanted to have a phone no else does."I am a fan of everything Google, therefore the choice was not difficult," says Chatrath, who describes himself as a devout Android user. Follow USA TODAY's San Francisco Bureau Chief Jon Swartz @jswartz on Twitter.  Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY NASA camera captures mysterious light flashes USA TODAY This ASL interpreter steals the show at rap concerts USA TODAY Google Pixels: Here's what the flagship phone needs USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Is this Apple's Siri speaker? Firm patents mysterious cylindrical new gadget Patent illustrations show a cylinder device that could be a Siri-powered speaker Would include lamps, displays, microphones and a range of sensors However, Apple has yet to confirm or deny that it is making a smart speaker Other reports have suggested that the firm will unveil the device next month  By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 13:28 EDT, 16 May 2017 | Updated: 16:23 EDT, 16 May 2017 e-mail 6 shares 3 View comments Rumors regarding Apple’s Siri-enabled smart speaker have taken the internet by storm, as leakers have speculated the features that could be included in the design. Now, a new patent may give iOS fans the first look at the highly-anticipated device. The application has illustrated an ‘Electronic device with radially deployed components’ that could boast lamps, displays, speaker, microphones and a range of sensors. The patent's illustrations appear to look like a cylinder-shaped device, which is thicker than Amazon’s Echo, with action buttons on the side. Other reports have said that the tech giant will unveil the device next month at its Worldwide Developers Conference on June 5 News that Apple was designing a Siri-powered smart speaker first surfaced in September 2016, when anonymous sources told Bloomberg that the device had left the researcher and development lab and was being tested as a working prototype. Although it is not clear if the rumors are true, if it does hit the market ‘it would be Apple’s most significant piece of new hardware’ since debuting the Apple Watch in 2014, Mark Gurman with Bloomberg had reported. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Four-story glass doors, 'breathing' walls, patented pizza... Patents reveal Apple's plans for an edge-to-edge display and... Apple to unveil redesigned iPad next month alongside Beats... Google to take on Siri with its own iPhone AI assistant app Share this article Share However, it has been speculated that the tech giant will unveil the smart speaker at its Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) on June 5 and the closer the date comes, the more predictions have appeared. And the lasted evidence was found in a newly published patent entitled ‘Electronic device with radially deployed components’, which the firm filed in May 2015. The document describes an electronic device comprising of a ‘housing having a curved housing wall defining a housing wall opening’. APPLE'S SIRI-DRIVEN SMART SPEAKER Sonny Dickson, who is known for sharing inside information in the tech world, revealed that Apple is 'currently finalizing' its smart speaker that will be marketed as a 'Siri/AirPlay device'. Adding Airplay support to the device would let users push music, radio, and podcasts to the Apple hardware over Wi-Fi, which typically offers better quality than Bluetooth.  A new patent may give iOS fans the first look at Apple's Siri-enabled smart speaker. The application has illustrated an ‘Electronic device with radially deployed components’ that could boast lamps, displays, speaker, microphones and a range of sensors He also revealed details that it could 'carry some form of Beats technology and is expected to run on variant iOS'. Dickson also told Mashable that it would have a 'concave top' with the controls, 'Mac Pro style.' KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has also revealed that the device will have a 'touch panel', but it is not clear whether this means it will boast capacitive buttons or the design of Amazon's new Echo Show. And the illustrations appear to look like a cylinder-shaped device, which is thicker than Amazon’s Echo, with action buttons on the side. Apple has suggested placing mesh grills over the area of the built-in speakers and microphones, while glass or plastic covers would be sued to shield onboard displays, AppleInsider reported. The patent also stated that ‘a support structure such as a hollow tube may be mounted within the interior of a cavity region defined by the housing wall’. Although the patent still leaves room for mystery regarding the Siri-enabled speaker, Sony Dickson, a well-known tech leaker, shared his predictions earlier this month. Apple's Siri-enabled speaker is believed to be aimed at bringing Apple’s AI into the home, and will have a higher price tag than the Amazon Echo (pictured) Dickson tweeted that it will be marketed as a ‘Siri/Airplay device’ and will 'carry some form of Beats technology and is expected to run on variant iOS'.  Dickson also told Mashable that it would have a 'concave top' with the controls, 'Mac Pro style.' And it was KGI’s Ming-Chi Kuo who had predicted the release will take place at the WWDC. The product is believed to be aimed at bringing Apple’s AI into the home, and will have a higher price tag than the Amazon range, which begins at $49 for the Echo Dot. Kuo has also noted that the device will have a 'touch panel', but it is not clear whether this means it will boast capacitive buttons or the design of Amazon's new Echo Show.   Read more: Introducing Echo Show - Amazon Official Site Amazon Echo Dot - Add Alexa to any room Amazon Echo - Amazon Official Site - Alexa-Enabled Share or comment on this article e-mail 6 shares Most watched News videos The moment a bully picks the wrong fight and gets body slammed Meet Jack the cat with an insanely deep meow BBC reporter touches woman's breast to move her off camera Bizarre footage of tattooed King of Thailand wearing a CROP TOP Keith Bennett's family solicitor on never finding the body Boxer Chavez pictured with women in hotel room after fight 'I hope it's been hell for him' Ian Brady: 50 years behind bars A man accused of theft is shot by police live on television How satisfied do you feel after watching silicone being rolled? Ian Brady visits Moors to help police find bodies of victims Shocking footage of a nanny slapping a toddler Exclusive unseen footage of Keith Bennett's mother appealing to Brady Oxford University student who stabbed her Tinder lover in... Did he or didn't he? Murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich 'had... Ousted FBI chief James Comey claimed in write-up of... Japanese princess 'gives up her royal status to marry a... BBC presenter accidentally touches a Corbyn supporter's... 'Please God help me. I want to see my mummy': Harrowing... EXCLUSIVE: 'Myra was as ruthless as I was': Ian Brady's... Coast Guard locates debris where private plane carrying... Girl, six, suffers three-hour ordeal when she is... Barry White Socks! Can’t get enough of this cat with an... Corbyn's class war manifesto would take tax burden to... 'Another person to take me for a mug': Mysterious final... Hundreds of mourners pay their respects at funeral of... Mother-of-two substitute teacher, 29, had sex in her home... Trump ADMITS sharing intelligence with Russian officials... Thrones fit for (the sister of) a Queen! If you thought... Coroner blocks Ian Brady's last request: The sick killer... One in five child deaths in east London borough are... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 3 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read UFO hunters spot a strange 'flying disc' speed past the International Space Station on a Nasa live feed Mobile phones that charge in just five minutes could go on sale NEXT YEAR Watch the Earth 'breathe': Stunning animation shows Earth's vegetation changing over the course of a year Four-story glass doors, 'breathing' walls, patented pizza boxes and a two-story yoga room covered in... Satellites spot surging glacier in the Arctic moving at 13 metres a DAY for the first time since the 1930s BlackBerry working with Aston Martin and Range Rover to develop remote scanner for cars that can tell if... Apple to overhaul its laptop lineup: Sources reveal the firm will unveil THREE new Macbooks next month Netflix and stalk: Samsung adds location tracking app to its TVs Global warming has put New Zealand's Yellow-eyed penguins on the brink of extinction The ultimate eye in the sky? Researchers reveal mini facial recognition blimp The 11 year old 'cyber ninja' who stunned experts at a security conference by hacking their phones and... Apple set to kill off the iPad Mini: Sources reveal the firm will NOT update the diminutive device First true-colour images of Saturn taken during Cassini's final orbits reveal the planet's permanent... Patents reveal Apple's plans for an edge-to-edge display and embedded Touch ID sensor for the iPhone 8 Crew on board Henry VIII's Mary Rose 'to be identified using DNA' 500 years after the warship sank MORE HEADLINES Killer whales wage war on great white sharks: Gruesome aftermath of a brutal battle between the predators Popularity of virtual reality porn rises by 250% in just one year with 500,000 X-rated videos streamed every day UFO hunters spot a strange 'flying disc' speed past the International Space Station on a Nasa live feed Four-story glass doors, 'breathing' walls, patented pizza boxes and a two-story yoga room covered in distressed stone to look like Steve Jobs’ favorite hotel: The staggering decadence of Apple's lavish $5bn Spaceship HQ First true-colour images of Saturn taken during Cassini's final orbits reveal the planet's permanent 120-mile-wide hurricane in stunning detail Patents reveal Apple's plans for an edge-to-edge display and embedded Touch ID sensor for the iPhone 8 The 11 year old 'cyber ninja' who stunned experts at a security conference by hacking their phones and showing how to 'weaponise' a smart teddy bear Space time 'fluctuates wildly' claims new theory that could shed new light on how the universe is expanding Forget fidget spinners! Mini ROLLERS are set to be the new craze to help relieve stress Apple set to kill off the iPad Mini: Sources reveal the firm will NOT update the diminutive device Human sacrifices were buried ALIVE in South Korea 1,400 years ago to bring luck to structures built on their remains Apple to overhaul its laptop lineup: Sources reveal the firm will unveil THREE new Macbooks next month Look familiar? Mark Zuckerberg shows off Instagram's Snapchat-style face filters (and immediately gets called a nerd on his own site) It keeps getting hotter! Last month was the world's second warmest April EVER recorded, NASA reveals Satellites spot surging glacier in the Arctic moving at 13 metres a DAY for the first time since the 1930s MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Incredible shrinking man: Brad Pitt looks thinner than ever in oversized suit as he poses next to Netflix exec at War Machine premiere in NYC 'We were all Edward Norton the whole time': Brad Pitt and Stephen Colbert contemplate existential conundrums on the Late Show Some big questions Thrones fit for (the sister of) a Queen! If you thought bride-to-be Pippa's $130,000 glass marquee was over the top, wait until you see the luxury PORTALOOS at her $425,000 wedding Having a spliff-ing time! Khloe Kardashian 'WAS holding marijuana joint on Costa Rica episode of KUWTK' She is a supposed non-smoker  Japanese princess 'gives up her royal status to marry a 'beach tourism' worker': Emperor's granddaughter will lose her position 'No pool, no problem': Former beauty queen Katherine Webb shows off toned abs in navy bikini while bonding with 11-month-old son Tripp She's a former Miss Alabama  Royals turn out for Queen Elizabeth garden party - as Kate reveals she is 'slightly nervous' about how George and Charlotte will behave at her sister's wedding  She certainly has a type! Taylor Swift is 'secretly dating' unknown British actor Joe Alwyn... just months after split from Tom Hiddleston Meet Taylor Swift's new beau Joe Alwyn: The London-born rising star who has won over big-name directors with his 'disarming humility'... and still lives at home with his parents Amy Schumer and Ben Hanisch split after a year and a half of dating but will 'remain friends' The comedienne and furniture-maker have called time on their relationship  Miley Cyrus shows off toned tummy in black crop top and tight jeans while promoting her new album...after revealing Katy Perry is her oldest friend Kim Kardashian's personal assistant says Kris Jenner 'can get on the phone and change the world' as she dishes about what it's like working for reality clan Singer Mary Lambert reveals she was molested by her father as a child and gang-raped as a teen Revealed personal details about her childhood traumas Rob Gronkowski rekindles romance with Patriots cheerleader as pair head to a wedding where NFL star strips to the waist to celebrate his 28th birthday Not birthday present! Megan Fox is pretty in purple as she celebrates turning 31 with girlfriend... as Brian Austin Green runs errands in LA 'I'm happy when things are simple': Anne Hathaway reveals she is more 'satisfied' with life since welcoming son Jonathan She's loving motherhood 'This is the result of two babies and no strenuous exercise': Vegan blogger posts enviable bikini snap to show what a diet of 'abundant plant foods' can do for your body Always chic! Cindy Crawford hits fashion high note in sophisticated figure-hugging black dress at LA bash She is 51 Fergie is reunited with the American former lover she once spied on through a restaurant window after he married another woman and broke her heart 'I just like this better': Gwyneth Paltrow explains why she put acting career on hold to dedicate time to her lifestyle empire Goop She hosted a seminar Bumping along! Pregnant Whitney Port shows off her growing baby belly as she runs errands in LA...and complains about her swollen feet Robin Thicke vs. stepmom: Alan Thicke's sons go to war with late actor's wife as they claim she's threatening them with bad press to get more of his estate 'Sex addict' Scott Disick, 33, takes Bella Thorne, 19, to dinner then whisks her off to two hot spots... as Kourtney Kardashian gets closer to a model Love runs out! Team Gwen crashes out of The Voice finale as Jesse Larson's dramatic instant save keeps Team Adam's hopes alive Feeling chilly? Goldie Hawn has a pal help her bundle up in a bright pink hoodie... after Snatched scores a $17.5million opening weekend White hot! Shanina Shaik flaunts taut torso in flirty two-piece at friend's bridal shower She was at the event in West Hollywood on Tuesday Mark Ronson and wife Josephine de La Baume 'divorce after five and a half years together... citing irreconcilable differences as reason for their split' Need a training day? Denzel Washington is unrecognizable in what appears to be a fat suit on set of new movie The 62-year-old was in Santa Monica, California Hailee Steinfeld flashes flesh in semi-sheer cutout dress at Billboard's Women in Music event She was the epitome of sophistication  Pretty in pink! Kourtney Kardashian wears casual hoodie with sky high heels as she takes son Mason out in Beverly Hills She's a mom-of-three Star in stripes! Christina Milian cuts a stylish figure emerging from Nicole Williams' bridal shower Leaving Hyde Sunset Kitchen + Cocktails in West Hollywood  Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves arrives for consultation at Harley Street... after being refused risky operation to alter his eye color in India 'J-Lo would marry A-Rod if he asked': Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez are 'already talking marriage' after two months of dating 'Very serious' Peace and love! Jennifer Lopez rocks Good Vibes sweatshirt and ripped jeans during outing in New York The pop star, 47, stepped out solo In her party dress! Mandy Moore sports flirty animal print skirt and chic black blouse at star-studded bash The 33-year-old This Is Us star Shady lady! Halle Berry rocks a fedora and sunglasses as she heads to lunch with a mystery man in LA The 50-year-old tried to go low-key  Is she finally dating? Caitlyn Jenner heads out for coffee in Malibu with mystery blonde She looked like she was enjoying some company on Tuesday   Playmate who body-shamed a 70-year-old woman on Snapchat tells Twitter followers to be 'positive' or she will block them as her trial date is set for violating privacy laws Roseanne Barr reunites with TV husband John Goodman as reboot of classic show is announced Roseanne celebrated its revival in style Do you have a permit? Kanye West resurfaces in Malibu and parks in handicap spot... after spending weeks in Wyoming mountains At Nobu in Malibu Bachelor star Chris Soules avoids public court appearance AGAIN with a written not guilty plea for fatal crash which killed his neighbor In Aurora, Iowa 'A normal American dad': Michael Jackson plays father figure in new trailer for Searching For Neverland He was music royalty - but he didn't want to be Age-defying Pamela Anderson, 49, goes braless as she teases abs and famous cleavage in chic separates at Global Gift Gala in Paris Killer curves! Model Jessica Gomes shows off her enviable physique and EXTREME cleavage during swimwear photoshoot in Sydney A recipe for love! Anthony Bourdain, 60, flaunts his romance with Italian star Asia Argento, 41, as he posts snap of them cuddling on grassy knoll Belle of the ball! Lea Michele is a showstopper in gleaming strapless dress at ABC Upfronts in New York A cleavage-baring dress  Bethenny Frankel called the Real Housewives of Atlanta reunion 'disgusting' and 'gross' Not a fan of the Bible-quoting attorney Phaedra Parks 'Was there a kiss?' Andy Cohen helps single contestants find their match in new trailer for upcoming dating show reboot Love Connection Looking for love 'I ate and drank to cope with being single': Aspiring bodybuilder who has never had a girlfriend undergoes $7,000 tummy tuck to boost his confidence after losing weight Gigi Hadid's stalker grins in court two years after his repeated attempts to break into supermodel's NYC pad forced her to sell the $2.5M property 'Don't believe everything you read': Mayim Bialik dismisses rumor Big Bang Theory costars took '$100k an episode paycuts' for her and Melissa Rauch Amicable exes! Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana sent singer 100 flowers for her 51st birthday They have a child together Casual cool! Margot Robbie gives a peek at her toned tum in white crop top and patchwork denim as she hits market in Hawaii Celebration hasn't stopped Jessica Simpson's father Joe is 'free of prostate cancer' six months after diagnosis was confirmed He begun radiation treatment in February Biker chic! E! host Ksenija Lukich flashes legs in monochrome showstopper at Australian Fashion Week event A leggy display Pretty in peach! Demi Lovato hits the runway in trenchcoat with matching silk midi skirt at LAX She was dressed to impress  Kerry Washington sizzles in bold red and hot pink mini dress...as it's revealed why Shonda Rhimes decided it was time to end Scandal 'These are actually Cheryl's trousers!': Liam Payne confesses the $1,900 designer gear he is wearing belong to his 'fashionista' girlfriend They've just had a baby Oops they did it again! Britney Spears' sons terrorize singer with another on-camera prank  Jayden, 10 and Sean, 11, scared mom in kitchen Making the cut! Vanessa Hudgens shows off tum in striped crop top while leaving hair salon after chopping her dark locks She donned shades His clothes are too big now! Newly slender Brad Pitt swims in his Benjamin Button grandpa gear as he hits The Late Show Looking trim Lucky girl! Gina Rodriguez is gorgeous in green as she arrives for talk show appearance... before cuddling up to fellow guest Brad Pitt In NYC Deadliest Catch star skips court to go on the run a month after being arrested in a 'stolen car with Xanax and crystal meth' Was due in court Friday Heating things up! Hollywood heartthrob Zac Efron arrives in Sydney with co-star Alexandra Daddario ahead of Baywatch film premiere Salma Hayek shows off quirky style in structured leather jacket and green plaid skirt as she arrives at P. Diddy film screening in London Their hips don't lie! Shakira and Becky G flash the flesh at Univision's 2017 Upfront in NYC Some very sexy outfits on show She's got a lot to smile about! Reese Witherspoon looks summer ready in jeans and a floral top from her clothing line Draper James Pippa is set to wear her hair up for the big day - with the help of Kate's personal hairdresser  The Duchess of Cambridge's stylist, Amanda Cook Tucker Eva Longoria oozes golden glamor in dazzling flapper-style frock as she leads superstar red carpet arrivals at her Parisian Global Gift Gala Explained: How NFL star Antonio Cromartie is having ANOTHER baby despite getting a vasectomy - making him a father of 13 He's had the snip Beauty in blue! Youthful Naomi Watts, 48, shows off her slender figure in silk dress as she heads to New York gala Posing up on the red carpet Dancing With The Stars pro Anna Trebunskaya, 36, reveals she is expecting a baby boy with boyfriend Nevin Millan Happy news for couple Supermodel Winnie Harlow oozes elegance in silk robe layered over a tiny bralet for P Diddy film screening She looked effortlessly elegant  Roseanne reboot featuring Barr, John Goodman and Sara Gilbert officially greenlit for eight episodes at ABC The hit TV series was on air from 1988 until 1997 Miss USA Pageant flops with viewers for a second year under Fox's management after NBC ditched broadcast rights in 2015 when it was run by Trump Cold-shoulder chic! Jenna Dewan dazzles in cut-out top and midi skirt for New York outing The actress is currently doing promotional rounds Katy Perry CONFIRMS she will become a judge on American Idol reboot adding she's 'honored' to be a part of the iconic show It's official! EXCLUSIVE: Blame it on Michelle Pfeiffer! It wasn't Sarah Jessica Parker or Kim Cattrall who put kibosh on Sex and the City 3 - it was the elusive Pfeiffer Rita Ora commands attention in striking black evening dress ahead of ABC presentation... as she is unveiled as host of new talent show Boy Band Michael Moore is making an 'explosive' new Trump documentary titled Fahrenheit 11/9 in his first partnership with Harvey Weinstein since 2004 What a difference a wig makes! Penelope Cruz gets into character as Donatella Versace with help of long hairpiece on American Crime Story set Recovered from the weekend? Anna Friel, 40, looks spring-chic in flowing floral dress... after getting close with Stranger Things star Charlie Heaton, 23, at the TV BAFTAs   Beauty trends gone viral! This week, POM POMS are replacing eyeshadow, confetti hair is bringing the party to the salon, and contouring gets colorful So much for basic black and white! Ariel Winter steps out in a tight structured bodice as she heads to a daytime meeting Dresses to get noticed Series creator Shonda Rhimes confirms Scandal will end after seven seasons but promises they will 'leave nothing on the table' The ABC drama 'You have a distorted view of yourself': Lily Collins explains how her role as an anorexia sufferer enabled her to see how she looked to others after struggling with the disorder 'Her birth was a breeze!' Bristol Palin posts photos of her baby girl Atlee Bay while sharing details about family life - including surprise move to Texas Ricky Martin takes a break from American Crime Story set as he shows off banging body in tiny swim shorts The 45-year-old actor relaxed in South Beach  Here comes the bridesmaid! As Margot Robbie takes on Maid of Honor duties, FEMAIL rounds up 20 stylish and affordable bridal party dresses for every type of wedding 'Everybody knows you make the best actors': Jeff Goldblum praises stars Down Under as actor says Australia produces the greatest talent Olympic gymnast Simone Biles puts her sassy 'Smiling doesn't win gold medals' retort from Dancing With The Stars on a tank top - but still gets voted off  show Uncle Gary is ready for the wedding of the year: Black sheep who was caught boasting about drugs poses in a picture of his smart new suit online ahead of Pippa's wedding Regrets! Kim Kardashian swears off pizza and ice cream after epic chow down with Jonathan Cheban in NYC as she's back to working out in LA Only the best! Kylie Jenner, 19, rents stunning clifftop mansion in Beverly Hills for $125k a month Splurging big on palatial pad with five bedrooms 'South Africa is incredible!' VIP Justin Bieber SKIPS line at Table Mountain's Cableway in Cape Town Took advantage of fame and hopped barrier Feisty Emma Stone serves up plenty of feminist spirit as tennis hero Billie Jean King in new trailer for Battle Of The Sexes with Steve Carell Bye bye bling: The Bachelor's Lauren Bushnell 'will need to RETURN her 95k engagement ring to ABC' following split from Ben Higgins Bill Cosby says he will NOT testify at his sexual assault trial next month, saying he's worried he might mess up his own defense while being questioned PICTURED: Stranger Things star Charlie Heaton, 23, gets cozy with actress Anna Friel, 40, at TV awards in London Set tongues wagging Playboy model Dani Mathers' last-minute attempt to avoid trial for flouting privacy laws by body shaming a naked 70-year-old woman in an LA gym is denied  Leisurely Lara! Bingle cuts a casual figure and dotes on precious six-month-old son Racer as she dines at the luxurious Hotel du Cap-Eden Roc Sam Worthington's wife 'The men were getting paid more': Kirsten Dunst reflects on Spider-Man salary and reveals was asked to lose weight for her latest movie role The jury's out! Jessica Chastain complements her trademark flame-red tresses with chic crimson gown as she joins fellow Cannes judges for lunch  'Bad human kill apes': Gun-toting Woody Harrelson attacks apes as epic violence erupts in War For The Planet Of The Apes final trailer All hell breaks loose  'She's just as bad as he is': Courtney Love gets murdered by her sons in first Menendez: Blood Brothers trailer Teaser revealed moment Kitty was fatally shot  That's not A$AP! Kendall Jenner leaves cozy Italian restaurant with mystery man after partying with rapper Rocky at West Hollywood club The Bachelor announces a spinoff where singles compete for love in the SNOW... while Dancing With The Stars will have a junior edition He's not called Harry STYLES for nothing! FEMAIIL breaks down summer fashion trends and tricks inspired by the solo-going One Direction star She sure looks happy to be with the guy! Drew Barrymore beams in NYC with ex-husband Will Kopelman... after honoring him on Mother's Day And so it begins! Emily Ratajkowski flashes her abs in tiny black crop top as she leads the A-list arrivals in Nice ahead of the 70th Cannes Film Festival 'I've actually kissed many of these people!' Katy Perry reveals who she would rather in a Hollywood matchmaker game on Ellen Her big confession   Naomi Campbell looks chic in semi-sheer lace top and black trouser suit as she supports friend P. Diddy at star-studded London screening of his documentary film Elle Fanning dazzles in sparkly statement shades as she goes makeup-free for her arrival in Nice ahead of the Cannes Film Festival Confident in own style  Workout hard with a vengeance! Scout Willis is trim toned and terrific as she heads to a pilates class in West Hollywood with a stomach-flaunting look  'I need to study': Australian actress Jessica McNamee is trading up Hollywood for university as she returns home as a student The Vow actress 'We love you!': Teresa Giudice offers a prayer for RHONJ co-star Dina Manzo after she's beaten and bound during home invasion robbery Terrifying incident for star Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves shares a kiss with female companion during night out... after doctor rejects his bid to alter eye color in India Her royal shyness! Crown Princess Mary of Denmark reduces a nervous toddler to tears as she attends the opening of a food center in Aarhus 'Enjoy the book, you're the one writing it': Jon Bon Jovi surprises New Jersey college graduates with live performance at their commencement  Plagiarizing Elle Woods? Trump's commencement address casts striking similarities to Reese Witherspoon's Legally Blonde character Don't stop 'til you get enough (coffee): Paris Jackson cuts a casual figure with a friend in LA after stunning on Teen Vogue cover Michael's girl in demand She wears heels everywhere! Hilaria Baldwin poses on a slide with four-inch pumps as she pays visit to NYC park with husband Alec and their three kids Something to tell us? Liam Payne calls Cheryl his WIFE during radio interview... as he speaks about dealing with 'diaper duty' following birth of baby son Bear Aaron Hernandez's fiancée denies he's gay, says his 'prison lover' lied about suicide note and explains why she thinks his last letter to daughter may be forged Is THIS Pippa Middleton's wedding dress? Women arrive at bride-to-be's home carrying white garment bags - and Kate's hairstylist is there too 'She's the ultimate pop star': Miley Cyrus gushes about little sister Noah as she cuts stylish figure in midi dress and fedora Flashed flesh in sexy top Poppy Delevingne sports a trendy varsity jacket as she and husband James Cook celebrate their wedding anniversary at P. Diddy film screening 'Chugging bubbles on a private jet!': The Detour's Natalie Zea kicks up a leg as she sips champagne while heading to New York City for TBS event Taking a break from mom duties! Irina Shayk pats her stomach two months after welcoming baby with Bradley Cooper as she's seen solo in NYC 'Don't give up. Don't quit. Persist!' Chelsea Clinton echoes mom Hillary's words as she encourages young women to play SPORTS and have active lifestyle Lorde dons Dior and Daisy Dukes in ELLE... and reveals pals in her native New Zealand call her a 'weird old dowager with a nice house' Keeping it humble  Curvy Amber Rose causes a commotion in a LBD in Miami... but then opts for a relaxed look to jet back to LA Model's mood reflected by hoodie message 'Your passing has left me destroyed forever, but I know you are at peace': Rosario Dawson 'finds her 26-year-old cousin dead in her Los Angeles home' Jimmy Kimmel will return as host of 90th Academy Awards for second consecutive year... as comedian is lauded as 'one of finest hosts in Oscar history' Riverdale's Lili Reinhart claps back at critics for villainizing her after she tweeted about how the show 'saved' her during her depression Tyga's former fling Demi Rose flaunts her ample cleavage in an array of raunchy skin-flashing snaps Model sizzled as she posed topless  'They need to do a whole reboot!' Paula Abdul rules out returning to American Idol The 54-year-old said while she was 'excited' to see the new version  Ivanka Trump barely cracks a smile as she steps out in floral frock amid controversy surrounding her dad sharing intelligence with Russia  Cigs And The City: Bella Hadid smokes cigarettes as she flashes a rare smile while dining at Eden Roc in France Attending Cannes  'It was beautiful': Newly engaged Emily VanCamp reveals fiance Josh Bowman proposed to her in the forest during a hike Actress opened up 'You've got to earn this': Michael Phelps is put through his paces by Dwayne Johnson as he tries out for job as Baywatch lifeguard in funny promo Melania Trump reveals that son Barron, 11, will attend $38,000 private school in Maryland as she praises its 'diverse community' and 'academic excellence' On his best behavior! Queen Mathilde gives son Prince Emmanuel a stern look as he accompanies her to a cello competition in Belgium 'I'm in shock': Simone Biles earns two sets of perfect scores but still gets eliminated during semi-finals of DWTS Judges Len and Carrie were stunned by result Tiffany Trump cheers on boyfriend Ross Mechanic as he graduates from University of Pennsylvania She graduated last year 'I was born with a platform, and I didn't want to waste it': Paris Jackson reveals why she's building a career in the public eye On cover of Teen Vogue  Having her for dinner! Yolanda Hadid's ex David Foster, 67, seen 'grabbing and kissing' Katharine McPhee, 33, while eating out at  restaurant in Malibu Hayden Panettiere's childhood home in Upstate New York goes on the market for $1.75M after parents' bitter divorce battle finally comes to an end 'Fashion should never make you feel bad!': Reese Witherspoon says 'rude, snotty' salespeople alienate shoppers... but her stores are 'fun' Brooklyn Beckham displays his typically grungy style in a beanie and gold chain as he larks around with crew members outside a photo shoot in London Jet setter! Eva Longoria dresses down for her flight to Paris to host Global Gift Gala First anniversary with third husband José Bastón this Sunday Jude Law's limited series The Young Pope gets spinoff as HBO greenlights The New Pope The show will be set in the modern Vatican USA women's soccer  legend Abby Wambach marries Christian mommy blogger....nine months after getting divorced from her husband Miss USA says she is 'PRIVILEGED' to have healthcare but it should be a right as she backtracks after firestorm over her pageant comments From chilling on the lawn with Jackie to having lessons on public speaking: Private photos show a 29-year-old John F Kennedy's first foray into politics Ferry dramatic! Tom Cruise takes to the River Seine to shoot stunt sequence as he continues Mission Impossible 6 filming in Paris Who needs Orlando Bloom when you have Paris? Katy Perry parties at Ms Hilton's mansion with Bella Thorne, Sofia Richie and Iggy Azalea She Cannes do no wrong! Bella Hadid dazzles in a silver jacket and chic patchwork jeans as she makes a stylish arrival at Film Festival in France  'I can't depend on Hollywood for jobs': Kim Cattrall, 60, hits out at ageism in film industry as she laments being cast as a 'grotesque, older woman' Saving the glamour for Cannes! Makeup-free Marion Cotillard does low-key chic in plaid shirt dress as she touches down in Nice for film festival Sir Richard Attenborough's Scottish vacation home where he entertained Hollywood stars is back on market for less than $800,000 after it failed to sell Miss Universe model Laura Dundovic reveals the secret to her washboard abs is lifting weights as she opens up about getting into the 'best shape of her life' Hear her Roar! Katy Perry showcases her vocal abilities as she's spotted by a fan filming Carpool Karaoke alongside James Corden Slimmed down Blac Chyna flaunts her tiny waist and bodacious derriere in tiny pink skirt and matching cropped bomber for night out On her finest form  Ravishing redheads Jessica Chastain, Julianne Moore and Susan Sarandon flaunt their style as they jet into Nice for Cannes Film Festival From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Space time 'fluctuates wildly' claims new theory that could shed new light on how the universe is expanding 42 comments Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Four-story glass doors, 'breathing' walls, patented pizza boxes and a two-story yoga room covered in distressed stone to look like Steve Jobs’ favorite hotel: The staggering decadence of Apple's lavish $5bn Spaceship HQ Building was the brain-child of Steve Jobs, who came up with the design months before his death in 2011 It features the world's largest piece of curved glass and will be surrounded by thousands of trees Apple has taken inspiration from its sleek phone designs, but this has created some construction challenges  Apple hopes that the $5 billion (£4 billion) 2.8 million-square-foot campus will be finished by spring this year  By Cheyenne Macdonald For Dailymail.com and Reuters Published: 12:23 EDT, 16 May 2017 | Updated: 13:38 EDT, 16 May 2017 e-mail 41 shares 12 View comments Not long before his death, Apple co-founder Steve Jobs envisioned 'building the best office building in the world.' And, with elaborate glass canopies, a two-story yoga room, a 4,000 person café with four-story glass doors, and even patented pizza boxes to prevent food from getting soggy, Apple's highly-anticipated 'mothership' headquarters could soon bring the dream to life - and show the firm's obsession with detail doesn't stop at its products. The project is estimated to cost a staggering $5 billion (£4 billion), and it isn't hard to see why; stunning new images reveal the unimaginable attention to detail at work in the nearly completed 'Apple Park' campus, giving rise to everything from specially crafted door handles to a 'building that breathes.' Scroll down for video  With elaborate glass canopies (pictured left), a two-story yoga room, a 4,000 person café with four-story glass doors, and even patented pizza boxes to prevent food from getting soggy, Apple's highly-anticipated 'mothership' could soon bring the dream to life. The door handle, designed by Apple and Foster + Partners (right) is used on both sliding doors and pivoting ones, and is believed to have gone through dozens of protypes. The final version is designed to be integrated into the doorframe with no visible bolts. Breathtaking new photos appearing in the June issue of Wired, on newsstands May 23, have revealed a close-up look at some of the features that will set Apple's campus apart from all the rest. Back in 2011, just before his death, Jobs addressed the Cupertino City Council to speak of 'a pretty amazing building,' Wired reports. 'It's a little like a spaceship landed.' RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next UFO hunters spot a strange 'flying disc' speed past the... Space time 'fluctuates wildly' claims new theory that could... Revolutionary 3D printed OVARIES offer hope of a 'holy... Android for your car? Audi and Volvo to unveil integrated... Share this article Share THE OBSESSION WITH DETAIL INSIDE 'APPLE PARK' Construction on Apple's futuristic campus has been estimated to cost roughly $5 billion. Apple has specified every part of the project with rules for contractors, and features include:   'Breathing building' that uses soffits beneath the canopies to inhale, and shafts to exhale warm air - as Steve Jobs hated air conditioning and fans Artificial hills and a mini-forest of 9,000 native trees, all drought-resistant with hopes they can 'survive a climate crisis' with some hand picked by Jobs 100,000-square-foot Fitness and Wellness Center (including a two-story yoga room made of distressed stone to look like Steve Jobs favourite Yosemite hotel) Canopies (fins along the glass) on every floor to help the building 'breathe'  A cafe with four-story glass doors that will open up on nice days so employees can eat outside 'Pods' designed for the many different activities that will take place within its walls, from work and collaboration to socializing 1,000-seat Steve Jobs Theater  805,000 square-feet of solar panelling 755-foot tunnel adorned with thousands of tiny white tiles Shock absorbers to withstand earthquakes Offices panelled with 'custom timber veneer' from recycled wood - and guidelines for the special wood used frequently throughout the building ran to some 30 pages Patented pizza boxes to keep food from getting soggy Contractors were told no vents or pipes could be reflected in the glass  'Could we have cut a corner here or there?' Cook told Wired when asked about the obsession with detail. 'It wouldn't have been Apple. And it wouldn't have sent the message to everybody working here every day that detail matters, that care matters.  'I revere him,' Cook says. 'And this was clearly his vision, his concept. Our biggest project ever.' The futuristic campus will soon be welcoming its first employees, who will be greeted by swathes of artificial hills, a mini-forest that will eventually contain 9,000 drought-resistant indigenous trees, and a 'breathing building' powered by 805,000-square-feet of solar paneling. According to Wired, the campus will also have a 100,000 square-foot Fitness and Wellness Center – and, this will contain a two-story yoga room built from distressed stone from 'the right quarry in Kansas,' to mimic the stone at Jobs' favourite Yosemite hotel. Inside the circular building, each floor will be lined with fins called 'canopies,' which will be equipped with soffits on the under that will allow the Ring to 'inhale' air. And, shafts placed elsewhere will allow it to exhale warm air to the outside, Wired reports.  The building will be home to scores of glass-encased 'pods' designed for the many different activities that will take place within its walls, from work and collaboration to socializing. The pods were the brainchild of Steve Jobs, who said they would help foster a sense of community among employees, while allowing them privacy if they needed it. 'Jobs' idea was to repeat those pods over and over: pod for office work, pod for teamwork, pod for socializing' Wired said  The building will have a massive four-story atrium as its café, with four-story glass doors that will open up on nice days so employees can eat outside. The Apple Park café will make use of Apple's patented pizza box, as well, which the firm is believed to have been trialing at its existing campus.  All door handles in the building are custom designed from Apple and Foster + Partners – and, whether a sliding door or pivoting, they'll all have the same kind of handle. There have been several prototypes, with some that were 'long and barely protruding,' and others that are 'tighter and less forgiving,' according to Wired. And, the staircases are sculpted from thin concrete that's 'the perfect white.'   The Apple campus will have 360-degree curved glass fronted walls and central courtyard as well as a 1,000-seater auditorium, a gym and 300,000 square feet of 'research' space. Pictured is the most recent image of the site, taken on January 13 APPLE'S PATENTED PIZZA BOX  The building will have a massive four-story atrium as its café, which will have four-story glass doors that will open up on nice days so employees can eat outside. The Apple Park café will make use of Apple's patented pizza box, as well (pictured) In 2012, Apple published a patent for a special food container that requires no assembly before use, and will minimize storage space. It would have several uses, including the storing and transport of food 'in any shape and size,' from eggs and fruits to meat products, or to store got foods such as pizza. And, it could prevent pizza from becoming soggy. 'In one embodiment, the elevated portion can take the form of concentric rings that elevate the pizza from the bottom surface of the container,' the patent explains. 'Elevating the pizza from the bottom surface ensures that any steam that is emitted from the bottom of the pizza can flow away from the bottom of the pizza. 'Allowing such steam to flow away from the bottom of the pizza prevents moisture from becoming trapped between the pizza and the bottom surface of the container and subsequently reabsorbed by the pizza causing it to get soggy.' The building will be home to scores of glass-encased 'pods' designed for the many different activities that will take place within its walls, from work and collaboration to socializing.  Jobs' vision of the campus saw harmony between nature outside and the building itself, and to ensure the right flora would be perfect, he sought out tree expert David Muffly. The idea was to use indigenous plants that could withstand drought and even a climate crisis.  Breathtaking new photos appearing in the June issue of Wired , on newsstands May 23, have revealed a close-up look inside Apple Park Earlier this year, a flyover of Apple's mothership revealed work on Campus 2 is nearly complete. The incredible drone images also reveal the astonishing attention to detail of the site. From the arrangement of electrical wiring to the finish of a hidden pipe, no aspect of the 2.8 million-square-foot main building has been too small to attract scrutiny. Apple hopes that the campus will be finished by spring this year.   Since Apple unveiled its plans in 2011, the move-in date has slowly receded. Jobs' initial projection was 2015, but this spring now seems most likely, according to people involved in the project.   More than $1 billion (£800 million) was allocated for the interior of the main building alone, according to a former construction manager. The campus is something of an exception to the trend of radically open offices aimed at fostering collaboration, said Louise Mozingo, a professor and chair of the Department of Landscape Architecture and Environmental Planning at University of California, Berkeley.  Its central office building - a massive ring of glass frequently likened to a spaceship - could be a challenge just to navigate, she noted. 'It's not about maximizing the productivity of the office space, it's about creating a symbolic center for this global company,' she said. 'They are creating an icon.' more videos 1 2 3 Watch video Researchers discover incredible wing-deployment of ladybird beetle Watch video NASA cameras capture flashes of light reflecting off Earth Watch video Introducing the Daymak C5 Blast, the world's fastest Go Kart Watch video Test driving world's fastest Go Kart, the Daymak C5 Blast Watch video Killer whales leave three great white sharks dead off South Africa Watch video UFO hunters discover 'flying disk' on NASA space station feed Watch video Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg tries out Instagram's new filters Watch video Stunning animation shows Earth's vegetation 'breathing' over a year Watch video Boxer Chavez pictured with women in hotel room after fight Watch video Travis Scott's Arkansas show branded a 'riot' by police Watch video Former Olympian McKayla Maroney shows off butt on Instagram Watch video Moment owner breaks up fight between two young Rottweilers KEY FEATURES OF THE SPACESHIP-LIKE CAMPUS  Appearing as a giant saucer, the Silicon Valley site near the 280 Highway will be home to 13,000 Apple employees. There will be jogging and cycling trails, with more than a thousand bikes kept on site at all times, which staff can use to make their way around. The Spaceship will have 360-degree curved glass fronted walls and central courtyard as well as a 1,000-seater auditorium, a gym and 300,000 square feet of 'research' space. Apple Campus 2 will additionally have underground parking hidden from view, meaning 80 per cent of the site can be covered in trees. The site was previously owned by Hewlett Packard and the majority of the area is currently covered in asphalt. Elsewhere underground, the auditorium will be where Apple's CEO Tim Cook will present the companies keynotes ahead of product launches, for example. This auditorium will be covered with a circular glass pavilion that will also be an access point for employees and guests. Natural gas will, primarily, provide the building's power and the local energy grid will only be accessed in emergencies.  The glass structure will also be fitted with solar panels.  The circular, four-storey building will be around a mile in circumference and a third of a mile wide and was recently described by the San Fransisco Weekly as a 'massive glass doughnut'. The building stays eco-friendly with natural ventilation that works instead of air-conditioning for 70 per cent of the year, low energy LED lighting where natural light doesn't reach, and on-site recycling. Its central office building - a massive ring of glass frequently likened to a spaceship - could be a challenge just to navigate. This image shows work progressing on the site, with the outer ring almost complete The circular, four-storey building will be around a mile in circumference and a third of a mile wide and was recently described by the San Francisco Weekly as a 'massive glass doughnut' An Apple spokeswoman declined to comment.  Technology companies have long favoured generic office parks, but the Apple Campus 2 marks a new chapter in Silicon Valley architecture. When completed, the campus will house up to 14,200 employees, according to the 2013 project description.  The main building - which boasts the world's largest piece of curved glass - will be surrounded by a lush canopy of thousands of trees.  The new campus will be located at 1 Infinite Loop in Cupertino, which is part of the world-renowned Silicon Valley. Architect German de la Torre, who worked on the project, found many of the proportions - such as the curve of a rounded corner - came from Apple's products Little remains from the cement-laden campus Apple acquired from Hewlett-Packard, though the iPhone maker preserved a century-old barn that remained intact. But what was most striking to those who worked on the project was Apple managers' insistence on treating the construction of the vast complex the same way they approach the design of pocket-sized electronics. Apple's in-house construction team enforced many rules, including no vents or pipes could be reflected in the glass.  What was most striking to those who worked on the project was Apple managers' insistence on treating the construction of the vast complex the same way they approach the design of pocket-sized electronics Pictured is the cafeteria housed in a huge atrium. There are 59 skylights along the roof, allowing natural light to come inside, while giant glass doors open to let fresh air in Apple Campus 2 will additionally have underground parking hidden from view, meaning 80 per cent of the site can be covered in trees And guidelines for the special wood used frequently throughout the building ran to some 30 pages.  The company's keen design sense enhanced the project, but its expectations sometimes clashed with construction realities, a former architect said. 'With phones, you can build to very, very minute tolerances,' he said.  'You would never design to that level of tolerance on a building. Your doors would jam.'  The company's keen design sense enhanced the project, but its expectations sometimes clashed with construction realities, a former architect said Early in construction, Apple managers told the construction team that the ceiling - composed of large panels of polished concrete - should be immaculate inside and out, just as the inside of the iPhone's audio jack is a finished product Drone footage taken above the site reveals the vast extent of the construction, with hundreds, if not thousands of lorries and diggers involved Apple's novel approach to the building took many forms.  Architect German de la Torre, who worked on the project, found many of the proportions - such as the curve of a rounded corner - came from Apple's products.  The elevator buttons struck some workers as resembling the iPhone's home button; one former manager even likened the toilet's sleek design to the device. But Mr de la Torre ultimately saw that Apple executives were not trying to evoke the iPhone per se, but rather following something akin to the Platonic ideal of form and dimension. Elsewhere underground, the auditorium will be where Apple's CEO Tim Cook will present the companies keynotes ahead of product launches, for example Architects working on the building say that many of the proportions - such as the curve of a rounded corner - came from Apple's products Much of the construction time has been spent in placing small tiles along the walls of one of the access tunnels 'They have arrived at design principles somehow through many years of experimentation, and they are faithful to those principles,' Mr de la Torre said. Early in construction, Apple managers told the construction team that the ceiling - composed of large panels of polished concrete - should be immaculate inside and out, just as the inside of the iPhone's audio jack is a finished product, a former construction manager recalled. Each of the thousands of ceiling panels had to win approval from both Apple's in-house team and the general contractor, once at the shop and then again at the construction site. Natural gas will, primarily, provide the building's power and the local energy grid will only be accessed in emergencies Technology companies have long favoured generic office parks, but the Apple Campus 2 marks a new chapter in Silicon Valley architecture. Pictured left is Apple's current Cupertino campus Covering 175 acres, Apple's 'Campus 2' headquarters will replace its current offices at 1 Infinite Loop (pictured) 'The things you can't see, they all mattered to Apple,' the former construction manager said. One of the most vexing features was the doorways, which Apple wanted to be perfectly flat, with no threshold. The construction team pushed back, but Apple held firm.  'We spent months trying not to do that because that's time, money and stuff that's never been done before,' the former construction manager said.  Signage also required a delicate balancing act, as Apple wanted all signs to reflect its sleek, minimalist aesthetic, but the fire department needed to ensure the building could be swiftly navigated in an emergency.     This image is an artist's impression of what the Apple Campus 2 will look like from above when its complete. The site will be surrounded by a man-made forest featuring 7,000 trees. It was previously owned by Hewlett Packard and is currently covered in around 80 per cent asphalt Not all of the parking spaces will be hidden. The parts of the multi-storey car park that will be on show, according to this image from Apple, will be covered in plants and greenery to help the concrete structure blend in Much of the inside of the futuristic building will also be made of glass with stone-coloured walls to add to the building's natural-looking design (pictured). The 175-acre Silicon Valley site near the 280 Highway will house 13,000 staff. Pictured are artist's impressions During his initial proposals, Apple's co-founder Steve Jobs said he wanted the building to be covered in 40ft floor-to-ceiling panes of curved glass so that all of the building's four storeys would be visible from the outside and offer a large amount of natural light (pictured). Pictured is an artist's impression The cafeteria will additionally feature an outside dining and picnic area (pictured). Apple's Campus 2 additionally comes with a fitness centre in the northern part of the building. Pictured is an artist's impression This room-sized mock-up of the planned Apple HQ was released in November 2013 before executives submitted their plans to the council. Pictured is an artist's impression Read more: www.wired.com/20... Patent US20120024859 - Container - Google Patents Share or comment on this article e-mail 41 shares Most watched News videos Phoney business: Hilarious man plays telephone scammers Golfers watch on as huge alligator chows down on fish Angry woman goes on racist tirade against couple fishing in her area Moment cyclist gets shot by stray bullet during group ride Gronk celebrates his birthday with hot date at friend's wedding Heartwarming mother-daughter pit bull reunion at ASPCA Driver miraculously survives after head-on crash splits car in half Miss District of Columbia crowned Miss USA 2017 Police in Baltimore discover toddler in car of man shot dead McMaster denies Trump revealed classified info to Russians Daring shirtless man steals police vehicle in Houston Bridesmaid seeks legal action after filmed 'attack' at wedding Driver's miraculous escape after her car is split right... Vomiting man punches a female security guard in the face... Actor gets EPIC revenge on baffled tax scammers asking... Silicon Valley startup was a 'boy's club' where male... 'He's not a hero, he's a master manipulator and conman':... McMaster says Trump's intelligence sharing with Russia... Shocking moment cyclist is hit by stray bullet from... Cops investigating massacre of Ohio family- of-eight... Dinner time! Carnivorous Trevally fish make the calm sea... Billionaire Bill Gates prompts furious backlash after... 'Silly, sexist, misogynist': Mike Huckabee blasts... Trump points a finger at Comey amid Russian intelligence... Upsetting his mom, making his dad cry and asking his... Is Spicer doomed? Fox News personality Kimberly Guilfoyle... Miss USA says she is 'PRIVILEGED' to have healthcare but... Tucker Carlson selling DC home for $2.2million after... Republicans line up to distance themselves from Trump... Former Mossad chief says Trump sharing intel with Russia... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 12 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Next story The mysterious flashes of light even NASA can't explain: Satellite captures strange glints coming from Earth 143 comments 1 video Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED 9 MINUTES AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / Digital Life / Security Update for Apple Devices Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Security Patch Alert: Time To Update Your Apple Devices By Jef Cozza / Sci-Tech Today PUBLISHED: MAY 16 2017 Tech giant Apple released multiple security upgrades yesterday for its iOS, watchOS, tvOS, and macOS systems, addressing dozens of security bugs across its devices. The iOS update fixes 41 security flaws, including some that could potentially allow a remote attacker to execute malicious code on an Apple mobile device. The update seems to be well-timed, as most of the world is still reeling from the latest ransomeware pandemic that has been racing across the globe since late last week. While the ransomeware attack targets Windows systems, Mac users are likely to feel a little safer knowing they have the most recent security patches installed. Mostly Security Fixes Apple attributed almost half of the bug discoveries to Project Zero, Google's internal security and bug-hunting initiative. The most significant patch Apple released yesterday is for the macOS. The update includes several fixes to the operating systems kernel, some of which address security vulnerabilities that would allow an application to gain access to kernel privileges as well as execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges. The iBooks application received several fixes for bugs that would have, among other things, allowed a maliciously crafted book to open Web sites on its own without user permission. Meanwhile SQLite, a relational database management system, received four separate patches for issues that could have given an attacker remote access to a user's device. Apple's mobile operating system, iOS, also received a major security upgrade. Several of the fixes relate to similar problems as those addressed in the macOS patch, such as the SQLite vulnerabilities, and kernel and iBooks bugs. Another major component of the OS that was patched was WebKit, a component that helps power the Safari browser. No New Functionality, but Some Glitches Fixed The watchOS update includes improvements and bug fixes while the tvOS update provides bug fixes and other enhancements to the fourth-generation Apple TV. WebKit received a whopping eight patches, including several that would have permitted hackers to attack a user's device through malicious Web content. The upgrade also changes the way Wi-Fi network credentials are handled to prevent having a person's username and password stolen when accessing a malicious hotspot. The security fixes will likely be the foremost in users’ minds as they rush to update their devices, but they are not the only changes Apple rolled out yesterday. While the upgrades do not appear to include any major new functionality, they do address several performance issues that should make the user experience a bit more pleasant. On the Macintosh platform that includes a fix for the problem where audio may stutter when played through USB headphones. The update fixes an issue affecting some enterprise and education clients that may cause the system date to be set to 2040, and also prevents a potential kernel panic from occurring when starting up from a NetInstall image. All of the updates can be downloaded over the air. Image credit: iStock. Read more on: Apple, Cybersecurity, Update, Patch, macOS, iOS, watchOS, tvOS, Top Tech News Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: Ed.: Posted: 2017-05-16 @ 5:07pm PT @Patricia: Those calls are NOT legit. Scammers call unsuspecting Apple users and saying that the call recipient's iCloud account has been hacked. The caller claims to be from Apple's Support team, but is just trying to hack your account. DO NOT give out any info. You are smart to be cautious and concerned. Rayna: Posted: 2017-05-16 @ 5:02pm PT @Patricia: They are probably not legitimate calls. Patricia S: Posted: 2017-05-16 @ 4:59pm PT I have received 3 phone calls regarding apple security but have not responded to them. Are these calls the real thing or am I being hoodwinked? TOP STORIES NOW 1. Delphi Joins With BMW-Intel-Mobileye 2. Textalyzer To Fight Distracted Driving 3. Judge Bars Uber from Using Tech 4. Lyft, Waymo Team on Self-Driving Car 5. Humans Hinder Self-Driving Cars MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN DIGITAL LIFE 1. HTC Intros Squeeze-Sensing Phone 2. Security Update for Apple Devices 3. Man Thanks Siri for Saving His Life 4. Salesforce Offers Dev Tools for ISVs 5. Giving Interns a Chance To Shine SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     NEWS & INFORMATION FOR TECHNOLOGY PURCHASERS. UPDATED 9 MINUTES AGO. Home Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Automotive Tech CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content You are here: Home / Data Security / Security Update for Apple Devices Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Security Patch Alert: Time To Update Your Apple Devices By Jef Cozza / NewsFactor Network PUBLISHED: MAY 16 2017 Tech giant Apple released multiple security upgrades yesterday for its iOS, watchOS, tvOS, and macOS systems, addressing dozens of security bugs across its devices. The iOS update fixes 41 security flaws, including some that could potentially allow a remote attacker to execute malicious code on an Apple mobile device. The update seems to be well-timed, as most of the world is still reeling from the latest ransomeware pandemic that has been racing across the globe since late last week. While the ransomeware attack targets Windows systems, Mac users are likely to feel a little safer knowing they have the most recent security patches installed. Mostly Security Fixes Apple attributed almost half of the bug discoveries to Project Zero, Google's internal security and bug-hunting initiative. The most significant patch Apple released yesterday is for the macOS. The update includes several fixes to the operating systems kernel, some of which address security vulnerabilities that would allow an application to gain access to kernel privileges as well as execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges. The iBooks application received several fixes for bugs that would have, among other things, allowed a maliciously crafted book to open Web sites on its own without user permission. Meanwhile SQLite, a relational database management system, received four separate patches for issues that could have given an attacker remote access to a user's device. Apple's mobile operating system, iOS, also received a major security upgrade. Several of the fixes relate to similar problems as those addressed in the macOS patch, such as the SQLite vulnerabilities, and kernel and iBooks bugs. Another major component of the OS that was patched was WebKit, a component that helps power the Safari browser. No New Functionality, but Some Glitches Fixed The watchOS update includes improvements and bug fixes while the tvOS update provides bug fixes and other enhancements to the fourth-generation Apple TV. WebKit received a whopping eight patches, including several that would have permitted hackers to attack a user's device through malicious Web content. The upgrade also changes the way Wi-Fi network credentials are handled to prevent having a person's username and password stolen when accessing a malicious hotspot. The security fixes will likely be the foremost in users’ minds as they rush to update their devices, but they are not the only changes Apple rolled out yesterday. While the upgrades do not appear to include any major new functionality, they do address several performance issues that should make the user experience a bit more pleasant. On the Macintosh platform that includes a fix for the problem where audio may stutter when played through USB headphones. The update fixes an issue affecting some enterprise and education clients that may cause the system date to be set to 2040, and also prevents a potential kernel panic from occurring when starting up from a NetInstall image. All of the updates can be downloaded over the air. Image credit: iStock. Read more on: Apple, Cybersecurity, Update, Patch, macOS, iOS, watchOS, tvOS, Top Tech News Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: Ed.: Posted: 2017-05-16 @ 5:07pm PT @Patricia: Those calls are NOT legit. Scammers call unsuspecting Apple users and saying that the call recipient's iCloud account has been hacked. The caller claims to be from Apple's Support team, but is just trying to hack your account. DO NOT give out any info. You are smart to be cautious and concerned. Rayna: Posted: 2017-05-16 @ 5:02pm PT @Patricia: They are probably not legitimate calls. Patricia S: Posted: 2017-05-16 @ 4:59pm PT I have received 3 phone calls regarding apple security but have not responded to them. Are these calls the real thing or am I being hoodwinked? TOP STORIES NOW 1. HTC Intros Squeeze-Sensing Phone 2. Delphi Joins With BMW-Intel-Mobileye 3. Security Update for Apple Devices 4. 5 Ways to Thwart Ransomware Hacks 5. MS: Government Hoards Hack Tools MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN DATA SECURITY 1. Security Update for Apple Devices 2. Huge Ransomware Hack Goes Global 3. Google To Intro Android O Beta 'Soon' 4. Macron Hackers Tied to U.S. Attack 5. 6 Critical Android Patches Released NEWSFACTOR.COM Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Automotive Tech CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 21 mins S&P 500 2,400.67 -1.65 (-0.07%) Dow 30 20,979.75 -2.19 (-0.01%) Nasdaq 6,169.87 +20.20 (+0.33%) Apple invented a special container to keep the pizza at its new campus from getting soggy Avery Hartmans Business Insider May 16, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos PizzaMore (Shutterstock) Apple has spared no detail in building its new spaceship-like campus in Cupertino, California — even when it comes to the to-go containers at its cafeteria.  A new Wired piece by Steven Levy got an inside look at Apple Park, a 2.8 million-square-foot behemoth that cost about $5 billion to build. While the entire piece is worth a read, one particular detail stuck out: Apple's patented pizza boxes. The boxes are specially designed so that pizzas won't get soggy if employees want to eat back at their desks or save their pizza for later. Apple even went so far as to patent the boxes back in 2010. View photos Apple pizza box patentMore (Apple) "Elevating the pizza from the bottom surface ensures that any steam that is emitted from the bottom of the pizza can flow away from the bottom of the pizza," Apple's patent states. "Allowing such steam to flow away from the bottom of the pizza prevents moisture from becoming trapped between the pizza and the bottom surface of the container and subsequently reabsorbed by the pizza causing it to get soggy." Francesco Longoni, head of Apple's food services team, helped Apple design the container, according to Wired. There are plenty more fascinating details in Levy's story on the new campus. Head over to Wired to read the full piece.  NOW WATCH: This man spent 6 weeks working undercover in an iPhone factory in China — here's what it was like More From Business Insider Apple wanted part of its new $5 billion campus to look like a laptop — here's how close it got Apple just handed Microsoft a major win for its newest version of Windows Google and Apple have a huge disadvantage in the self-driving car race — here's why Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next UBS: A 'narrative shift' could send Apple stock soaring Business Insider The entire MacBook line is getting updated this month, report claims BGR News HTC told us why the HTC U11 doesn’t have a bezel-less display BGR News Apple expert: 'Sell as soon as you hear about any big M&A activity' Business Insider Apple patented a pizza box, for pizzas The Verge What It Really Costs to Go to Walt Disney World Money Why one couple feels like they're scraping by on $500K a year Yahoo Finance Trump is the wrong kind of businessperson to be president Yahoo Finance What to Watch in the Markets Wednesday, May 17 Yahoo Finance Video ‘Injustice 2’ review: Kneel before this sublime superhero fighter Yahoo Finance Steve Kerr yells the same thing every time Draymond Green shoots a 3 as part of the unusual way he manages the Warriors star Business Insider Watch the US Marine Corps' F-35 run and gun for the first time Business Insider YouTubers are drilling holes in iPhones to turn them into $5 fidget spinners Business Insider Stocks take latest Trump drama in stride Yahoo Finance Video The simple reason so many companies were hit by the WannaCry 2.0 ransomware Yahoo Finance James Comey created records of 'improper' phone calls and meetings he had with Trump Business Insider Clapper: US govt 'under assault' by Trump after Comey firing Dan: At least the tide has turned against Trump. That was a necessary and important beginning. A majority of Americans neither believe him, trust him, nor support him. With each passing week of idiocy from this White House, that power against him grows. It will be a juggernaut that will not be stopped, and Trump will spiral into greater anger, bitterness and loathing toward the majority of America's citizenry. He and his stalwart supporters are an increasing minority, and in time will be swept aside by more rational thinking. It takes a while to straighten out a big ship travelling stormy waters, but it will be righted. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.3k
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/16/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/16/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Facebook's Expanding Product Portfolio is Driving Results With around $25 billion in mobile ad sales over the past year, Facebook continues to eat up market share in the digital advertising universe. Motley Fool Staff May 16, 2017 at 12:31PM Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) is now a conglomerate of social media platforms, with each platform executing well. In this segment from Industry Focus: Tech, Motley Fool analyst Dylan Lewis and senior tech specialist Evan Niu, CFA, discuss Facebook's first-quarter results. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on May 5, 2017. Dylan Lewis: Facebook's top line came in at $8 billion, up 49% year over year. EPS came in at $1.04 versus expectations of $0.87 a share, so a handy beat right there. Of that total top line, advertising revenue was $7.9 billion, 85% of which came from mobile. This is and always has been an ad-driven business. I think if you want to highlight just how well Facebook has transitioned to mobile, think about that number and then think about the fact that in Q1, average price per ad was up 14%, and the total number of impressions was up 32%. Last week, we talked about the ad dynamics with Twitter, and they were both not going in that direction. The idea of average price per ad going up would be something that Twitter would love right now. Evan Niu: Yeah, they're crushing it on the mobile side. If you look on a trailing-12-month basis in dollar terms, mobile ads are now at $25 [billion] to $26 billion for Facebook. That is just incredibly impressive, considering the fact that five years ago, they had basically nothing. They've really worked hard to grow that business. They always disclose percentage, but I like to crunch the numbers and look at them in dollar terms: $25 [billion] to $26 billion. It's funny, because that's what Apple's services business is now, and that's a side thing for Apple, but it's Facebook's core business right now. But it's growing so fast. It continues to really drive higher, like you mentioned, ad prices are going up. I think demand for Facebook ads is outstripping supply, particularly for what they're trying to do with the ad load, and improve the user experience. Ad prices are going up, and they're putting up really strong numbers, it's really hard to not love what they're doing. Lewis: That's really backed up by all of the ad industry research that I read about digital ad spend. It's Google and Facebook that continue to eat up market share, and it comes at the expense of a lot of the smaller platforms. They just seem to get stronger and stronger. And some of that is definitely fueled by what's going on on the user side for them. Monthly actives now total 1.9 billion on Facebook, which is good for 17% year-over-year growth, and roughly 1.3 billion, or about two-thirds of those, are coming to the platform every day. It's baffling that they can put up that type of double-digit percentage growth on a denominator that is already in the billions. Niu: Yeah, it's incredible how much their user growth keeps [going] ... I think, on a sequential basis, monthly actives were up 78 million. That's a third the size of Twitter, and they just added that in a single quarter. I think the ratio of dailies to monthlies has pretty much always held constant right around that two-thirds level you mentioned. So, yeah, no big changes in terms of the engagement front there, which is interesting because, like we talked about last week, Twitter's engagement is going up, if you look at, directionally, dailies versus monthlies, whereas Facebook is holding flat. That's not necessarily a bad thing, because Facebook is a much bigger platform. I think there's a different use case for it. And, obviously, they're putting up much better financial numbers than Twitter. They have so many platforms now, too, that each platform individually continues to crush it, and Facebook has four or five of them. I think investors would be happy about any one of these platforms doing well, but they're killing it on literally all fronts. Lewis: Yeah, it's funny to think about a platform that put up double-digit year-over-year growth, and have that be the mature platform in their portfolio. But, you look over at Instagram -- Instagram has 700 million monthly actives as of this quarter. A year ago, that number was 400 million monthly actives. That is insane growth that it's posting. You look at the Instagram Stories feature, which is kind of a Snapchat mimic type thing they rolled out recently, that already has over 200 million daily active users. It already has the daily active user base of Snapchat, despite being an add-on feature to a platform that already has 700 million monthly actives, which is just baffling. Niu: Right. They also have the WhatsApp Status, which is basically the same thing, it's ephemeral photos, videos, gif images that disappear. On WhatsApp Status, they have 175 million daily actives there, too, which is also bigger than Snapchat. Again, they have all these platforms that are just growing. That 2 billion monthly active number they're approaching on the core platform is only for the core platform. I think I would like to see Facebook starting to report more detail on these other platforms because they're becoming so big and important. They give these infrequent updates through blog posts and stuff like that. But as far as a quarterly basis, I think that would be very useful for investors, to start breaking it out. I know they acknowledge that they haven't yet because they're still selling Instagram ads through the same core interface as Facebook. But, I think, from an investing perspective, that would be really useful, to better gauge the progress of each of these platforms, particularly the smaller ones. Even if they haven't turned on the monetization bit yet, I think having operating metrics would be really helpful. Dylan Lewis owns shares of Apple and Facebook. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple and Facebook. Evan Niu, CFA has the following options: long January 2018 $120 calls on Facebook. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Facebook, and Twitter. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Article Info May 16, 2017 at 12:31PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Facebook NASDAQ:FB $149.78 down $0.41 (-0.27%) Read More Why Facebook Shareholders Have Nothing to Worry About Why Facebook Is All-In on Augmented Reality 1 Chart That Shows Facebook's Breathtaking Mobile Transition 4 New, Must-See Quotes From Facebook, Inc. Management Complementing Virtual Reality, Facebook Is Making a Major Push Into Augmented Reality Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Facebook's Expanding Product Portfolio is Driving Results @themotleyfool #stocks $FB
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Apple to Unveil Three New Laptops Including Updated MacBook Pro at WWDC [Report] iPhone 8 Renders Based on 'Highly Detailed CAD File' [Images] Apple Launches 'Today at Apple' Programs at Its Retail Stores [Video] Beautiful iOS 11 Redesign With Dark Mode, Inspired by Apple Music App [Images] Apple Pay Launches in Italy Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 [Download] Tim Cook Charity Lunch Auction Raises $688,999 to Benefit RFK Center An Early Look Inside Apple Park Apple to Update Apple Watch With Glucose Monitoring, Smart Bands? Apple Posts New Beats By Dre Ad Featuring LeBron James, Kevin Durant, Draymond Green, James Harden [Video] Apple Seeds iOS 10.3.3 Beta 1 to Developers [Download] Apple to Phase Out the iPad Mini? Apple Releases macOS Sierra 10.12.5 [Download] App-Specific Passwords Will Be Required for Third-Party Access to iCloud Data Starting June 15 Instagram Launches Face Filters, Rewind, Hashtag Sticker, Eraser Brush [Video] Apple Posts New iPhone 7 Plus Ad: Barbers [Video] Nintendo is Bringing 'The Legend of Zelda' to iPhone [Report] Apple Likely to Unveil 10.5-inch iPad Pro, Siri Smart Speaker at WWDC [Report] Philips Announces New Philips Hue White Ambiance Fixtures, Table Lamps, Candle Bulb Apple Releases watchOS 3.2.2 [Download] Apple to Phase Out the iPad Mini? LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 14 hours ago by iClarified · 1906 views · Translate Apple is reportedly planning to phase out the 7.9-inch iPad mini as it continues to increase the size of the iPhone's display and decrease the footprint of its larger iPads. Customers are increasingly choosing the larger iPhone Plus model with its 5.5-inch display and Apple is expected to bump the screen size up to 5.8-inches with its next generation model. It's believed that this has cannibalized sales of the 7.9-inch iPad mini leading Apple to make the decision to discontinue the device. We have heard from a source close to Apple that the iPad mini is being phased out. Not one to ever be shy about disrupting the company’s own lineup, our source beats the Apple drum and states that there’s “fierce cannibalism of our own products” and that the iPad mini has just been “sized out of its own category.” We’re also told that the numbers are “very clear” as far as sales are concerned, which is most likely the biggest reason the company plans to eliminate the littlest iPad. We could learn more about the iPad mini's future at WWDC 2017. Stay tuned to iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for updates. Read More Follow iClarified Comments (3) Add Comment Adebeci - 12 hours ago Ipad mini is a needed devise, in dash car mount; is the best option today over expensive head units Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Cory - 14 hours ago Well, this makes sense. The iPad mini is ridiculously over-priced and more expensive than the new 9.7 inch starting model. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Raven - 12 hours ago From the way the latest iPad was made is one thing for the price, but I don't think the mini is priced too high, yet there are places that offer it slightly cheaper after all. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Report: Apple to discontinue iPad Mini If true, the move makes sense, as phones continue to gain larger displays, eliminating the need for a more portable tablet. By Jason Cipriani | May 16, 2017 -- 16:20 GMT (09:20 PDT) | Topic: Apple Apple's iPad Mini is on the chopping block, according to a report from BGR. Apple's iPad Mini once had a meaningful place in the company's approach to tablets, offering a more portable, easier to manage device with a 7.9-inch display -- when compared to the 9.7-inch standard iPad design. Latest review Battle of the Android flagships: HTC 10, LG G5, and Samsung Galaxy S7 All three of these phones are outstanding and are priced lower than a comparable iPhone 6s or 6s Plus. Read More Then, as smartphones with larger displays began to take hold, Apple eventually released its "Plus" line of smartphones with a 5.5-inch display, and the need for a smaller iPad slowly began to erode. More recently, Apple released an entry-level 9.7-inch iPad that undercuts the price of the iPad Mini by $70. An Apple spokesperson declined to comment. Apple's annual developer conference takes place in June, with the opening keynote scheduled for June 5. During that keynote, the company is expected to announce updates to its multiple software platforms including iOS and macOS. There have also been reports that the company will announce a 10.5-inch iPad Pro model, along with a Siri Speaker to compete with the likes of Google Home and Amazon's Echo platform. The report didn't specific when Apple would discontinue the iPad Mini. Related stories: Speed up your sluggish iPhone or iPad Apple needs to learn to love Android and Windows Here's how to add a microSD card slot to your iPhone or iPad How to type accent marks on iPhone and iPad keyboards (TechRepublic) Related Topics Apple, Mobility, Security, Mobile OS, Tech Industry, Innovation, Reviews Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Security Apple fixes dozens of security bugs for iPhones, Macs Google Google Assistant to make iOS debut as standalone app: Report Security Apple, Windows tech support scams: US cracks down on fake security alerts Apple Apple snaps up 'dark data' intelligence startup Lattice Data × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     THE ENTERPRISE SECURITY SUPERSITE. UPDATED 9 MINUTES AGO. Home Network Security Viruses & Malware Cybercrime Security Solutions Mobile Security Disaster Recovery Windows Security Data Security EST Contributed Content You are here: Home / Network Security / Security Update for Apple Devices Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Security Patch Alert: Time To Update Your Apple Devices By Jef Cozza / Enterprise Security Today PUBLISHED: MAY 16 2017 Tech giant Apple released multiple security upgrades yesterday for its iOS, watchOS, tvOS, and macOS systems, addressing dozens of security bugs across its devices. The iOS update fixes 41 security flaws, including some that could potentially allow a remote attacker to execute malicious code on an Apple mobile device. The update seems to be well-timed, as most of the world is still reeling from the latest ransomeware pandemic that has been racing across the globe since late last week. While the ransomeware attack targets Windows systems, Mac users are likely to feel a little safer knowing they have the most recent security patches installed. Mostly Security Fixes Apple attributed almost half of the bug discoveries to Project Zero, Google's internal security and bug-hunting initiative. The most significant patch Apple released yesterday is for the macOS. The update includes several fixes to the operating systems kernel, some of which address security vulnerabilities that would allow an application to gain access to kernel privileges as well as execute arbitrary code with kernel privileges. The iBooks application received several fixes for bugs that would have, among other things, allowed a maliciously crafted book to open Web sites on its own without user permission. Meanwhile SQLite, a relational database management system, received four separate patches for issues that could have given an attacker remote access to a user's device. Apple's mobile operating system, iOS, also received a major security upgrade. Several of the fixes relate to similar problems as those addressed in the macOS patch, such as the SQLite vulnerabilities, and kernel and iBooks bugs. Another major component of the OS that was patched was WebKit, a component that helps power the Safari browser. No New Functionality, but Some Glitches Fixed The watchOS update includes improvements and bug fixes while the tvOS update provides bug fixes and other enhancements to the fourth-generation Apple TV. WebKit received a whopping eight patches, including several that would have permitted hackers to attack a user's device through malicious Web content. The upgrade also changes the way Wi-Fi network credentials are handled to prevent having a person's username and password stolen when accessing a malicious hotspot. The security fixes will likely be the foremost in users’ minds as they rush to update their devices, but they are not the only changes Apple rolled out yesterday. While the upgrades do not appear to include any major new functionality, they do address several performance issues that should make the user experience a bit more pleasant. On the Macintosh platform that includes a fix for the problem where audio may stutter when played through USB headphones. The update fixes an issue affecting some enterprise and education clients that may cause the system date to be set to 2040, and also prevents a potential kernel panic from occurring when starting up from a NetInstall image. All of the updates can be downloaded over the air. Image credit: iStock. Read more on: Apple, Cybersecurity, Update, Patch, macOS, iOS, watchOS, tvOS, Top Tech News Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: Ed.: Posted: 2017-05-16 @ 5:07pm PT @Patricia: Those calls are NOT legit. Scammers call unsuspecting Apple users and saying that the call recipient's iCloud account has been hacked. The caller claims to be from Apple's Support team, but is just trying to hack your account. DO NOT give out any info. You are smart to be cautious and concerned. Rayna: Posted: 2017-05-16 @ 5:02pm PT @Patricia: They are probably not legitimate calls. Patricia S: Posted: 2017-05-16 @ 4:59pm PT I have received 3 phone calls regarding apple security but have not responded to them. Are these calls the real thing or am I being hoodwinked? TOP STORIES NOW 1. Security Update for Apple Devices 2. 5 Ways to Thwart Ransomware Hacks 3. MS: Government Hoards Hack Tools 4. Cell Site Simulators: How They Work 5. NKorea Link to Global Cyberattack? MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN NETWORK SECURITY 1. Security Update for Apple Devices 2. Ransomware Attack May Not Be Over 3. Huge Ransomware Hack Goes Global 4. Macron Hackers Tied to U.S. Attack 5. How Burger King Hacked Alexa ENTERPRISE SECURITY TODAY Network Security Viruses & Malware Cybercrime Security Solutions Mobile Security Disaster Recovery Windows Security Data Security EST Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Seeds First Beta of watchOS 3.2.3 to Developers Tuesday May 16, 2017 10:03 AM PDT by Juli Clover Apple today seeded the first beta of an upcoming watchOS 3.2.3 update to developers for testing purposes, one day after releasing watchOS 3.2.2, a minor bug fix update. Registered developers can download the watchOS 3.2.3 update through the Apple Watch app on the iPhone by going to General -> Software Update. To install the beta, the Apple Watch must have 50 percent battery, it must be placed on the charger, and it needs to be in range of the iPhone. watchOS betas are only available to developers because there's no way to downgrade the software on an Apple Watch, so non-developers will need to wait for the public release to get the update. We don't yet know what's included in watchOS 3.2.3, but as a minor 3.x.x update, it likely focuses on minor bug fixes, performance improvements, and security enhancements. We'll update this post should anything be discovered in the first beta. This is likely to be one of the last updates to the watchOS 3 operating system, as Apple is set to debut new watchOS software at the Worldwide Developers Conference in June. Related Roundups: Apple Watch Series 2, watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide: Apple Watch (Neutral) 5 comments Upcoming MacBook Pro June 2017 Minor update to latest Kaby Lake processors expected at WWDC. MacBook June 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected at WWDC. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? MacBook Air June 2017? iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 iMac Late 2017? Front Page Stories Apple Pay Officially Launches in Italy 1 hour ago on Front Page Apple Pay is now available in Italy, and iPhone users in the country are able to add eligible credit and debit cards to the Wallet app for use with Apple's payments service in stores and online. ... 10 comments Apple Highlights Accessibility Features in New 'Designed for' Video Series 2 hours ago on Front Page Apple today updated its YouTube channel with a series of Accessibility videos, highlighting the different ways the Accessibility features built into the iPhone and iPad are used to help people... 2 comments Bragi Launches 'The Dash Pro' With Bigger Battery, Better Bluetooth, and Real-Time Translation 9 hours ago on Front Page At an event in New York City today, hearable company Bragi announced a trio of updates coming to its line of wireless Bluetooth headphones, including The Dash Pro, The Dash Pro tailored by Starkey,... 51 comments Apple Launches 'Today at Apple' Classes Around the World 12 hours ago on Front Page Apple in April announced plans to begin offering "Today at Apple" educational classes at all of its 495 stores around the world, and as of today, the company has launched a new website to... 47 comments Apple to Announce New MacBook, MacBook Pro, and Possibly MacBook Air at WWDC 13 hours ago on Front Page Apple is planning to announce refreshes for its notebook lineup at its upcoming Worldwide Developers Conference set to take place in June, reports Bloomberg. New versions of the MacBook and MacBook... 379 comments Apple Seeds First Beta of macOS Sierra 10.12.6 to Developers 14 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the first beta of an upcoming macOS Sierra 10.12.6 update to developers, one day after releasing macOS Sierra 10.12.5, a minor update that introduced a fix for a bug with USB... 28 comments Apple Seeds First Beta of iOS 10.3.3 to Developers 14 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the first beta of an upcoming iOS 10.3.3 update to developers, one day after releasing iOS 10.3.2, a minor bug fix update that introduced minor bug fixes and a long list of... 52 comments Apple Rumored to Discontinue iPad Mini 16 hours ago on Front Page Waiting for an iPad mini 5? You may be disappointed. BGR, citing a source close to Apple, claims the 7.9-inch tablet is being phased out. The report doesn't offer a timeline as to when the iPad... 298 comments • Behind-The-Scenes Look Into Apple Park Shares Up Close Photos, Sketches, and History of New Campus (86) • Third-Party Apps Will Need App-Specific Passwords for iCloud Access From June 15 (100) • Apple Seeking Programming Chief to Lead Video Efforts (39) • Future Apple Watch Rumored to Include Glucose Monitoring and Smart Bands (171) • Apple Releases New 'Barbers' iPhone 7 Plus Ad Promoting Portrait Mode (69) • Apple Releases macOS Sierra 10.12.5 With Headphones Audio Fix and Enhanced Mac App Store Compatibility (139) • Apple Releases iOS 10.3.2 With Multiple Bug Fixes and Security Updates (187)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Amonkhet' Expansion Comes to 'Magic The Gathering: Puzzle Quest' New 'The Emoji Movie' Trailer Shows 'Candy Crush' Scenes and Reveals the Plot Multiplayer-Focused 'Stickman Skate Battle' Now Available in the App Store Casual Strategy Game 'Heroes Above: Sky Clash' Is Now Available Worldwide 'Soccer Physics' Developer Otto-Ville Ojala Makes All His iOS Games Free Until Delisting on May 28th The Soft-Launched 'Farm On!' Has You Managing Your Farm in Portrait Mode YouTube Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? The Latest iPhone 8 Leaks: Vertical Camera, Stainless Steel, Touch ID Is This the iPhone 8? Hands-On with Apple's New Clips App! Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad (2017) iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad (2017) Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter Apple Seeds First Beta of iOS 10.3.3 to Developers Tuesday May 16, 2017 10:01 am PDT by Juli Clover Apple today seeded the first beta of an upcoming iOS 10.3.3 update to developers, one day after releasing iOS 10.3.2, a minor bug fix update that introduced minor bug fixes and a long list of security updates. Registered developers can download the first iOS 10.3.3 beta from Apple’s Developer Center or over-the-air once the proper configuration profile is installed. We don’t yet know what’s included in iOS 10.3.3, but with a 10.x.x version number, it’s likely to be another minor update that focuses on bug fixes and security improvements rather than outward-facing changes. If anything notable is found in the beta, we’ll update this post. iOS 10.3.3 may be one of the last updates we see to iOS 10, as Apple is starting to shift focus to iOS 11. iOS 11 will be introduced at the upcoming Worldwide Developers Conference, which kicks off on June 5. The update will be in testing for several months before seeing a fall public release. Related Roundup: iOS 10 [ 52 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) AppleFan91 14 hours ago at 10:24 am jeez apple get in right already how many more updates until ios11 Security updates and bug fixes are no good now? I'd MUCH rather have this route then the old "here's iOS X, then 3 months later X.1 and that's it". I love that they are putting out routine updates and betas for those updates. Rating: 7 Votes AppleFan91 14 hours ago at 10:23 am Leaving the iPhone 5 as polished as it can be before its dead. In all fairness, the iPhone 5 turns 5 this year. Very excellent lifespan in terms of updates for a mobile device. There are phones running "other" operating systems that get 18-24 months MAX. Rating: 4 Votes bennyf 13 hours ago at 10:41 am I've done this before, but I always do a DFU restore when installing major iOS updates (be it GM -> Beta, Beta -> GM, Beta -> Beta or GM -> GM) I always read DFU as "don't eff up". Maybe it's appropriate to the way you use it! Rating: 3 Votes Shirasaki 14 hours ago at 10:02 am So we are here: iOS 10.3.3. Likely last wave before iOS 11 going out first beta. Rating: 2 Votes MikeSmoke 13 hours ago at 10:45 am Probably just doing their best to leave EOL devices with a solid OS. A good thing if you ask me. Rating: 2 Votes applelover1016 14 hours ago at 10:34 am will be sitting this one out as well most likely just for the unannounced jailbreak that has been rumored. iOS 11 in 19 days YAY!!!!!!!!!:) Rating: 2 Votes sbailey4 12 hours ago at 11:41 am Okay, so similar to that then, this will be released the day of WWDC, like 9.3.3 was last year. My bad, I must have completely missed 9.3.3 in excitement of 10.What about 9.3.4 and 9.3.5, those released in August. Did you sit those out because of 10 betas? (9.3.3 was released on July 18 btw) WWDC was in June yes? Rating: 1 Votes gstevie 7 hours ago at 04:50 pm Then explain 8 of the last 9 years of iOS. I forgot about 9.3.3 last year, but every year prior has seen zero activity the last couple weeks before WWDC. The trend is changing. I think we can start to work out that Apple's attitude to iOS versions seems to be changing from the historical pattern. The past couple of versions have bucked the trend with not only amount of betas but the release schedule of them. We can explain the last 8 of 9 as being the old way, we now seem to have moved over to a new pattern. It's no big deal, install or don't. Rating: 1 Votes Supa_Fly 10 hours ago at 02:01 pm Exactly. This is unprecedented. The couple weeks before WWDC is usually very quiet. It must be for the jailbreak that's suppose tone released plus maybe safari history clearing bug. Guys, seriously ... you need to think beyond just consumers: Bug fixes which may affect Consumers Developers newly released or older iOS apps and older compatibility of such apps Exchange Server 2013/2017/2016 SQL Server implementations with iOS apps connecting to such SQL Lite internal iOS DB engine affecting quite a number of apps Just because Beta 1 of IOS11 is a few short weeks away does NOT mean everything will work for possible users, corporations, governments and end users. You'd figure most of you would've figured this out by now. Rating: 1 Votes vbctv 14 hours ago at 10:29 am I'm also skipping this and waiting till iOS 11 on June 5th at WWDC. Worries me updating from a Beta to a Beta. And it would be beta to beta on every device if I updated. Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Pro June 2017 Minor update to latest Kaby Lake processors expected at WWDC. MacBook June 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected at WWDC. iPad Pro Mid 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Siri Smart Speaker June Unveil? MacBook Air June 2017? iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 iMac Late 2017? More Blog Stories DJI Launches Apple TV App for Streaming Drone Footage 4 hours ago on iOS Blog Drone maker DJI this week announced the launch of a new Apple TV app, which is designed to allow users to watch aerial content and 4K videos captured from around the world using DJI drones. ... 4 comments Tim Cook Charity Lunch Auction Earns Over $680,000 for RFK Center 11 hours ago on Mac Blog Tim Cook's fifth annual CharityBuzz auction ended this afternoon, earning more than $680,000 for the Robert F. Kennedy Center for Justice and Human Rights. More than 30 people placed... 46 comments Singapore's First Apple Store Opens May 27 13 hours ago on Mac Blog Apple's first retail store in both Singapore and Southeast Asia will open Saturday, May 27 at 10:00 a.m. local time, according to an official opening date recently added to the white facade... 11 comments Apple Seeds First Beta of watchOS 3.2.3 to Developers 14 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today seeded the first beta of an upcoming watchOS 3.2.3 update to developers for testing purposes, one day after releasing watchOS 3.2.2, a minor bug fix update. Registered developers can... 5 comments Apple Seeds First Beta of tvOS 10.2.2 to Developers 14 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today seeded the first beta of an upcoming tvOS 10.2.2 update to developers for testing purposes, one day after releasing tvOS 10.2.1, a minor update that introduced unspecified bug fixes and... 3 comments Latest Beats Ad Features LeBron James, Kevin Durant, and Other NBA All-Stars 16 hours ago on iOS Blog Beats by Dre has released a new BE HEARD ad featuring NBA all-stars LeBron James, Kevin Durant, Draymond Green, and James Harden. The 30-second spot shows each player listening to the song... 14 comments Giphy iOS App Gains Ability to Turn GIFs Into Live Photos 17 hours ago on iOS Blog A new update to the popular GIF-finding service Giphy this week has introduced Apple's Live Photo support into the iOS app, letting users convert any GIF they want into a Live Photo (via... 4 comments Instagram Copies Snapchat Yet Again With Face Filters and Rewinded Video 17 hours ago on iOS Blog Instagram today introduced even more Snapchat-like features in the latest version of its app, including face filters, a customizable hashtag sticker, a "rewind" playback option for videos,... 18 comments • Apple Pay May Launch in Italy as Soon as Tomorrow (10) • Apple Releases iTunes 12.6.1 With Minor App and Performance Improvements (59) • Apple Releases Minor watchOS 3.2.2 Update (59) • Apple Releases tvOS 10.2.1 for Fourth-Generation Apple TV (24) • Lyft and Waymo Announce Partnership That Will Bring Autonomous Vehicle Program to Mainstream (8) • Audio Editing Software Sound Forge Pro Mac Gets First Update in 3 Years (13) • Google Rumored to Launch Standalone 'Google Assistant' App on iOS With Chat and Voice Controls (19)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Amonkhet' Expansion Comes to 'Magic The Gathering: Puzzle Quest' New 'The Emoji Movie' Trailer Shows 'Candy Crush' Scenes and Reveals the Plot Multiplayer-Focused 'Stickman Skate Battle' Now Available in the App Store Casual Strategy Game 'Heroes Above: Sky Clash' Is Now Available Worldwide 'Soccer Physics' Developer Otto-Ville Ojala Makes All His iOS Games Free Until Delisting on May 28th The Soft-Launched 'Farm On!' Has You Managing Your Farm in Portrait Mode YouTube Is Sleep Tracking Coming to Apple Watch? Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? The Latest iPhone 8 Leaks: Vertical Camera, Stainless Steel, Touch ID Is This the iPhone 8? Hands-On with Apple's New Clips App! Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish iPad mini Reportedly Being Phased Out By Adnan Farooqui on 05/16/2017 09:56 PDT If a new report is to be believed, Apple is soon going to phase out the iPad mini from its tablet lineup. The company is apparently taking this step due to cannibalism of its own products as the boundaries between small tablets and large smartphones blur. Previous reports have suggested that iPad mini sales have dropped so it wouldn’t really be surprising if Apple decides to discontinue it. BGR hears from an alleged Apple source that there has been “fierce cannibalism of our own products” and that the iPad mini has been “sized out of its own category.” The source also adds that the device’s weak sales have been very clear. What the report doesn’t mention is that whether Apple intends to discontinue this product immediately or whether it will continue to sell the iPad mini for a few months before its discontinued. The company hasn’t released a new model since the iPad mini 4 which came out back in 2015. The iPad mini’s sales have reportedly been cannibalized by 5.5 inch iPhone Plus models. Even though the iPad mini has a slightly larger 7.9 inch display, most customers would like to have the added incentive of actually being able to use the iPhone as a phone and not just be limited to a tablet that can’t make phone calls. Apple hasn’t confirmed anything about its plans to discontinue the iPad mini so take this report with a grain of salt until we hear something from Cupertino. Filed in Tablets. Read more about iPad mini. Related Articles 2016-10-03 Trio Of New iPads Rumored For Spring 2017 Launch 2016-01-21 iPad Minis Account For Nearly Half Of iPad Sales In The US 2015-11-17 iPad Mini 4’s Display Edges Out The iPad Pro 2015-08-12 OS X Beta Hints At Split-Screen Support For The iPad Mini 4 2015-08-10 Next-Gen iPad Mini Could Be The Thinnest One Yet Fake iPad Bomb Apparently The Reason Behind Airlines Electronic Ban These Devices Will Be Compatible With iOS 10 iOS 9.3 Also Crashes iPhone 6s, 6s Plus Ubergizmo’s Best of CES 2016 Microsoft Says Sorry To Surface Owners Microsoft’s Surface Sales In October Allowed It To Blow Past Apple User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Mobile Apple granted patents on a curved bezel-free screen and integrated Touch ID sensor New, 51 comments The iPhone 8 rumor mill continues by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg May 16, 2017, 12:00pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Apple Inc. Apple has been granted two new patents that are particularly interesting to anyone who’s been following the iPhone 8 rumor mill: a patent for “Reducing the border area of a device” and one for a fingerprint sensor embedded directly in a screen, as spotted by Patently Apple. In other words, Apple has patents to two of the biggest features that are rumored to appear on the next iPhone. Now, obviously, these are just patents, plenty of which get filed and granted but never actually show up on a shipping device. But if you were looking for even more proof that Apple is at least exploring the idea of a bezel-less iPhone with a Touch ID sensor built into the screen, there you have it. Reading the patents, the implementations described are pretty much exactly what you’d expect for the two features: A flexible substrate can be used to fabricate the display panel and/or the touch sensor panel (referred to collectively herein as a "circuit panel") of a mobile electronic device so that the edges of the display panel and/or the touch sensor panel can be bent. Bending the edges can reduce the width (or length) of the panel, which in turn can allow the overall device to be narrower without reducing the display/touch-active area of the device. In other words, Apple’s patent covers creating a screen out a flexible material so that the panel and touch sensors could curve around the edge of the display, for a thinner device without cutting down on screen size. It’s exactly the same strategy employed by Samsung to create the Infinity Display on the Galaxy S8. Meanwhile, the fingerprint reader patent is a little more complex, but it describes a sensor that is integrated directly into the display to more easily access the sensor while in the middle of using apps. It’s also not the first patent we’ve seen related to this subject from Apple, either, which seems to indicate that the company is at least considering the idea. Next Up In Circuit Breaker LG will reportedly switch to OLED displays for next major smartphone Bragi’s new wireless earbuds are supposed to fix all the problems of the Dash Mophie is releasing a $100 charging case for the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus Verizon’s LG Watch Sport has been canceled Polk Audio’s new soundbar works with Google Home and supports 5.1 surround sound Mark Cuban’s hoverboard will cost $1,299 Now Trending Apple reportedly updating entire MacBook lineup at WWDC Bragi’s new wireless earbuds are supposed to fix all the problems of the Dash While also adding real-time language translation and a professional custom fit option The first 4K TVs running Amazon’s software and Alexa launch today for under $500 Simple software and a big screen for affordable prices. Just like Roku TVs. Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 7. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest There’s a good reason Shazam started forgetting song titles in April by Rachel Becker 2 comments / new LG will reportedly switch to OLED displays for next major smartphone by Chris Welch 16 comments / new Bragi’s new wireless earbuds are supposed to fix all the problems of the Dash by Sean O'Kane 13 comments / new Uber will start showing train and bus times near your drop-off point by Jacob Kastrenakes 2 comments / new Elon Musk-backed OpenAI is teaching robots how to learn just like humans do by Nick Statt 1 comment / new Navigating the well-curated, deeply weird Sponsored Films online archive by Noel Murray Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Patents reveal Apple's plans for an edge-to-edge display and embedded Touch ID sensor for the iPhone 8 The US Patent Office has today published details of 56 patents granted to Apple Among them are plans for an edge to edge display and an embedded Touch ID The 10th anniversary flagship handset is expected to go on sale later this year By Tim Collins For Mailonline Published: 12:48 EDT, 16 May 2017 | Updated: 13:29 EDT, 16 May 2017 e-mail 11 shares 23 View comments Rumours and leaks have followed Apple's 10th-anniversary smartphone since it was announced, but new patents may shed light on what fans can expect.  Two applications may finally offer conclusive proof of two of the iPhone 8's most eagerly anticipated features. Plans for an edge-to-edge display and a Touch ID button embedded into the screen seem to be confirmed in the patents, which were published today. Scroll down for videos  Apple was granted 56 patents by the US Patent Office, two of which hint at plans for a Touch ID button embedded into the screen (pictured) as well as an an edge-to-edge display THE PATENTS  Apple was granted 56 patents by the US Patent Office on May 10th. Among them were two applications that may finally offer conclusive proof of two of the iPhone 8's most eagerly anticipated features. Plans for an edge-to-edge display and a Touch ID button embedded into the screen seem to be confirmed in the patents, which were published today. Apple's newly granted patent 9,652,066, details how layers of different materials could be created to allow for a touchscreen capable of recognising fingerprints. And patent number 9,652,096 lays out plans to maximise the interactive area of the smartphone by bending the edges of the screen. There have been conflicting reports surrounding the location of the Touch ID function, which has been located at the bottom of previous iPhones, separated from the screen. Some leakers have suggested that the sensor would be moved to the rear of the handset, to make way for a larger edge-to-edge screen. But the latest patent seems to confirm what others have predicted, that the Touch ID sensor will make its way under the screen itself. Apple's newly granted US patent 9,652,066 details how layers of different materials could be created to allow for a touchscreen capable of recognising fingerprints.  And patent number 9,652,096 lays out plans to maximise the interactive area of the smartphone by bending the edges of the screen.  The applications were among 56 patents granted to Apple, according to reports in Patently Apple.  In the patent relating to Touch ID, an Apple spokesman said it included 'a method of sensing a finger biometric using an electronic device that includes a touch display.' They added: 'The touch display includes at least one display layer and at least one transparent conductive layer thereon defining touch sensing pixels. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Revolutionary 3D printed OVARIES offer hope of a 'Holy... EE is down AGAIN: Firm's 4G network crashes for millions of... Android for your car? Audi and Volvo to unveil integrated... Forget fidget spinners! Mini ROLLERS are set to be the new... Share this article Share 11 shares 'The electronic device may include a finger biometric sensor carried by the touch display.' The patents were granted on May 10th, the same day that 3D renderings claiming to show the final design of the iPhone 8 were leaked.  The images are allegedly based on computer-aided design (CAD) files used in manufacturing the device. They also hint at an edge-to-edge screen, as well as a vertical dual-camera and the thickness of the handset. Apple's newly granted US patent 9,652,066, details how layers of different materials could be created to allow for a touchscreen capable of recognising fingerprints (pictured) Patent number 9,652,096 lays out plans to maximise the interactive area of the smartphone by bending the edges of the screen (pictured) The new set of renders was released by Onleaks, a well-known leaker in the tech world. Based on the CAD drawings, the smartphone measures at 143.5 x 70.9 x 7.7 mm, making it a little thicker than its predecessors, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.  Over the past few months, numerous reports have surfaced and each has had their own speculation to when iOS users will get a look that iPhone 8. IPHONE 8 RUMOURS   Several rumours have been circulating about the iPhone 8, and suggest the next device may have:  - Dual-lens 3D camera  - Augmented reality to generate real-time views of surroundings  - Curved glass casing  - Plastic OLED screen  Images leaked last week, allegedly based on computer-aided design (CAD) files used in manufacturing, hint at an edge-to-edge screen, a vertical dual-camera and the thickness of the handset - Wireless charging   - New 5 inch (12.7 centimetre) and 5.8 inch (14.7 centimetre) models with a wraparound OLED screen - 5.8 inch will be designed with the Touch ID finger print sensor 'under the glass or on the back  - Aluminium back will be replaced with two reinforced glass panes and a metal frame in the middle  - Facial recognition - Premium model could cost $1,000 (£775) One had said Apple might not even release the phone this year due to a range of technical issues the firm has been battling with the redesign. Another stated that Apple could stick to its five year tradition and unveil the handset in September, alongside the iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus. And some are pointing to October or November. But one rumour that surfaced earlier this month had suggested there is a 'high likelihood' that the tech giant will preview the iPhone 8 at the World Developers Conference in June. Read more: iPhone 8 images based on leaked factory CAD drawings show all glass design, thicker body | 9to5Mac OnLeaks (@OnLeaks) on Twitter Patent Images Apple Granted 56 Patents Today Covering an Edge-to-Edge iPhone Display, Touch ID under the Display & 3D Scanner - Patently Apple Share or comment on this article e-mail 11 shares Most watched News videos That's fishy: Trevally attack food during feeding frenzy Giant alligator named Bone Crusher plays with a fidget spinner Shocking video of busy road almost set ABLAZE by lightning strike Man is SPAT on and BEATEN in a vicious attack at McDonald's A giant World War 2 bomb safely exploded in Aston Russian prisoner got his body stuck between his cell bars Hungry base jumper leaps off mountain while eating a burger Curious bear gets scared off by doll when trying to open trashcan Tiny Pug puppy tries desperately and fails to climb stairs Video of the moment New Jersey plane crashes into the ground Hilarious moment Saudi man makes enormous blunder doing the dab Man lands helicopter at a Sydney McDonald's to collect order US Navy's $135MILLION F-35 fighter jet makes history... Girl, 17, who converted to Islam is convicted of plotting... Assad dismisses US claims that a Syrian prison is using a... The undisputed 70lbs champion of the world! Schoolgirl,... Could traffic lights with a mind of their own spell the... It’s meant to be a zebra crossing! Alligator coolly... Pensioner has her head impaled by a badminton racket... Aqua fresh! Diver's underwater mouthwash as he opens wide... Two men who used drones to fly cocaine, cannabis and... Tsar Trip Enterprise! Russian taxi driver monitors... 'Fairy godmother' brings migrants to Europe on a flying... Cruel animal trainer caught brutally kicking a circus... Hiker who called for an air rescue on Japanese mountain... Former UK spy chief accuses Microsoft of failing to... ISIS 'on the brink of total defeat' in Mosul after Iraqi... Brainless vandal filmed smashing a bus stop glass window... Girl's father 'confronted Rolf Harris after he slid his... Ice-IS: Foreign Office rules ANTARCTICA is at risk of... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 23 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read UFO hunters spot a strange 'flying disc' speed past the International Space Station on a Nasa live feed Mobile phones that charge in just five minutes could go on sale NEXT YEAR Watch the Earth 'breathe': Stunning animation shows Earth's vegetation changing over the course of a year Four-story glass doors, 'breathing' walls, patented pizza boxes and a two-story yoga room covered in... Satellites spot surging glacier in the Arctic moving at 13 metres a DAY for the first time since the 1930s BlackBerry working with Aston Martin and Range Rover to develop remote scanner for cars that can tell if... Apple to overhaul its laptop lineup: Sources reveal the firm will unveil THREE new Macbooks next month Netflix and stalk: Samsung adds location tracking app to its TVs Global warming has put New Zealand's Yellow-eyed penguins on the brink of extinction The ultimate eye in the sky? Researchers reveal mini facial recognition blimp The 11 year old 'cyber ninja' who stunned experts at a security conference by hacking their phones and... Apple set to kill off the iPad Mini: Sources reveal the firm will NOT update the diminutive device First true-colour images of Saturn taken during Cassini's final orbits reveal the planet's permanent... Patents reveal Apple's plans for an edge-to-edge display and embedded Touch ID sensor for the iPhone 8 Crew on board Henry VIII's Mary Rose 'to be identified using DNA' 500 years after the warship sank MORE HEADLINES Killer whales wage war on great white sharks: Gruesome aftermath of a brutal battle between the predators Popularity of virtual reality porn rises by 250% in just one year with 500,000 X-rated videos streamed every day UFO hunters spot a strange 'flying disc' speed past the International Space Station on a Nasa live feed Four-story glass doors, 'breathing' walls, patented pizza boxes and a two-story yoga room covered in distressed stone to look like Steve Jobs’ favorite hotel: The staggering decadence of Apple's lavish $5bn Spaceship HQ First true-colour images of Saturn taken during Cassini's final orbits reveal the planet's permanent 120-mile-wide hurricane in stunning detail Patents reveal Apple's plans for an edge-to-edge display and embedded Touch ID sensor for the iPhone 8 The 11 year old 'cyber ninja' who stunned experts at a security conference by hacking their phones and showing how to 'weaponise' a smart teddy bear Space time 'fluctuates wildly' claims new theory that could shed new light on how the universe is expanding Forget fidget spinners! Mini ROLLERS are set to be the new craze to help relieve stress Apple set to kill off the iPad Mini: Sources reveal the firm will NOT update the diminutive device Human sacrifices were buried ALIVE in South Korea 1,400 years ago to bring luck to structures built on their remains Apple to overhaul its laptop lineup: Sources reveal the firm will unveil THREE new Macbooks next month Look familiar? Mark Zuckerberg shows off Instagram's Snapchat-style face filters (and immediately gets called a nerd on his own site) It keeps getting hotter! Last month was the world's second warmest April EVER recorded, NASA reveals Satellites spot surging glacier in the Arctic moving at 13 metres a DAY for the first time since the 1930s MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Incredible shrinking man: Brad Pitt looks thinner than ever in oversized suit as he poses next to Netflix exec at War Machine premiere in NYC 'We were all Edward Norton the whole time': Brad Pitt and Stephen Colbert contemplate existential conundrums on the Late Show Some big questions Thrones fit for (the sister of) a Queen! If you thought bride-to-be Pippa's $130,000 glass marquee was over the top, wait until you see the luxury PORTALOOS at her $425,000 wedding Having a spliff-ing time! Khloe Kardashian 'WAS holding marijuana joint on Costa Rica episode of KUWTK' She is a supposed non-smoker  Japanese princess 'gives up her royal status to marry a 'beach tourism' worker': Emperor's granddaughter will lose her position 'No pool, no problem': Former beauty queen Katherine Webb shows off toned abs in navy bikini while bonding with 11-month-old son Tripp She's a former Miss Alabama  Royals turn out for Queen Elizabeth garden party - as Kate reveals she is 'slightly nervous' about how George and Charlotte will behave at her sister's wedding  She certainly has a type! Taylor Swift is 'secretly dating' unknown British actor Joe Alwyn... just months after split from Tom Hiddleston Meet Taylor Swift's new beau Joe Alwyn: The London-born rising star who has won over big-name directors with his 'disarming humility'... and still lives at home with his parents Amy Schumer and Ben Hanisch split after a year and a half of dating but will 'remain friends' The comedienne and furniture-maker have called time on their relationship  Miley Cyrus shows off toned tummy in black crop top and tight jeans while promoting her new album...after revealing Katy Perry is her oldest friend Kim Kardashian's personal assistant says Kris Jenner 'can get on the phone and change the world' as she dishes about what it's like working for reality clan Singer Mary Lambert reveals she was molested by her father as a child and gang-raped as a teen Revealed personal details about her childhood traumas Rob Gronkowski rekindles romance with Patriots cheerleader as pair head to a wedding where NFL star strips to the waist to celebrate his 28th birthday Not birthday present! Megan Fox is pretty in purple as she celebrates turning 31 with girlfriend... as Brian Austin Green runs errands in LA 'I'm happy when things are simple': Anne Hathaway reveals she is more 'satisfied' with life since welcoming son Jonathan She's loving motherhood 'This is the result of two babies and no strenuous exercise': Vegan blogger posts enviable bikini snap to show what a diet of 'abundant plant foods' can do for your body Always chic! Cindy Crawford hits fashion high note in sophisticated figure-hugging black dress at LA bash She is 51 Fergie is reunited with the American former lover she once spied on through a restaurant window after he married another woman and broke her heart 'I just like this better': Gwyneth Paltrow explains why she put acting career on hold to dedicate time to her lifestyle empire Goop She hosted a seminar Bumping along! Pregnant Whitney Port shows off her growing baby belly as she runs errands in LA...and complains about her swollen feet Robin Thicke vs. stepmom: Alan Thicke's sons go to war with late actor's wife as they claim she's threatening them with bad press to get more of his estate 'Sex addict' Scott Disick, 33, takes Bella Thorne, 19, to dinner then whisks her off to two hot spots... as Kourtney Kardashian gets closer to a model Love runs out! Team Gwen crashes out of The Voice finale as Jesse Larson's dramatic instant save keeps Team Adam's hopes alive Feeling chilly? Goldie Hawn has a pal help her bundle up in a bright pink hoodie... after Snatched scores a $17.5million opening weekend White hot! Shanina Shaik flaunts taut torso in flirty two-piece at friend's bridal shower She was at the event in West Hollywood on Tuesday Mark Ronson and wife Josephine de La Baume 'divorce after five and a half years together... citing irreconcilable differences as reason for their split' Need a training day? Denzel Washington is unrecognizable in what appears to be a fat suit on set of new movie The 62-year-old was in Santa Monica, California Hailee Steinfeld flashes flesh in semi-sheer cutout dress at Billboard's Women in Music event She was the epitome of sophistication  Pretty in pink! Kourtney Kardashian wears casual hoodie with sky high heels as she takes son Mason out in Beverly Hills She's a mom-of-three Star in stripes! Christina Milian cuts a stylish figure emerging from Nicole Williams' bridal shower Leaving Hyde Sunset Kitchen + Cocktails in West Hollywood  Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves arrives for consultation at Harley Street... after being refused risky operation to alter his eye color in India 'J-Lo would marry A-Rod if he asked': Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez are 'already talking marriage' after two months of dating 'Very serious' Peace and love! Jennifer Lopez rocks Good Vibes sweatshirt and ripped jeans during outing in New York The pop star, 47, stepped out solo In her party dress! Mandy Moore sports flirty animal print skirt and chic black blouse at star-studded bash The 33-year-old This Is Us star Shady lady! Halle Berry rocks a fedora and sunglasses as she heads to lunch with a mystery man in LA The 50-year-old tried to go low-key  Is she finally dating? Caitlyn Jenner heads out for coffee in Malibu with mystery blonde She looked like she was enjoying some company on Tuesday   Playmate who body-shamed a 70-year-old woman on Snapchat tells Twitter followers to be 'positive' or she will block them as her trial date is set for violating privacy laws Roseanne Barr reunites with TV husband John Goodman as reboot of classic show is announced Roseanne celebrated its revival in style Do you have a permit? Kanye West resurfaces in Malibu and parks in handicap spot... after spending weeks in Wyoming mountains At Nobu in Malibu Bachelor star Chris Soules avoids public court appearance AGAIN with a written not guilty plea for fatal crash which killed his neighbor In Aurora, Iowa 'A normal American dad': Michael Jackson plays father figure in new trailer for Searching For Neverland He was music royalty - but he didn't want to be Age-defying Pamela Anderson, 49, goes braless as she teases abs and famous cleavage in chic separates at Global Gift Gala in Paris Killer curves! Model Jessica Gomes shows off her enviable physique and EXTREME cleavage during swimwear photoshoot in Sydney A recipe for love! Anthony Bourdain, 60, flaunts his romance with Italian star Asia Argento, 41, as he posts snap of them cuddling on grassy knoll Belle of the ball! Lea Michele is a showstopper in gleaming strapless dress at ABC Upfronts in New York A cleavage-baring dress  Bethenny Frankel called the Real Housewives of Atlanta reunion 'disgusting' and 'gross' Not a fan of the Bible-quoting attorney Phaedra Parks 'Was there a kiss?' Andy Cohen helps single contestants find their match in new trailer for upcoming dating show reboot Love Connection Looking for love 'I ate and drank to cope with being single': Aspiring bodybuilder who has never had a girlfriend undergoes $7,000 tummy tuck to boost his confidence after losing weight Gigi Hadid's stalker grins in court two years after his repeated attempts to break into supermodel's NYC pad forced her to sell the $2.5M property 'Don't believe everything you read': Mayim Bialik dismisses rumor Big Bang Theory costars took '$100k an episode paycuts' for her and Melissa Rauch Amicable exes! Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana sent singer 100 flowers for her 51st birthday They have a child together Casual cool! Margot Robbie gives a peek at her toned tum in white crop top and patchwork denim as she hits market in Hawaii Celebration hasn't stopped Jessica Simpson's father Joe is 'free of prostate cancer' six months after diagnosis was confirmed He begun radiation treatment in February Biker chic! E! host Ksenija Lukich flashes legs in monochrome showstopper at Australian Fashion Week event A leggy display Pretty in peach! Demi Lovato hits the runway in trenchcoat with matching silk midi skirt at LAX She was dressed to impress  Kerry Washington sizzles in bold red and hot pink mini dress...as it's revealed why Shonda Rhimes decided it was time to end Scandal 'These are actually Cheryl's trousers!': Liam Payne confesses the $1,900 designer gear he is wearing belong to his 'fashionista' girlfriend They've just had a baby Oops they did it again! Britney Spears' sons terrorize singer with another on-camera prank  Jayden, 10 and Sean, 11, scared mom in kitchen Making the cut! Vanessa Hudgens shows off tum in striped crop top while leaving hair salon after chopping her dark locks She donned shades His clothes are too big now! Newly slender Brad Pitt swims in his Benjamin Button grandpa gear as he hits The Late Show Looking trim Lucky girl! Gina Rodriguez is gorgeous in green as she arrives for talk show appearance... before cuddling up to fellow guest Brad Pitt In NYC Deadliest Catch star skips court to go on the run a month after being arrested in a 'stolen car with Xanax and crystal meth' Was due in court Friday Heating things up! Hollywood heartthrob Zac Efron arrives in Sydney with co-star Alexandra Daddario ahead of Baywatch film premiere Salma Hayek shows off quirky style in structured leather jacket and green plaid skirt as she arrives at P. Diddy film screening in London Their hips don't lie! Shakira and Becky G flash the flesh at Univision's 2017 Upfront in NYC Some very sexy outfits on show She's got a lot to smile about! Reese Witherspoon looks summer ready in jeans and a floral top from her clothing line Draper James Pippa is set to wear her hair up for the big day - with the help of Kate's personal hairdresser  The Duchess of Cambridge's stylist, Amanda Cook Tucker Eva Longoria oozes golden glamor in dazzling flapper-style frock as she leads superstar red carpet arrivals at her Parisian Global Gift Gala Explained: How NFL star Antonio Cromartie is having ANOTHER baby despite getting a vasectomy - making him a father of 13 He's had the snip Beauty in blue! Youthful Naomi Watts, 48, shows off her slender figure in silk dress as she heads to New York gala Posing up on the red carpet Dancing With The Stars pro Anna Trebunskaya, 36, reveals she is expecting a baby boy with boyfriend Nevin Millan Happy news for couple Supermodel Winnie Harlow oozes elegance in silk robe layered over a tiny bralet for P Diddy film screening She looked effortlessly elegant  Roseanne reboot featuring Barr, John Goodman and Sara Gilbert officially greenlit for eight episodes at ABC The hit TV series was on air from 1988 until 1997 Miss USA Pageant flops with viewers for a second year under Fox's management after NBC ditched broadcast rights in 2015 when it was run by Trump Cold-shoulder chic! Jenna Dewan dazzles in cut-out top and midi skirt for New York outing The actress is currently doing promotional rounds Katy Perry CONFIRMS she will become a judge on American Idol reboot adding she's 'honored' to be a part of the iconic show It's official! EXCLUSIVE: Blame it on Michelle Pfeiffer! It wasn't Sarah Jessica Parker or Kim Cattrall who put kibosh on Sex and the City 3 - it was the elusive Pfeiffer Rita Ora commands attention in striking black evening dress ahead of ABC presentation... as she is unveiled as host of new talent show Boy Band Michael Moore is making an 'explosive' new Trump documentary titled Fahrenheit 11/9 in his first partnership with Harvey Weinstein since 2004 What a difference a wig makes! Penelope Cruz gets into character as Donatella Versace with help of long hairpiece on American Crime Story set Recovered from the weekend? Anna Friel, 40, looks spring-chic in flowing floral dress... after getting close with Stranger Things star Charlie Heaton, 23, at the TV BAFTAs   Beauty trends gone viral! This week, POM POMS are replacing eyeshadow, confetti hair is bringing the party to the salon, and contouring gets colorful So much for basic black and white! Ariel Winter steps out in a tight structured bodice as she heads to a daytime meeting Dresses to get noticed Series creator Shonda Rhimes confirms Scandal will end after seven seasons but promises they will 'leave nothing on the table' The ABC drama 'You have a distorted view of yourself': Lily Collins explains how her role as an anorexia sufferer enabled her to see how she looked to others after struggling with the disorder 'Her birth was a breeze!' Bristol Palin posts photos of her baby girl Atlee Bay while sharing details about family life - including surprise move to Texas Ricky Martin takes a break from American Crime Story set as he shows off banging body in tiny swim shorts The 45-year-old actor relaxed in South Beach  Here comes the bridesmaid! As Margot Robbie takes on Maid of Honor duties, FEMAIL rounds up 20 stylish and affordable bridal party dresses for every type of wedding 'Everybody knows you make the best actors': Jeff Goldblum praises stars Down Under as actor says Australia produces the greatest talent Olympic gymnast Simone Biles puts her sassy 'Smiling doesn't win gold medals' retort from Dancing With The Stars on a tank top - but still gets voted off  show Uncle Gary is ready for the wedding of the year: Black sheep who was caught boasting about drugs poses in a picture of his smart new suit online ahead of Pippa's wedding Regrets! Kim Kardashian swears off pizza and ice cream after epic chow down with Jonathan Cheban in NYC as she's back to working out in LA Only the best! Kylie Jenner, 19, rents stunning clifftop mansion in Beverly Hills for $125k a month Splurging big on palatial pad with five bedrooms 'South Africa is incredible!' VIP Justin Bieber SKIPS line at Table Mountain's Cableway in Cape Town Took advantage of fame and hopped barrier Feisty Emma Stone serves up plenty of feminist spirit as tennis hero Billie Jean King in new trailer for Battle Of The Sexes with Steve Carell Bye bye bling: The Bachelor's Lauren Bushnell 'will need to RETURN her 95k engagement ring to ABC' following split from Ben Higgins Bill Cosby says he will NOT testify at his sexual assault trial next month, saying he's worried he might mess up his own defense while being questioned PICTURED: Stranger Things star Charlie Heaton, 23, gets cozy with actress Anna Friel, 40, at TV awards in London Set tongues wagging Playboy model Dani Mathers' last-minute attempt to avoid trial for flouting privacy laws by body shaming a naked 70-year-old woman in an LA gym is denied  Leisurely Lara! Bingle cuts a casual figure and dotes on precious six-month-old son Racer as she dines at the luxurious Hotel du Cap-Eden Roc Sam Worthington's wife 'The men were getting paid more': Kirsten Dunst reflects on Spider-Man salary and reveals was asked to lose weight for her latest movie role The jury's out! Jessica Chastain complements her trademark flame-red tresses with chic crimson gown as she joins fellow Cannes judges for lunch  'Bad human kill apes': Gun-toting Woody Harrelson attacks apes as epic violence erupts in War For The Planet Of The Apes final trailer All hell breaks loose  'She's just as bad as he is': Courtney Love gets murdered by her sons in first Menendez: Blood Brothers trailer Teaser revealed moment Kitty was fatally shot  That's not A$AP! Kendall Jenner leaves cozy Italian restaurant with mystery man after partying with rapper Rocky at West Hollywood club The Bachelor announces a spinoff where singles compete for love in the SNOW... while Dancing With The Stars will have a junior edition He's not called Harry STYLES for nothing! FEMAIIL breaks down summer fashion trends and tricks inspired by the solo-going One Direction star She sure looks happy to be with the guy! Drew Barrymore beams in NYC with ex-husband Will Kopelman... after honoring him on Mother's Day And so it begins! Emily Ratajkowski flashes her abs in tiny black crop top as she leads the A-list arrivals in Nice ahead of the 70th Cannes Film Festival 'I've actually kissed many of these people!' Katy Perry reveals who she would rather in a Hollywood matchmaker game on Ellen Her big confession   Naomi Campbell looks chic in semi-sheer lace top and black trouser suit as she supports friend P. Diddy at star-studded London screening of his documentary film Elle Fanning dazzles in sparkly statement shades as she goes makeup-free for her arrival in Nice ahead of the Cannes Film Festival Confident in own style  Workout hard with a vengeance! Scout Willis is trim toned and terrific as she heads to a pilates class in West Hollywood with a stomach-flaunting look  'I need to study': Australian actress Jessica McNamee is trading up Hollywood for university as she returns home as a student The Vow actress 'We love you!': Teresa Giudice offers a prayer for RHONJ co-star Dina Manzo after she's beaten and bound during home invasion robbery Terrifying incident for star Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves shares a kiss with female companion during night out... after doctor rejects his bid to alter eye color in India Her royal shyness! Crown Princess Mary of Denmark reduces a nervous toddler to tears as she attends the opening of a food center in Aarhus 'Enjoy the book, you're the one writing it': Jon Bon Jovi surprises New Jersey college graduates with live performance at their commencement  Plagiarizing Elle Woods? Trump's commencement address casts striking similarities to Reese Witherspoon's Legally Blonde character Don't stop 'til you get enough (coffee): Paris Jackson cuts a casual figure with a friend in LA after stunning on Teen Vogue cover Michael's girl in demand She wears heels everywhere! Hilaria Baldwin poses on a slide with four-inch pumps as she pays visit to NYC park with husband Alec and their three kids Something to tell us? Liam Payne calls Cheryl his WIFE during radio interview... as he speaks about dealing with 'diaper duty' following birth of baby son Bear Aaron Hernandez's fiancée denies he's gay, says his 'prison lover' lied about suicide note and explains why she thinks his last letter to daughter may be forged Is THIS Pippa Middleton's wedding dress? Women arrive at bride-to-be's home carrying white garment bags - and Kate's hairstylist is there too 'She's the ultimate pop star': Miley Cyrus gushes about little sister Noah as she cuts stylish figure in midi dress and fedora Flashed flesh in sexy top Poppy Delevingne sports a trendy varsity jacket as she and husband James Cook celebrate their wedding anniversary at P. Diddy film screening 'Chugging bubbles on a private jet!': The Detour's Natalie Zea kicks up a leg as she sips champagne while heading to New York City for TBS event Taking a break from mom duties! Irina Shayk pats her stomach two months after welcoming baby with Bradley Cooper as she's seen solo in NYC 'Don't give up. Don't quit. Persist!' Chelsea Clinton echoes mom Hillary's words as she encourages young women to play SPORTS and have active lifestyle Lorde dons Dior and Daisy Dukes in ELLE... and reveals pals in her native New Zealand call her a 'weird old dowager with a nice house' Keeping it humble  Curvy Amber Rose causes a commotion in a LBD in Miami... but then opts for a relaxed look to jet back to LA Model's mood reflected by hoodie message 'Your passing has left me destroyed forever, but I know you are at peace': Rosario Dawson 'finds her 26-year-old cousin dead in her Los Angeles home' Jimmy Kimmel will return as host of 90th Academy Awards for second consecutive year... as comedian is lauded as 'one of finest hosts in Oscar history' Riverdale's Lili Reinhart claps back at critics for villainizing her after she tweeted about how the show 'saved' her during her depression Tyga's former fling Demi Rose flaunts her ample cleavage in an array of raunchy skin-flashing snaps Model sizzled as she posed topless  'They need to do a whole reboot!' Paula Abdul rules out returning to American Idol The 54-year-old said while she was 'excited' to see the new version  Ivanka Trump barely cracks a smile as she steps out in floral frock amid controversy surrounding her dad sharing intelligence with Russia  Cigs And The City: Bella Hadid smokes cigarettes as she flashes a rare smile while dining at Eden Roc in France Attending Cannes  'It was beautiful': Newly engaged Emily VanCamp reveals fiance Josh Bowman proposed to her in the forest during a hike Actress opened up 'You've got to earn this': Michael Phelps is put through his paces by Dwayne Johnson as he tries out for job as Baywatch lifeguard in funny promo Melania Trump reveals that son Barron, 11, will attend $38,000 private school in Maryland as she praises its 'diverse community' and 'academic excellence' On his best behavior! Queen Mathilde gives son Prince Emmanuel a stern look as he accompanies her to a cello competition in Belgium 'I'm in shock': Simone Biles earns two sets of perfect scores but still gets eliminated during semi-finals of DWTS Judges Len and Carrie were stunned by result Tiffany Trump cheers on boyfriend Ross Mechanic as he graduates from University of Pennsylvania She graduated last year 'I was born with a platform, and I didn't want to waste it': Paris Jackson reveals why she's building a career in the public eye On cover of Teen Vogue  Having her for dinner! Yolanda Hadid's ex David Foster, 67, seen 'grabbing and kissing' Katharine McPhee, 33, while eating out at  restaurant in Malibu Hayden Panettiere's childhood home in Upstate New York goes on the market for $1.75M after parents' bitter divorce battle finally comes to an end 'Fashion should never make you feel bad!': Reese Witherspoon says 'rude, snotty' salespeople alienate shoppers... but her stores are 'fun' Brooklyn Beckham displays his typically grungy style in a beanie and gold chain as he larks around with crew members outside a photo shoot in London Jet setter! Eva Longoria dresses down for her flight to Paris to host Global Gift Gala First anniversary with third husband José Bastón this Sunday Jude Law's limited series The Young Pope gets spinoff as HBO greenlights The New Pope The show will be set in the modern Vatican USA women's soccer  legend Abby Wambach marries Christian mommy blogger....nine months after getting divorced from her husband Miss USA says she is 'PRIVILEGED' to have healthcare but it should be a right as she backtracks after firestorm over her pageant comments From chilling on the lawn with Jackie to having lessons on public speaking: Private photos show a 29-year-old John F Kennedy's first foray into politics Ferry dramatic! Tom Cruise takes to the River Seine to shoot stunt sequence as he continues Mission Impossible 6 filming in Paris Who needs Orlando Bloom when you have Paris? Katy Perry parties at Ms Hilton's mansion with Bella Thorne, Sofia Richie and Iggy Azalea She Cannes do no wrong! Bella Hadid dazzles in a silver jacket and chic patchwork jeans as she makes a stylish arrival at Film Festival in France  'I can't depend on Hollywood for jobs': Kim Cattrall, 60, hits out at ageism in film industry as she laments being cast as a 'grotesque, older woman' Saving the glamour for Cannes! Makeup-free Marion Cotillard does low-key chic in plaid shirt dress as she touches down in Nice for film festival Sir Richard Attenborough's Scottish vacation home where he entertained Hollywood stars is back on market for less than $800,000 after it failed to sell Miss Universe model Laura Dundovic reveals the secret to her washboard abs is lifting weights as she opens up about getting into the 'best shape of her life' Hear her Roar! Katy Perry showcases her vocal abilities as she's spotted by a fan filming Carpool Karaoke alongside James Corden Slimmed down Blac Chyna flaunts her tiny waist and bodacious derriere in tiny pink skirt and matching cropped bomber for night out On her finest form  Ravishing redheads Jessica Chastain, Julianne Moore and Susan Sarandon flaunt their style as they jet into Nice for Cannes Film Festival From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Crew on board Henry VIII's Mary Rose 'to be identified using DNA' 500 years after the warship sank 1 comment 1 video Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Apple looking for someone to head up video programming strategy | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Report: Apple to discontinue iPad mini Apple looking for someone to head up video… Apple patents construction method for cylindrical… Apple making app-specific passwords mandatory… Apple releases iOS 10.3.2, tvOS 10.2.1, watchOS… Google Assistant reportedly coming to iOS… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product Periodic Audio Mg, Ti, & Be In-Ear Monitors Hidrate Spark 2.0 Smart Water Bottle 808 Audio Canz GLO and Canz H2O Bluetooth… Adaptive Sound Technologies LectroFan micro… FABRIQ AirPlay and Bluetooth Alexa-Enabled… Advanced Evo X & M4 FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors Native Union Cosmos Edition Lightning Cables Twelve South RelaxedLeather for iPhone 7… Just Mobile Xtand Vent Twelve South Journal for iPhone 7 and iPhone… DODOcase Leather Card Case for iPhone 7 and… Twelve South BookBook for iPhone 7 and iPhone… MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras Satechi Type-C Pro Hub for MacBook Pro Bloop Airmail 3.2.5 Blizzard Entertainment StarCraft Overmacs PhotoSweeper 3.0 Logitech MK850 Performance Wireless Keyboard… Belkin DuraTek USB–C Cable HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Correcting your iPhone’s Pronunciation Opening a Playlist in a separate window in… Extracting a still image from a video using… Converting your child’s Apple ID into… Taking screenshots on your Apple Watch Avoiding lens switching when shooting video… DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: Disconnect Lifetime Premium Subscription Daily Deal: Aerix Black Talon 2.0 Micro FPV… Daily Deal: FreeStereo Twins Wireless Bluetooth… Daily Deal: Zoolz Dual Cloud 1TB Storage,… Daily Deal: iMazing 2 Universal License Daily Deal: Throttle Pro, Lifetime Subscription GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Apple looking for someone to head up video programming strategy By Dan Pye ● 15 hours ago Apple is looking for someone to lead its video programming strategy efforts, The Information reports. People familiar with the matter said Apple has talked to former HBO programming head Michael Lombardo, who left HBO early last year to focus on his own production projects. Sources at Apple claim the company is actively looking to fill the role, but what types of video content viewers could end up getting from the arrangement is still an open question. Apple has been all over the place with its video strategy, often publicly claiming its video moves are simply made to boost Apple Music while continuing to discuss possible deals with the likes of Paramount Pictures and Sony, all the while adding that the company isn’t ruling any kind of video content out if they find it interesting. Some of the discord stems from several Apple executives — including Eddy Cue, SVP of Internet Software and Services, Robert Kondrk, VP of Apple Content and Media Apps, and Apple Music chief Jimmy Iovine — all working to arrange their own exclusive deals, which may be why the company is looking to put one person at the helm. Comments « Report: Apple to discontinue iPad mini Apple patents construction method for cylindrical device that could be Siri speaker » Related Stories Apple patents construction method for cylindrical device that could be Siri speaker Apple acquires ‘dark data’ company Lattice Data Apple publishes ‘How to shoot on iPhone 7’ tutorial series Report: Apple to announce Prime Video for Apple TV at WWDC Apple Music opens Giphy channel Apple reportedly debuting Apple Store updates May 17 Subscribe to iLounge Weekly Recent News Report: Apple to discontinue iPad mini Apple looking for someone to head up video programming strategy Apple patents construction method for cylindrical device that could be Siri speaker Apple making app-specific passwords mandatory to access iCloud with third-party apps Apple releases iOS 10.3.2, tvOS 10.2.1, watchOS 3.2.2, iTunes 12.6.1 Google Assistant reportedly coming to iOS soon Philips adds new Hue White Ambiance bulbs, fixtures and table lamps Analysts see wireless charging, AR applications in Apple’s Corning investment Apple acquires ‘dark data’ company Lattice Data Analyst predicts new 10.5” iPad Pro will be revealed at WWDC Recent Reviews Periodic Audio Mg, Ti, & Be In-Ear Monitors Hidrate Spark 2.0 Smart Water Bottle 808 Audio Canz GLO and Canz H2O Bluetooth Speakers Adaptive Sound Technologies LectroFan micro Wireless Speaker and Sleep Sound Generator FABRIQ AirPlay and Bluetooth Alexa-Enabled Speaker Advanced Evo X & M4 Advanced Mezger aptX Bluetooth Receiver iDevices Wall Switch iDevices Wall Outlet Koogeek Wi-Fi SmartSocket for Apple HomeKit Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu SORRY KIDS Apple’s new $5 billion campus has a 100,000-square-foot gym and no daycare Written by Mike Murphy Obsession The Art of Parenting May 16, 2017 Perhaps children can run free through the forest. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Share Written by Mike Murphy Obsession The Art of Parenting May 16, 2017 Apple’s new corporate headquarters, the giant spaceship-like donut in Cupertino, California, is nearing completion. As the last of the solar panels and drought-­tolerant trees were installed, Wired’s Steven Levy was given a look at what it will be like to work at the new campus, and a good bit of history on how the project came to be. Throughout the magazine’s June cover story, details about Apple’s late founder Steve Jobs’ vision for the headquarters emerged. The new campus is meant to unite under one roof workers who have been housed at disparate offices, in an effort to breed collaboration and inspiration. It is dotted with thousands of trees and an air-conditioning system that sucks outdoor air in to remind employees of the environment outside. The campus was built to the sort of exacting specifications that Apple customers have come to expect from the company’s products. The headquarters design team, led by Apple’s lead designer Jony Ive and Norman Foster, the architect behind the firm Foster + Partners, attended to all kinds of details—ensuring, for instance, that the project’s glass canopies wouldn’t take on the greenish hue typical of most glass panels (it comes from the iron in the sand) and instead would gleam as brilliantly white as a 2001 iPod. They also determined the perfect angle to set the panes so they wouldn’t show streaks after it rained. The facility will be a pantheon for the healthy, career-focused Silicon Valley type. Wired notes: In addition to weights and a two-story yoga room, the 100,000-square-foot Fitness & Wellness Center offers employees access to medical and dental services. “I’m a big believer in people staying active. It’s something that makes them feel better and more energetic,” [Apple CEO] Tim Cook says. “It’s all about the fixation on the customer, and the customers here are our people, our employees.” What’s notably missing from the 175-acre headquarters, however, is a childcare center—probably not a big deal to workers who don’t need to leave the mothership to tend to such worldly pursuits as child-rearing, but a missed opportunity, given Apple’s prominence as an employer, to redefine the relationship between work and home life. On-site childcare remains a rare feature in corporate America. But it’s been shown to do wonders for parents of young children. Its presence has helped Patagonia, for example, to retain 100% of the women on staff who have had children over the past five years. (The average in the US is under 80%.) But this campus, we are reminded throughout Wired’s story, is Jobs’ legacy. And despite fathering four children, three with wife Laurene Powell Jobs and another from an earlier relationship (whom he acknowledged only after a court-ordered paternity test), Jobs seemingly never used his influence to change the debate over work-life balance. There was no time to perfect that—not when so much of his life went into perfecting the work. Most Popular Silicon Valley has idolized Steve Jobs for decades—and it’s finally paying the price Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Skip to main content The Straits Times Tech Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper Apple Orchard Road store opens on May 27 Close to midnight of May 16, 2017, workers added the opening date to the front facade of the Apple store at Knightsbridge mall.ST PHOTO: TREVOR TAN The original white facade that covered the front of the Apple store at Knightsbridge mall before the opening date was revealed. ST PHOTO: LIM SIN THAI Close to midnight of May 16, 2017, workers were seen adding the opening date to the front facade of the Apple store at Knightsbridge mall. ST PHOTO: TREVOR TAN PublishedMay 17, 2017, 12:01 am SGT UpdatedMay 17, 2017, 1:08 am More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/46zR Copy Trevor Tan Deputy Tech Editor trevtan@sph.com.sg SINGAPORE - The highly-anticipated official Apple store at Orchard Road will be opening on May 27 at 10am. Close to midnight on Tuesday night, workers were seen pasting the opening date on the existing white facade that covers the front of the store at Knightsbridge mall. Apple Orchard Road, as it is officially called, is the first Apple retail store in Singapore and also the first one in South-east Asia. The store will open daily from 10am to 10pm. Queues are expected to form outside Apple Orchard Road in the time leading up to its opening, like what happened with other Apple retail stores elsewhere in the world. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up In 2004, Britain's first Apple retail store in London's Regent Street drew a queue of more than 1,000 people, with some queuing for three days. And in 2014, China's 10th Apple retail store in Chongqing attracted a queue of more than 3,000 people. Topics:  APPLE RETAIL ORCHARD ROAD More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/46zR Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content lg_a125972_2017may15_300x200_td.jpg 5 reasons why the LG Signature OLED TV W is a game-changer Merck_A125676_20170501_300x200 Women are at higher risk for anaemia ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
