Welcome, Guest Login Register Be sure to register or log in to earn points for interacting with our community! RSS Subscribe Email News Tips Home Tech Gadgets Apple iPhone Apps Video Games Unboxing Holiday Gift Guide Entertainment Celebrity Gossip Music Movies Television Comics Sports Pro Sports Basketball Football Baseball Hockey Lifestyle Cuisine Fashion Women Politics Events CES E3 Mind Camp Personalities Andru Edwards Video Shows The Bleeding Edge The End Score Report FilmCrunch Unboxing Live! Forums Gallery About Archives Contact On Gear Live: Mario finally comes to the iPhone in Super Mario Run Latest Video: Bleeding Edge TV 603: Lightning vs. 3.5mm Headphones Challenge We compare Lightning headphones to 3.5mm models in this episode! Play Video Close Player   Episode Permalink Comment on this Video Subscribe to this show via iTunes, Miro, or RSS Download for: iPod High Definition Download: High Definition iPod Version XviD Version Subscribe: iTunes High Definition iTunes iPod Version RSS Saturday September 3, 2016 1:15 pm Bleeding Edge TV 592: ecobee3 Smart Thermostat review Tweet Posted by Andru Edwards Categories: Features, Household, Podcasts, Product Reviews, Videocasts, Videos The ecobee3 is a smart thermostat that can be controlled by the sound of your voice by way of Siri or Amazon Alexa. With Apple HomeKit and Amazon Alexa services built-in, you can simply ask one of the digital assistants to set your temperature, and it's done. With Siri, you can do it from anywhere you have an Internet connection, using any iOS device or Apple Watch! Of course, you can use it the old-fashioned way, but instead of clunky dials and knobs, the #ecobee3 has a modern touch display built in. It can also monitor the temperature in multiple rooms of your home, making sure the rooms that are occupied stay comfortable! Check out the video for my full review - I also show you how to install the ecobee3! You can pick up the ecobee3 Smart Thermostat now. Don't forget to subscribe to Gear Live's YouTube channel--also, we are giving away awesome perks for our Patreon backers - thanks for your support!   Here's how to get the show: [Download] - iPod-formatted H.264 [Download] - High Definition H.264 [Download] - MPEG-4 [Download] - MP3 Subscribe to Bleeding Edge TV… iTunes Others Standard version 720p HDTV M4V version 1080p HDTV MP4 version Video Transcript: Using voice commands to control your home is the wave of the future. I show you how you can do it today with the Ecobee3 smart thermostat. Stay tuned. The ecobee3 is a smart thermostat that connects to your home Wi-Fi network, allowing you to control the temperature from anywhere that you have an Internet connection. This isn’t new, as there are a few other devices out there that do the same thing. However, what sets the ecobee3 apart is that it has built-in support for Apple HomeKit, as well as Amazon’s Alexa. This means that you can control the ecobee3 thermostat with your voice by using Siri with an iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, or iPod touch, or an Alexa-enabled device like the Amazon Echo, Echo Dot, or Amazon Tap. And with Father’s Day around the corner, this is one you might wanna pay close attention to, because it’s that good. Inside the box you’ll find the ecobee thermostat itself, along with one room sensor with detachable stand. Aside from HomeKit capability, this is another area where ecobee stands out. The sensor is placed in a room that’s separate from where the thermostat is placed, allowing the system to monitor temperature and motion in more than one place. So if your thermostat is on the first floor, but you spend a lot of time on the second floor, the ecobee will still know that you’re home and will keep the temperature right where it should be. Alternatively, it will also save you money when you aren’t home by optimizing the temperature accordingly rather than wasting your resources and cash. You get one sensor in the box as I mentioned, but you can have up to 32 of these in your home if you’re a straight up baller. You’ll also find the Power Extender Kit, screws and drywall plugs, standard and large trim plates, a quick start guide, installation guide, wire labels, and some ecobee stickers inside the box. Since I installed it myself, I made sure to turn off the power to my heating and cooling system, because the last thing anyone is gonna accuse me of is being a handyman and I wasn’t trying to kill myself. Ecobee says it takes about 45 minutes to install, but I was up and running in about 20 minutes, and again - I’m no handyman. First thing you wanna do is get rid of whatever crappy thermostat you’re currently using, and then label your wires if they aren’t already. Mine were already labeled from when I originally installed my older Nest thermostat, so I was able to save a step there. Then you choose the trim plate that is applicable to you, and screw it in place. The ecobee back plate has a built in level which is nice, so you know that you’re orienting everything the way that it should be. From there, you plug the wires for your system into the corresponding holes. Again, keeping the wires labeled makes this a snap. I got everything plugged in, pushed the wires back into the wall, and then connected the ecobee3 thermostat, which just snapped into place without much force. At this point, installation is done, and it’s time to turn the power back on, which will start the boot up process. The touchscreen interface is nice, and it walks you through setup in a nice, intuitive way. During the process you are invited to download the ecobee3 app, which mirrors the interface of the display, making it super easy to control from afar. You also get the option of using your iOS device to quickly get the ecobee3 set up on your Wi-Fi network, as well as getting HomeKit set up as well so that you can control the thermostat with Siri. Both of these just add to the convenience of setup, and makes a novice like me feel like I know exactly what I’m doing when installing hardware on my wall. Once everything is up and running, you’re then able to control the ecobee3 in a few ways. First, directly from the built-in touchscreen. When you approach it, the ecobee3 changes from the view only interface into the interactive one, which is cool. Changing the temperature is as easy as sliding your finger up and down the right-hand side of the display. You can also get a weather forecast right on the ecobee3 as well, and of course, you can change the settings too. You can also use a smartphone app to control the thermostat, which can be downloaded from the Apple App Store or Google Play for Android. Finally, you’ve got voice control, which is the most convenient, especially when it’s hands-free. For example, you can use Siri with the Hey Siri command... …or you can use an Alexa-enabled device like the Amazon Echo... This is where most of the appeal lies for me, and having both Siri and Alexa voice control is something that no other smart thermostat to date can do. As someone who’s been building my smarthome around devices that can take advantage of both HomeKit and Alexa, the ecobee3 is the perfect smart thermostat for my home thanks to that flexibility. If you’re in the market for a smart thermostat that allows you to interface with it in multiple ways from connected devices, I think the ecobee3 is the one to get. Now I wanna know what you think. Have you started buying devices that make your home a bit smarter? Leave a comment below letting me know what you’ve outfitted your home with, or if you’re still waiting for the market to develop. If you like what you saw here and are feeling the ecobee3, do me a favor and hit that like button - and if you loved it, be sure to hit the subscribe button if you haven’t yet to stay notified of future tech reviews, tutorials, first looks, and more. Big shout out to ecobee for sending this one over, and if you wanna see more on the ecobee3, be sure to check out my #DreamTeam brethren as we all took the ecobee3 for a spin. I’ll leave a link to the playlist where you can check out all the videos on the description below. Thanks for watching as always guys - your support is greatly appreciated! Until next time, I’m Andru Edwards and I’ll catch you in the next video. You can also find us on: Twitter: Gear Live - Andru Edwards Facebook: Gear Live - Andru Edwards Google+: Gear Live - Andru Edwards Instagram: Gear Live - Andru Edwards Pinterest: http://pinterest.com/andru Tumblr: http://andru.tumblr.com Related Tags: andru, andru edwards, ecobee, ecobee vs nest, ecobee3, ecobee3 homekit review, ecobee3 review, ecobee3 smart thermostat, gear live, home automation, homekit, homekit thermostat, how to install ecobee3, smart home, smart thermostat review Tools: Permalink Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Comments (0) Forum Discussion Email this story Related Entries   Advertisement Forum Discussion Come join the discussion on this topic over on the Gear Live message boards. You need to be a member to participate, so sign up if you haven't already - it's free!    • Reply to this forum thread Comments: Be the first to comment Advertisement Commenting is not available in this weblog entry. Commenting is not available in this weblog entry. Featured Stories Bleeding Edge TV 594: Amazon Kindle Oasis review Bleeding Edge TV 589: HTC 10 camera review Bleeding Edge TV 588: HTC 10 review Recent Galleries Categories Accessories Announcements Apple Broadband Cameras Cell Phones CES Wearables Corporate News Design Editorial Features Google GPS Handhelds HDTV Home Entertainment Hot Deals Household Internet Microsoft Misc. Tech Mods / Hacks Movies Music PC / Laptop Peripherals Podcasts Portable Audio / Video Product Reviews Science Software Storage Toys Transportation Video Games Videocasts Videos Wireless / WiFi Advertisement Site Links Home Search GearLive RSS Feeds Popular Archive Terms of Use Privacy Policy Report a Website Bug All About Gear Live About Us & Contact How GearLive Works FAQs Jobs at GearLive Gear Live Tools Check out the Gear Live Touls that let you integrate Gear Live into your site. Advertise You can buy advertising on Gear Live through our advertising partner Federated Media. Gear Live Social Check us out on: Facebook YouTube Twitter MySpace Blip.tv Gear Live Store New! Get Gear Live hats, shirts, hoodies and more at the new GearLive Store, coming soon. © Gear Live Media, LLC. 2007 – User-posted content, unless source is quoted, is licensed under a Creative Commons Public Domain License. Gear Live graphics, logos, designs, page headers, button icons, videos, articles, blogs, forums, scripts and other service names are the trademarks of Gear Live Inc. Gear Live Presents: Gear Live Most Recent Most Clicks Google Pixel vs. Nexus 6P: Which is the Better Android Smartphone? Keeping your devices and info secure this holiday season (and win a trip!) Vizio M50-D1 4K HDR TV SmartCast display review SLEEPTRACKER Watch Review Mod Your XBOX Without a Mod Chip Flash on iPhone is just around the corner Gear Live Presents: Bleeding Edge TV Most Recent Most Clicks Bleeding Edge TV 603: Lightning vs. 3.5mm Headphones Challenge Bleeding Edge TV 602: Sennheiser Momentum 2.0 headphones review Bleeding Edge TV 601: Ghostek Atomic 2.0 Galaxy S7 case review Bleeding Edge TV 179: How To Mod Your iPhone on Windows Using iBrickr Bleeding Edge TV 190: How to Replace Your iPhone Battery Bleeding Edge Byte 025: Melting Hard Drives With Thermite Gear Live Presents: PlayFeed Most Recent Most Clicks Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes Is a Surprisingly Great Mobile Game Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas is fun, but Xbox 360 HD remaster is rough Humble Mozilla Bundle lets you play awesome games without leaving your browser E3 2005: Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi Impressions Xbox 360 Controller for Windows Installation Images Apparently That Xbox 360 Red Light of Doom Problem Hasn’t Been Fixed Gear Live Presents: Unboxing Most Recent Most Clicks Unboxing Live 196: Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Unboxing Live 195: HP Elite X2 Unboxing Live 194: HTC 10 Carbon Gray Xbox 360 Messenger Kit Unboxing Gallery Xbox 360 Halo 3 Special Edition Unboxing Gallery The T-Mobile Sidekick 3 Unboxed Gear Live Presents: TV Envy Most Recent Most Clicks Katie Holmes Almost Landed ‘OITNB’ Role Conan O’Brien Still Rivals with Jay Leno TV Scoop: ‘Malefiftycent,’ Gillian Jacobs on ‘Girls,’ ‘True Blood’ Tidbits Vanessa Hudgens Admits to Nude Photo Kelly Clarkson Snubs American Idol Idol Producers, Judges Speak Out About Antonella Barba Pics Gear Live Presents: Film Crunch Most Recent Most Clicks The Interview now available, $5.99 to rent, $14.99 to buy “Crazy In Love” Was the “Perfect Fit” for ‘50 Shades’ Trailer Samuel L. Jackson Shocked by Harrison Ford’s Set Accident Mr. Skin Lists Greatest Nude Scenes in New Book Review: Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Celebrity Double-Take: Amy Adams vs. Isla Fisher Gear Live Presents: Endscore Most Recent Most Clicks EndScore Report: NFL Week 3 Predictions EndScore Report: Mariano Rivera sets MLB Saves record EndScore Report: In Your Face, Deon Grant and DeAngelo Hall James Blake’s Girlfriend, Jennifer Scholle, Makes it to Maxim Magazine Cold Pizza’s Dana Jacobson is Single American League Fantasy Notes:  A.L. East Gear Live Presents: Dropping Dimes Most Recent Most Clicks First Look: Tuesday, March 17 First Look: Friday, March 13 First Look: Thursday, March 12 Do Not Draft Amare Stoudemire! My PFS Experts League Team Dropping Dimes Draft Blog: Round 1, Pick 7 Gear Live Presents: Food Squeeze Most Recent Most Clicks Alton Brown presents his sumptuous ‘Grilled Grilled Cheese’ [Video] Yelp names the top 100 places to eat in the US 3 steps to easily remove pomegranate seeds A Guide To Different Apple Types Apple Nutrition Facts Fresh Beet Salad Recipe Gear Live Presents: Venturus Most Recent Most Clicks Tumblr user numbers in massive freefall Twitter finally allows you to mute your friends The Problem with Facebook [Video] Get Your phpBB Forums Indexed Blog Business Summit: 10 Ways To A Killer Blog Blog Business Summit: What’s Next In Online Communication? Home Tech Entertainment Sports Lifestyle Events Video Shows Personalities Forums Gallery About Archives Contact
Welcome, Guest Login Register Be sure to register or log in to earn points for interacting with our community! RSS Subscribe Email News Tips Home Tech Gadgets Apple iPhone Apps Video Games Unboxing Holiday Gift Guide Entertainment Celebrity Gossip Music Movies Television Comics Sports Pro Sports Basketball Football Baseball Hockey Lifestyle Cuisine Fashion Women Politics Events CES E3 Mind Camp Personalities Andru Edwards Video Shows The Bleeding Edge The End Score Report FilmCrunch Unboxing Live! Forums Gallery About Archives Contact On The Bleeding Edge: Bleeding Edge TV 586: Apple MacBook (2016) Review [1.3GHz Core m7] Latest Video: Bleeding Edge TV 603: Lightning vs. 3.5mm Headphones Challenge We compare Lightning headphones to 3.5mm models in this episode! Play Video Close Player   Episode Permalink Comment on this Video Subscribe to this show via iTunes, Miro, or RSS Download for: iPod High Definition Download: High Definition iPod Version XviD Version Subscribe: iTunes High Definition iTunes iPod Version RSS Saturday September 3, 2016 10:36 am Bleeding Edge TV 587: What’s in my Tech Bag? OVERKILL EDITION - Ghostek NRG review Tweet Posted by Andru Edwards Categories: Accessories, USB, Apple, Cell Phones, Wearables, Features, Handhelds, Music, PC / Laptop, Peripherals, Podcasts, Portable Audio / Video, Product Reviews, Videocasts, Videos It's time for me to give you a look at What's in my Tech Bag! You've asked me to show you what I carry with me when I'm on the go, and this video will give you a glimpse into what tech and gadgets come with me everywhere I go, and why I like them. Everything is carried in the Ghostek NRG Bag, which has a 7000 mAh battery which can charge my gadgets even when I'm on the go, which is definitely a plus! Here's a list of everything that's in my bag, and links to where you can pick them up yourself: LSTN Wembley Bamboo Earbuds LG G5 VRS Design LG G5 Cases Audeze EL-8 Headphones Moment Lenses Earin Earbuds SanDisk USB-C Dual Flash Drive New Nintendo 3DS XL Majora's Mask 2016 MacBook iPad Pro 12.9-inch iPad Pro 9.7-inch iPad Pro Smart Keyboard Kindle Oasis Mophie Juice Pack Anker Astro E7 Power Bank Poweradd Slim 2 Belkin SurgePlus USB Swivel Charger Nectar Dank Shades HTC 10 iPhone SE VRS Design iPhone SE Cases You can pick up the Ghostek NRG Backpack now. Don't forget to subscribe to Gear Live's YouTube channel--also, we are giving away awesome perks for our Patreon backers - thanks for your support!   Here's how to get the show: [Download] - iPod-formatted H.264 [Download] - High Definition H.264 [Download] - MPEG-4 [Download] - MP3 Subscribe to Bleeding Edge TV… iTunes Others Standard version 720p HDTV M4V version 1080p HDTV MP4 version Video Transcript: BAG RUNDOWN This is the Ghostek NRG bag. I’m gonna leave a link to this, as well as everything in the bag, in the description below, but if you’re wanting to look this up on your own, it’s spelled N-R-G. Here’s what’s special about it. This is a bag built for gadgets. It’s ridiculously spacious, water resistant, and can charge  your gadgets when you’re on the go. More on that in a bit. You might be wondering why I called this the What’s in my Bag: Overkill edition, and you’re about to find out. As most of you know, I work from home, and creating tech content like this video is what I do for a living. What that means is, when I am on the go, it’s because I am leaving town - and that means I need everything necessary to keep the content flowing for you guys. Let’s start in the front pocket. Oh, and remember how I said this bag can charge up your gadgets? There’s a 7000mAh removable battery built in to this bag. It can be removed to be charged, or you can just open up the power port on the side of the bag and plug the AC adapter into there. The battery powers the USB port on the side of the backpack, which can charge up any smartphone or tablet. Even cooler, on the inside you’ll find built-in Lightning, microUSB, and Apple 30-pin charging cables, all of which are directly connected to the power in the bag as well. So, you are covered regardless of the device you have on you, and that’s pretty cool. MACBOOK Of course, when I’m on the go, I need my mobile workstation, and in this instance, that’s the 2016 MacBook. I’ve got the Rose Gold model with the upgraded 1.3GHz Intel Core M7 processor and 512GB of storage. I’ll be bringing you my review of Apple’s latest MacBook soon, but in my early tests it beats last years model easily. IPAD PRO In addition to the MacBook, I also keep a 12.9-inch LTE iPad Pro in my bag as well. Sometimes I just wanna use iOS apps to connect to my TiVo to watch shows, or stream Netflix, Hulu, or just play a game. Of course I’ve got the smart keyboard connected in case I also wanna get some work done... But yes, sometimes I don’t need the larger form factor, and therefore I ALSO have the 9.7-inch LTE iPad Pro with me as well. The larger model pretty much needs to be on a table or desk to be useable, and this smaller version is fine in the hands, and has that fresh True Tone display as well, which is great for reading. KINDLE OASIS That said, if I really wanna get some reading done without distractions or the temptation of other apps, I also have a Kindle e-reader in my bag at all times. RIght now, it’s the brand new Kindle Oasis, which Amazon just released last week. I’m a fan of this because it includes a leather charging cover, and a fully charged Kindle Oasis and Oasis case provides a ridiculous multi-month battery life. APPLE PENCIL Since I’ve got two iPad Pro units in my bag, it only makes sense that I’d also bring along the accessories that make the iPad Pro an iPad Pro. The Apple Pencil is definitely part of that equation, coming in handy when I’m making those sick YouTube thumbnails on the go. PowerAdd Slim2 CHARGER This small charger by PowerAdd sports 5000mAh of power, enough to recharge a current smartphone almost twice, and it’s not too big to fit into a pocket if you need to charge up while using your device. It’s also not too expensive at all at just $10. ANKER CHARGER But when I need more power, or to charge more than one device, this Anker charger is my go to. It’s sleek and slim, looks great, has 3 USB ports, a built-in flashlight, and has an incredible 20100mAh battery on the inside. You can even use this to charge the MacBook over USB-C. NINTENDO 3DS I’ve got the New Nintendo 3DS to take care of boredom on flights, as well as to give me an opportunity to get some gaming in since I’m so busy as home making videos nonstop. Specifically, this is the limited edition Legend of Zelda Majora’s Mask console. CABLES Of course, I need to have every cable that I may possibly need, because, you never know, right? Ethernet, Lightning, microUSB, mini USB, USB-C, etc. I’ve also got some USB-C dongles for the MacBook, in case I need to plug in a standard USB device or HDMI cable. IPHONE SE - VRS Design Case In the back pocket found on the rear of the NRG bag, I usually store a couple of extra smartphones. I’m usually reviewing and testing multiple models, and this is a great place to keep them protected. Here I have the iPhone SE, although you probably wouldn’t know it due to the unique case. This is actually another case from VRS Design, which can also hold some card or cash. Just like the LG G5, VRS design makes some sweet cases for iPhones as well. I’ll have more on these iPhone SE cases in a future video, so look out for that one. LG G5 - VRS Design Case Here I’ve got the LG G5, the latest flagship from LG. I keep that on me  in order to compare smartphones when I am doing reviews on the go. If you’re thinking about picking up the LG G5, I’ll leave a link to my full review video for you to check out. Oh, and to keep it protected, I’ve got it in a case from VRS Design. This one is called the High Pro Shield, and it’s two pieces - one soft piece that protects the phone from shock, and a hard bumper that goes around it. I’ve been trying out a bunch of different cases from VRS Design lately, and I’m a big fan of both the look and the quality of their designs. In fact, I’ll show you another one a little later on. If you need a case for your LG G5, VRS Design cases start at about $11. HTC 10 This is the HTC 10, and if you’ve been following my channel, you know that I picked my review unit up from the launch party that took place in New York City a couple of weeks ago. I’m just about done with my full review of the HTC 10, and while you wait for that, feel free to check out my coverage from the launch party, as well as my picks for the top 5 features on this device. NECTAR GLASSES: Dank Depending on where I’m going, sunglasses could be a necessity. I like to keep a pair of stylish but inexpensive shades with me at all times, just in case. I keep my more expensive sunglasses in my car, so when I’m on the go, I’m all about Nectar Sunglasses. Here you see the Dank edition Sunnies, which cost just $30. Moment Case and Lenses Moment Lenses and the accompanying Moment Case are invaluable tools for getting fantastic photos and videos using my iPhone 6S Plus (which isn’t in my bag because it’s home is my back pocket.) You insert the iPhone into the Moment Case, which is communicates with over Bluetooth, and provides a nice camera grip and shutter button. I have three lenses, all of which are premium glass. One is a wide angle, one is telephoto, and the last is a macro. Earin headphones I’m testing these Earin headphones. They are completely wireless Bluetooth earbuds. No wire to plug into your device, and no wire connected the two ear pieces. They’re decent so far, but audio drop outs on one ear or the other can get annoying. Still, many think wireless earbuds are the future, so I’m keeping my eye on this space. LSTN Wembley bamboo earbuds These LSTN Wembley earbuds are some of the best in-ears I have ever had the pleasure of listening to, which is why I’m not totally sold on the idea of completely wireless buds just yet. I’m usually more a fan of over-ear headphones, but I agreed to try out the LSTN buds and was immediately blown away by how great they sound - and the bamboo wood construction is beautiful. They’re noise-isolating and electro-acoustically tuned to produce high-end sounds quality at any volume, and the real wood housing provides a rich, full sound. Even better, your purchase helps support LSTN and Starkey Hearing Foundation’s mission to help restore hearing worldwide. Belkin SurgePlus USB Swivel Charger The Belkin SurgePlus has been a lifesaver, and it has had a spot in my travel bag for about 8 years. It plugs into a standard outlet, and provides you with three surge-protected AC outlets, as well as two USB charging ports. WHen you’re in a hotel room and outlets are scarce, the SurgePlus quickly becomes your best friend. Mophie Juice Pack When I’m on the go and don’t need to carry my bag with me, I look to the Mophie Juice Pack to keep my iPhone 6S running all day. It does double as a protective case, but that’s not why I use it - I just wanna be able to go from morning til late at night when I’m at these influencer events, and the Juice Pack means I don’t need to find an outlet. Audeze EL-8 Titanium This might be my favorite thing in my bag - the Audeze EL-8 headphones. World’s First Headphones With Fully Integrated Apple Lightning Cable. The EL-8 Titanium headphones come with an exclusive lightning cable that streams a complete 24-bit digital signal through a high quality DSP and DAC to offer better sound quality. The built in microphone can be used for phone calls and is SIRI compatible. An accompanying Audeze app can be used to apply EQ and sound presets. For non- Apple device compatibility, the headphones also include a standard analog cable. PlugBug PlugBug piggybacks onto your MacBook Power Adapter, creating a one-of-a-kind, dual charger for MacBook + USB devices like an iPhone or iPad, or really any USB-powered device. A newer model includes five international snap-on plugs and doubles as an international, stand-alone USB charger for iPhone and iPad. SanDisk USB-C Dual Flash Drive It has 32GB of storage, and the cool thing is that it can be plugged into both standard USB ports, as well as newer USB-C ports like the one found on the MacBook. That makes it easy to get files from one system to another, regardless of which USB type it supports. There you have it guys, that was your look inside my tech bag. I’m curious what you thought - I know I said it was overkill, but do you agree? Do you keep your bag nice and light, or are you hauling around even more stuff than I am? Hit me in the comments and let me know. Also, big shout out to Ghostek and VRS Designs for making this video happen, you’ll find links to the their products, as well as everything else I showed in this video, in the description below. If you need some new tech, be sure to hit our Gadget Giveaways playlist in order to see what giveaway we’re currently running, so that you can enter to win. If you liked what you saw today and if you wanna see more of these types of videos, please do hit that Like button, and if you loved it, be sure to Subscribe in order to find out about future video release. Thanks for watching as always, I definitely appreciate your support. I’m Andru Edwards, and I’ll catch you in the next video. You can also find us on: Twitter: Gear Live - Andru Edwards Facebook: Gear Live - Andru Edwards Google+: Gear Live - Andru Edwards Instagram: Gear Live - Andru Edwards Pinterest: http://pinterest.com/andru Tumblr: http://andru.tumblr.com Related Tags: andru, andru edwards, audeze el-8, best backpack 2016, everyday carry, gear live, ghostek, ghostek nrg, ghostek nrg bag review, ghostek nrg review, htc 10, iphone se, kindle oasis, tech backpack, tech bag tour, whats in my bag Tools: Permalink Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Comments (0) Forum Discussion Email this story Related Entries   Advertisement Forum Discussion Come join the discussion on this topic over on the Gear Live message boards. You need to be a member to participate, so sign up if you haven't already - it's free!    • Reply to this forum thread Comments: Be the first to comment Advertisement Commenting is not available in this weblog entry. Commenting is not available in this weblog entry. Featured Stories Bleeding Edge TV 594: Amazon Kindle Oasis review Bleeding Edge TV 589: HTC 10 camera review Bleeding Edge TV 588: HTC 10 review Recent Galleries Categories Accessories Announcements Apple Broadband Cameras Cell Phones CES Wearables Corporate News Design Editorial Features Google GPS Handhelds HDTV Home Entertainment Hot Deals Household Internet Microsoft Misc. Tech Mods / Hacks Movies Music PC / Laptop Peripherals Podcasts Portable Audio / Video Product Reviews Science Software Storage Toys Transportation Video Games Videocasts Videos Wireless / WiFi Advertisement Site Links Home Search GearLive RSS Feeds Popular Archive Terms of Use Privacy Policy Report a Website Bug All About Gear Live About Us & Contact How GearLive Works FAQs Jobs at GearLive Gear Live Tools Check out the Gear Live Touls that let you integrate Gear Live into your site. Advertise You can buy advertising on Gear Live through our advertising partner Federated Media. Gear Live Social Check us out on: Facebook YouTube Twitter MySpace Blip.tv Gear Live Store New! Get Gear Live hats, shirts, hoodies and more at the new GearLive Store, coming soon. © Gear Live Media, LLC. 2007 – User-posted content, unless source is quoted, is licensed under a Creative Commons Public Domain License. Gear Live graphics, logos, designs, page headers, button icons, videos, articles, blogs, forums, scripts and other service names are the trademarks of Gear Live Inc. Gear Live Presents: Gear Live Most Recent Most Clicks Google Pixel vs. Nexus 6P: Which is the Better Android Smartphone? Keeping your devices and info secure this holiday season (and win a trip!) Vizio M50-D1 4K HDR TV SmartCast display review SLEEPTRACKER Watch Review Mod Your XBOX Without a Mod Chip Flash on iPhone is just around the corner Gear Live Presents: Bleeding Edge TV Most Recent Most Clicks Bleeding Edge TV 603: Lightning vs. 3.5mm Headphones Challenge Bleeding Edge TV 602: Sennheiser Momentum 2.0 headphones review Bleeding Edge TV 601: Ghostek Atomic 2.0 Galaxy S7 case review Bleeding Edge TV 179: How To Mod Your iPhone on Windows Using iBrickr Bleeding Edge TV 190: How to Replace Your iPhone Battery Bleeding Edge Byte 025: Melting Hard Drives With Thermite Gear Live Presents: PlayFeed Most Recent Most Clicks Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes Is a Surprisingly Great Mobile Game Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas is fun, but Xbox 360 HD remaster is rough Humble Mozilla Bundle lets you play awesome games without leaving your browser E3 2005: Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi Impressions Xbox 360 Controller for Windows Installation Images Apparently That Xbox 360 Red Light of Doom Problem Hasn’t Been Fixed Gear Live Presents: Unboxing Most Recent Most Clicks Unboxing Live 196: Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Unboxing Live 195: HP Elite X2 Unboxing Live 194: HTC 10 Carbon Gray Xbox 360 Messenger Kit Unboxing Gallery Xbox 360 Halo 3 Special Edition Unboxing Gallery The T-Mobile Sidekick 3 Unboxed Gear Live Presents: TV Envy Most Recent Most Clicks Katie Holmes Almost Landed ‘OITNB’ Role Conan O’Brien Still Rivals with Jay Leno TV Scoop: ‘Malefiftycent,’ Gillian Jacobs on ‘Girls,’ ‘True Blood’ Tidbits Vanessa Hudgens Admits to Nude Photo Kelly Clarkson Snubs American Idol Idol Producers, Judges Speak Out About Antonella Barba Pics Gear Live Presents: Film Crunch Most Recent Most Clicks The Interview now available, $5.99 to rent, $14.99 to buy “Crazy In Love” Was the “Perfect Fit” for ‘50 Shades’ Trailer Samuel L. Jackson Shocked by Harrison Ford’s Set Accident Mr. Skin Lists Greatest Nude Scenes in New Book Review: Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Celebrity Double-Take: Amy Adams vs. Isla Fisher Gear Live Presents: Endscore Most Recent Most Clicks EndScore Report: NFL Week 3 Predictions EndScore Report: Mariano Rivera sets MLB Saves record EndScore Report: In Your Face, Deon Grant and DeAngelo Hall James Blake’s Girlfriend, Jennifer Scholle, Makes it to Maxim Magazine Cold Pizza’s Dana Jacobson is Single American League Fantasy Notes:  A.L. East Gear Live Presents: Dropping Dimes Most Recent Most Clicks First Look: Tuesday, March 17 First Look: Friday, March 13 First Look: Thursday, March 12 Do Not Draft Amare Stoudemire! My PFS Experts League Team Dropping Dimes Draft Blog: Round 1, Pick 7 Gear Live Presents: Food Squeeze Most Recent Most Clicks Alton Brown presents his sumptuous ‘Grilled Grilled Cheese’ [Video] Yelp names the top 100 places to eat in the US 3 steps to easily remove pomegranate seeds A Guide To Different Apple Types Apple Nutrition Facts Fresh Beet Salad Recipe Gear Live Presents: Venturus Most Recent Most Clicks Tumblr user numbers in massive freefall Twitter finally allows you to mute your friends The Problem with Facebook [Video] Get Your phpBB Forums Indexed Blog Business Summit: 10 Ways To A Killer Blog Blog Business Summit: What’s Next In Online Communication? Home Tech Entertainment Sports Lifestyle Events Video Shows Personalities Forums Gallery About Archives Contact
Login / Register | Languages EU news and policy debates across languages | .com EurActiv.com Sections News Special Reports LinksDossiers Interviews Opinions Infographics Video Blogs More Agriculture & Food Climate & Environment Development Policy Digital Energy Euro & Finance Europe's East Global Europe Health & Consumers Innovation & Industry Science & Policymaking Social Europe & Jobs Sustainable Dev. Trade & Society Transport UK & Europe More Sections Central Europe Competition Education Elections Enlargement EU Priorities 2020 Future EU Justice & Home Affairs Languages & Culture Med & South Public Affairs Regional Policy Security Sports Main Sections EU news and policy debates across languages 07/01/2017 Vestager under fire from predecessor Kroes over Apple ruling Advertising Digital Vestager under fire from predecessor Kroes over Apple ruling Home | Digital | News By Georgi Gotev | EurActiv.com 02-09-2016 (updated: 02-09-2016 ) By Georgi Gotev | EurActiv.com 02-09-2016 (updated: 02-09-2016 ) Neelie Kroes [Holger Rings/Flickr] Neelie Kroes [Holger Rings/Flickr] Languages: Français Print Comments3 Ex-Commissioner for Competition Neelie Kroes slammed the EU for concluding that Apple owes Ireland €13 billion, calling the decision “fundamentally unfair”. The European Commission replied that Kroes was wrong, and that she was speaking on behalf of Silicon Valley. The Commission found that Ireland had breached state-aid rules by allowing the California technology group to pay substantially less tax than other businesses since 1991. EU says Apple must repay €13 billion over ‘illegal’ Irish tax deal The European Commission said on Tuesday (30 August) that US tech company Apple must repay €13 billion in back taxes after ruling that a series of Irish tax deals were illegal. EurActiv.com In an op-ed for The Guardian, Kroes argues that EU member states have a sovereign right to determine their own tax laws, and that the Commission cannot change the rules of the game and seek unrecovered taxes retroactively. “EU member states have a sovereign right to determine their own tax laws,” she said. “State aid cannot be used to rewrite those rules. However, the current state-aid investigations into tax rulings appear to do exactly that,” Kroes wrote. Kroes is also critical of the retrospective nature of the ruling, which determined that Apple had underpaid its Irish taxes from 2003 until 2014, saying a fundamental principle of tax law is that changes do not apply to past years. Former Dutch politician Kroes served as Competition Commissioner from 2004 to 2009, and as Commission Vice President for Digital agenda from 2010 to 2014. She is now special envoy for StartDelta, a tech startup development project run by the Dutch government, and sits on the public policy board of Uber and the board of directors for Salesforce, an American cloud computing company headquartered in San Francisco. In fact, Vestager has already addressed the issues raised by Kroes. She has stated that the tax ruling favouring Apple are a matter of state aid, because member states cannot give unfair tax benefits to individual companies.  She has argued that this has been long confirmed by the EU courts and the executive’s case practice. “State aid can come in many forms, as a task benefit, as a favourable treatment of a piece of land, a favourable loan,” Vestager has told journalists. Regarding accusations of changing the rules of the game and seeking to recover taxes retroactively, Vestager explained that no legislation has been changed in the time frame of the Apple ruling, and that that consequently there was no ground for such claims. Asked to comment on the accusations by Kroes, European Commission chief spokesperson Margaritis Schinas acknowledged that the Commission had seen the op-ed. Reading from a prepared statement, he said: “We understand that it may be sometimes challenging to reconcile the role as a former Commissioner with the temptation to publicly express the views of those, in Silicon Valley or elsewhere, who oppose the Commission’s decisions. This seems to criticise how the Commission applied state aid rules, but the fact is that they were not applied in the way it was alleged,” Schinas said. Brussels Apple tax ruling reverberates across the Atlantic The European Commission’s demand for Apple to pay back a record 13 billion euros in back taxes in Ireland has triggered warnings that it could damage transatlantic economic ties. Others in Washington, however, used the case to call for an international tax system to ensure revenues are paid where they are due. EurActiv.com In fact, Kroes was very popular as a Commissioner precisely for playing hardball in the EU-Microsoft competition case, which resulted in a €497 million fine for the US company. By Georgi Gotev | EurActiv.com Print Comments3 Related Tags Topics competition Digital digital market Euro & Finance tax rulings People Margrethe Vestager Neelie Kroes Sections Digital Euro & Finance Section Supporters Loading... Advertising Popular Content UK ambassador’s damning final email: ‘Speak truth to power’ Polish FM calls Tusk ‘icon of evil and stupidity’ UK 'plotted to bring in pro-Brexit diplomat' above Sir Ivan Rogers' head Ciolos’ failure to save Rosia Montana disappointed many Romanians Macron: German response to refugee crisis 'saved Europe's dignity' Advertising Related Content Germany’s Commissioner apologises to MEPs for ‘racist’ speech EU top court rules against bulk retention of emails Facebook gave misleading information during WhatsApp buyout, Commission says Turkish purges exposed by Council of Europe Commission ups the pressure on Bulgaria to nominate new Commissioner Comments Leave a Reply You must be logged in to post a comment. You must be logged in to post a comment. Sort by:   newest | oldest | most voted C Hopper 02/09/2016 17:54 Certainly, the Commission is to be thanked for this helping hand in ensuring that Brexit is a success. 1  |   Hide Replies ∧ Abc123 02/09/2016 19:37 Look: Ireland will have to tax all corporations at 12,5% or reduce that rate for everyone. We need lower corporate tax rates, and a 0% rate should be the ultimate goal. What we can’t have, though, is governments letting their buddies or partners get away with special arrangements, which is blatantly discriminatory. In the future, state aid should be used to remove all discriminatory taxation – even for sectors that get buddy treatment (like shipping) and those that are punished (like stock trading in Ireland, I believe). Member states should have a right to choose the tax level, and that’s… Read more » 0  |   Hide Replies ∧ Fernando Sergio Fonseca 23/09/2016 11:58 It is absolutely amazing that a former Competition Commissioner comes now to say that special fiscal treatment to firms is not state aid. There is plenty of EC frameworks and interpretations saying exactly the opposite, i.e., that a special fiscal treatment is aid. This has nothing in liaision with fiscal sovereignty of a Member State in EU. Actually any state can adopt its own fiscal policy as regards direct fiscal to its firms. Though it has to apply to every firm incorporated in its territory without discrimanation. The Apple case is exactly the example where such benefits were given while… Read more » 0  |   Hide Replies ∧ Efficacité et Transparence des Acteurs Européens 1999-2016. EurActiv.com plc | Terms and Conditions | Contact us Follow us: EurActiv Network About EurActiv Concept & Objectives Editorial Mission Submit an Opinion The Brief EurActiv.com plc Media Partners & Network EurActiv’s Partners Media Innovation Projects Press Office EurActiv Readership EurActiv Surveys Press Releases EurActiv Netiquette Other FAQs Communication Services EurActiv Events Corporate Services EurActor Membership Multimedia Services EU Projects Advertise JobSite, Agenda & PR Post A Job Latest Jobs Post Your Event Post Your PR Fondation EurActiv About Fondation EurActiv Yellow Academy Moderations Internships Efficacité et Transparence des Acteurs Européens 1999-2016. EurActiv.com plc | Terms and Conditions | Contact us
BIoT CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video TV anchor says live on-air 'Alexa, order me a dollhouse' – guess what happens next FBI let alleged pedo walk free rather than explain how they snared him Could YOU survive a zombie apocalypse? Uni eggheads say you'd last just 100 days That's the way the Cook, he stumbles: Apple CEO pay cut as sales tank Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH WD slims down SSD to squeeze into little Black drive range Yep. Bitcasa's called it quits Meet the Tesla of the backup world – Datos IO (no, it doesn't make boxes that catch fire) Vendors flash smartphone storage in Vegas Microsoft goes retro with Vista, Zune-style Windows Neon makeover Fedora 25: You've got that Wayland feelin', oh, that Wayland feelin' Google nukes ad-blocker AdNauseam, sweeps remains out of Chrome Web Store How the NYE leap second clocked Cloudflare – and how a single character fixed it FBI let alleged pedo walk free rather than explain how they snared him CIA director AOL email hacker coughs to crime Ransomware sleazeballs target UK schools 3... 2...1... and 123-Reg hit by DDoSers. Again IT ops doesn't matter. Really? HPE: We're 'opening floodgates' for Synergy orders... a year after launch The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Splunk: Why we dumped Perforce for Atlassian's Bitbucket of Gits CloudByte chews on Elastistor, sinks teeth into OpenEBS Google's Grumpy code makes Python Go ClusterHQ? More like Clusterfscked: Cluster bombs, says it came to market too early Policy The Channel That's the way the Cook, he stumbles: Apple CEO pay cut as sales tank Former car rental biz staff gave customers' details to phone pests Routes taken by UK prosecutors over supply of modified TV set-top boxes Switzerland says Uber's an employer, sends social security bill TV anchor says live on-air 'Alexa, order me a dollhouse' – guess what happens next BOOST! LEGO's computing future and its ground-breaking past TCL vows to keep BlackBerry alive 5G? Pff, don't bother, says one-time Ofcom man's new book SPB Geek's Guide Could YOU survive a zombie apocalypse? Uni eggheads say you'd last just 100 days Elon's SpaceX gets permission to blow up another satellite or two Fatal genetic conditions could return in some 'three-parent' babies NASA plans seven-year trip to Jupiter – can we come with you, please? Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Cache flush: AI poker bot to compete against top players in tourney Building IoT: Early Bird Ticket Offer Extended Robo-supercar hype biz Faraday Future has invented something – a new word for 'disrupt' Dotdot. Who's there? Yet another IoT app layer Verity Stob Slim pickings by the Biggest Loser: A year of fitness wearables Forget aircraft – now cretins are laser-blinding ferry boat crewmen Hapless scouser scours streets for lost Crimble drone Assange confirmed alive, tells Fox: Prez Obama 'acting like a lawyer' More like this Apple Ireland Ec Tax Business The Channel When Irish eyes are filing: Ireland to appeal Europe's $15bn Apple tax claw-back Get your hand out of the Cooky jar, says Cabinet Black eye ... Irish finance minister Michael Noonan promises to fight EC decision over Apple back taxes 2 Sep 2016 at 17:51, Kieren McCarthy The Irish government formally decided to appeal the European Commission's $14.5 billion back-tax demand on Friday. "There are some very important principles at stake in this case," said the country's finance minister Michael Noonan. "A robust legal challenge before the courts is essential to defend Ireland's interests." "The full amount of tax was paid in this case and no state aid was provided. Ireland did not give favorable tax treatment to Apple," he added. The cabinet decision was unanimous, Noonan said, but the issue itself has sparked a heated discussion among politicians. Deputy leader of opposition party Sinn Fein, Mary Lou McDonald, said the decision to allow Apple to pay such little tax "demonstrates an absolute disregard and disdain for citizens, fair play and tax justice." Parliament will be reconvened next week for a special session to debate the matter. The EC, for its part, has said it will defend its ruling in court. Competition commissioner Margrethe Vestager said on Friday: "All of us benefit when businesses pay their fair share of tax. It's not in the interest of the individuals and businesses who do pay tax, if others aren't paying their share." Good deal Earlier this week, the EC determined that a tax arrangement between the electronic giant and Irish tax authorities – which saw Apple move the bulk of its profits to a company that existed only on paper – amounted to illegal state aid. The two-year investigation claimed that Apple had paid a tax rate of just 0.005 per cent in 2014, and calculated that the company owed €13bn ($14.5bn) in back taxes. Both Apple and the Irish tax authorities strongly disputed the claim, arguing that there were no special circumstances and that Apple had paid the full amount of tax owed. While the Irish establishment stands by its arrangement, politicians and citizens are less enamored with the arrangement, particularly since the Irish government has imposed tight spending restrictions for nearly a decade following the financial crisis. The huge amount owed has drawn a wide range of comparisons with the money spent on other government services, such as its national health service. Ireland already has one of Europe's lowest corporate tax rates – 12.5 per cent – leading many large US corporations to set up their European headquarters in the country. Apple has stored a significant proportion of its revenue and profits in the country as a way of avoiding what it says would be an effective 40 per cent tax rate if it brought it back into the United States. Apple has been pushing the US government for some time to lower that rate in order for it to "repatriate" the hundreds of billions it holds outside the country; although earlier this week CEO Tim Cook said during an interview about the EC tax demand that he would start bringing some of it back into the country. A spokesperson later "clarified" that he was assuming that the US government would lower its rate later this year. ® Sponsored: Achieving rapid delivery of high quality software with continuous delivery Tips and corrections 72 Comments Whitepapers The 2016 study on the insecurity of privileged users For purposes of this research, privileged users include database administrators, network engineers, IT security practitioners and cloud custodians Can Machine Learning Prevent Application Downtime? Nimble Labs report outlining the top causes of the app-data gap. The value of content APIs in modern application development Platform as a service (PaaS) originally referred to programming environments that allowed the construction and operation of applications on the Web. Your top 5 cloud Data challenges solved The cloud s changing everything, Its transforming IT orgnisations with agility and efficiency like never before, enabling them to realise new IT as a service delivery models. Most read Insane blackhats behind world's most expensive ransomware 'forget' to backup crypto keys Google's big Spanner in the works for price war against AWS Hacker: Lol, I pwned FBI.gov! Web devs: Nuh-uh, no you didn't Google gives up YOUR private data to US govt – but won't hand over its OWN staff personal info Ransomware scum: 'I believe I'm a good fit. See attachments' Spotlight Broadcom would certainly be broader with Brocade on board EMC Dell deal: They're loved up and living together, but whose house rules? NSA, GCHQ and even Donald Trump are all after your data British jobs for British people: UK tech rejects PM May’s nativist hiring agenda Big Mickey Dell is wrong: Cloud ain't going to eat all of IT Will Microsoft's nerd goggles soar like an Eagle, or flop like a turkey? First look at Windows Server 2016: 'Cloud for the masses'? We'll be the judge of that Rage-making, anxiety-inducing tech distributors: An ode Sponsored links New from Avere - Cloud-Enabled Data Center for Dummies. Download now Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › world › europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development UK home US politics world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Tax havens The Observer Why Apple’s low-tax deal is no blueprint for Brexit Britain The sweetheart tax deals offered by Ireland to the global corporate elite are coming to an end – because they are not sustainable, politically or socially Apple is going ahead with a major expansion of its European headquarters in Cork, southern Ireland, despite the EU ruling that it must pay back €13bn in taxes plus interest. Photograph: Paul Faith/Getty Fintan O'Toole Saturday 3 September 2016 19.04 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close One of the islands that makes up Papua New Guinea is called New Ireland. But it seems that a much colder island far to the north might also wish to be called New Ireland – the island formerly known as Great Britain. In the wake of the European commission’s ruling that Ireland must reclaim €13bn plus interest in taxes from Apple, there is a good deal of excitement at the prospect of a post-Brexit Britain replacing its smaller neighbour in the affections of tax-shy global corporations. As the Daily Telegraph put it in an editorial: “If Ireland and the EU do not want a huge, wealth-creating firm doing business in their territory, Apple will be very welcome in the UK.” Welcome, that is, to use the UK as it has previously used Ireland – as a compliant state that will look the other way while vast profits pass through, untaxed. It is, on the surface, an appealing prospect. You only have to walk around Dublin or Cork to see that Ireland’s tax regime has been a honeypot for all the hottest digital corporations – not just the long-established ones like Apple, Microsoft and Intel but the entire new wave of internet behemoths: Google, Facebook, Twitter and so on. And the same is broadly true in other areas such as pharmaceuticals and medical devices. Little Ireland has a stock of US direct investment much larger than France and Germany combined. Ireland is the number one location worldwide for investment by US chemical and pharmaceutical companies and number two for IT companies. And no one thinks those corporations are attracted by the scenery. For the more excitable elements among the Brexiters, the EU’s ruling on Apple’s tax bill thus opens up a delirious prospect. The Brussels bureaucrats are moving against Ireland’s vigorously pro-business taxation policies, but Britain, when it throws off the shackles of the EU, will be free to swoop in and grab the golden eggs from the Irish nest. Apple and Pfizer, Facebook and Google, driven by EU persecution from the emerald isle, will seek asylum in the New Ireland next door, where the writ of the Eurocrats does not run and the government knows how to treat a corporation with the respect it deserves. Could there be any more dramatic illustration of both the evils of the EU and the thrilling possibilities of Brexit? There are, however, two small questions about this strategy. Is it possible? And is it desirable? The answers might perhaps curb the enthusiasm of the true believers. There is, for a start, the small matter of whether, even after the EU tax ruling, Apple wants to leave Ireland for the UK or anywhere else. The answer could hardly be clearer – it doesn’t. In an interview with Ireland’s national broadcaster RTE, chief executive Tim Cook was full of indignation at the very idea that Apple might have benefited from illegal state aid in the form of a sweetheart tax deal. “When you are accused of doing something that’s so foreign to your values, it brings out an outrage in you, that’s how we feel,” he said. He made clear that Apple will appeal against the €13bn ruling and that it expected the Irish government to do the same. Those listening out for signs of a dismay that might be exploited by post-Brexit Britain will have been encouraged – up to a point. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tim Cook, chief executive officer of Apple, has said that the company will keep investing in Ireland. Photograph: Bloomberg/Getty And the point at which the encouragement stopped was when Cook discussed Apple’s intentions. What will Apple do in benighted EU-ridden Ireland? Keep investing. He reaffirmed without qualification that Apple was going ahead with a major expansion of its campus in Cork: “We’re very committed to Ireland, have been for 37 years. We have a long-term romance together.” So why on earth would Apple remain in Ireland instead of taking refuge in the brave new post-Brexit world of low-tax Britain? Partly because tax, even for greedy corporations, isn’t everything. And partly because Apple is smart enough to know that the kind of outrageous dodge that resulted in a tax rate in 2014 for its Irish-based subsidiary of 0.005% is not sustainable – in Ireland, Britain or any other democratic society. Though market fundamentalists find it hard to believe, even global corporations need social relationships. Will they exploit every possible loophole to maximise their profits? Yes – ruthlessly and without conscience. But is the ability to dodge tax the sole criterion they apply to their decisions to invest? No. As Cook acknowledged: “We went into Ireland in 1980. We didn’t go there to seek advantages on taxes – we had only 60 employees and very little revenue.” This reassurance explains why public and political opinion in Ireland has been more ambivalent about the Apple ruling than the establishment consensus would suggest. The big right-of-centre parties, Fine Gael and Fianna Fáil, have backed Apple to the hilt and tried to rally the public by warning that accepting the unpaid taxes would drive multinational investors away. But most people seem to understand that it’s not so simple. The choice between colluding in morally obnoxious tax avoidance on the one hand and facing economic chaos on the other does not ring true. The Brexiters’ fantasy of stealing Ireland’s corporate investors relies on a deeply patronising attitude to Ireland. Underlying it is the notion that no foreign company would possibly invest in Ireland for any other reason than its lax attitude to taxation. But there are a lot of other reasons – a highly skilled and productive workforce, cultural vitality, political stability and (oddly enough) membership of the European Union with full access to the world’s biggest single market. The obsession of giant corporations with avoiding tax does not blind them to their need for the social, political and cultural resources on which they draw. This is not just a matter of theory. A crucial point easily lost in the noise of the EU’s Apple ruling is that the regime under which it could avoid so much tax has already changed. The notorious “double Irish” strategy used by Apple and other corporations to make themselves stateless for taxation purposes is being dismantled. Market fundamentalists would tell us that corporations will respond to this tightening of the tax regime by fleeing Ireland. Actually, they’ve responded by paying more tax: Ireland took in €6.9bn in corporation tax last year compared with €4.6bn in 2014 when the abolition of the “double Irish” was announced. And why was the Irish corporate tax regime made tougher? Not because of the EU but because of an organisation the Brexiters seem not to have heard of: the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD). It is the OECD, not the EU, that has driven attempts to clean up the worst excesses of corporate tax avoidance. (One way of seeing the severity of the Apple ruling is as an attempt by the EU to regain the initiative on an issue of such global consequence.) The UK is a member of the OECD and has signed up to these anti-tax avoidance strategies. Unless Britain wants to go completely rogue and leave the OECD as well as the EU, the fantasy of luring companies such as Apple with the virtual impunity from taxation they used to enjoy in Ireland could not be fulfilled. So much for the possibility of becoming the New Ireland – what about the desirability? Would it be good for Britain if it were to try to emulate Ireland’s strategy of relying on foreign investment and attracting it by becoming, in effect, a tax haven for the largest corporations? The key point about Ireland’s Faustian pact with global corporations is that it was a strategy of desperation. The country sold its soul in the 1960s because it had a stagnant agricultural economy. Indigenous industrial development was slow and weak, Ireland was an economic vassal of the UK and mass emigration was bleeding the country dry. Giving global corporations massive tax breaks wasn’t an ideological principle – it was a last resort when pretty much everything else had failed. This matters in the British context because it explains why very low corporation taxes could operate in Ireland without creating social conflict. The corporate devil gave the Irish Faust a pretty good price for his soul: a way of moving from backwardness to modernity. But Britain has a radically different economic, social and political history. Transplanting a policy that worked for very specific reasons in Ireland into post-Brexit Britain would show scant regard for the nature of either country. Ireland has had to live with the consequences of its particular choice. One of them is what US economist Paul Krugman recently called “leprechaun economics”. Krugman coined the phrase in response to the news that the Irish economy grew by an incredible 26.3% in 2015. Literally incredible – the figures are massively inflated by the fiscal juggling of the giant corporations. Irish GDP is meaningless. There is a vast gulf between the real economy and the kind of hyped-up faux-economy you get when you turn your state into a conduit for torrents of funny money. And that hype is not harmless – the Celtic Tiger bubble was one of its more catastrophic products. It is not accidental that Ireland has the most unequal distribution of market income (before tax and welfare) in the developed world. In effect, there are two Irish economies: the foreign corporate economy that is highly skilled, ultra-globalised and very favourably treated by the state; and a weaker indigenous economy that exists in its shadow. One of the consequences of this extreme inequality of market income is that the state has to do an enormous amount of heavy lifting through the income tax and welfare systems to keep these divisions in check. This activist state is hardly what the British right expects it will get if it follows the Irish model. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Steve Jobs, left, the co-founder of Apple, visiting the technology ­company’s new factory in Hollyhill, County Cork, in 1980. Apple has had operations in Ireland for 37 years. Photograph: Irish Examiner And here, surely, is the fatal contradiction in the notion of a post-Brexit Britain that will combine huge tax benefits for the corporate few with Theresa May’s promise of social justice for the many. The more honest voices urging Britain to replace Ireland as the new best buddy of the global corporations recognise that radical cuts to corporate taxes would have to be matched by drastic reductions in personal taxes because otherwise rage at grossly unequal treatment would destabilise society and politics.Hence the final paradox: giving the corporations what they want on tax means not giving them what they need in every other respect. The general low tax regime in this brave new Britain would be delightful for the likes of Apple – except when they want a terrific educational system to produce their smart workforce, a national health service to keep them healthy, a decline in social inequality to keep the political environment stable and lots of public investment in world-class infrastructure. And for those things they need big government funded by high taxes – on somebody else. It is pure delusion to think that the smartest corporations will be drawn to a Britain not only outside the single European market but no longer raising enough tax to invest in its society, services and infrastructure. Ireland is discovering that the game of beggar-my-neighbour tax policies is pretty much up. Inside or outside the EU, Britain will have to join Ireland and the rest of Europe in telling the corporations that, if they want to operate in civilised societies, they have to help pay for them. Fintan O’Toole is a columnist with the Irish Times FIAT Facebook Twitter Pinterest Photograph: AFP/Getty Images In 2015 the European commission ruled that the Italian carmaker’s financing company had paid taxes on profits that had been underestimated. The commission found that Fiat Finance and Trade, which is based in Luxembourg and provides financial services, such as intra-group loans, to other Fiat group car companies, engaged in “many different transactions with Fiat group companies in Europe”. Its investigation showed that a tax ruling by the Luxembourg authorities gave a selective advantage to Fiat Finance and Trade, which had allowed it to reduce its tax burden by between €20m and €30m since 2012. Fiat insisted its dealings merely amounted to a clarification of pricing rules and did not constitute state aid, but it was ordered to repay £25.5m. MCDONALD’S Facebook Twitter Pinterest Photograph: AFP/Getty Images In May, the French headquarters of the global fast-food chain was raided by tax officials who seized financial documents as part of an ongoing investigation. The company’s finances have been in the spotlight since last year, following claims that it struck a deal with the Luxembourg authorities to significantly reduce its tax bill on European sales. Following the raid, a spokesperson for McDonald’s said: “From 2010 to 2014, the McDonald’s companies paid more than €2bn just in corporate taxes in the European Union, with an average tax rate of almost 27%.” AMAZON Facebook Twitter Pinterest Photograph: Reuters In 2013 it was revealed the online giant had paid only £10m in UK corporation tax, despite sales in Britain reaching £4.3bn. The commission is scrutinising Amazon’s 2003 tax deal with Luxembourg: Brussels believes it may have allowed Amazon’s European headquarters to lock in a preferentially low tax rate. However, Amazon says it does not receive preferential treatment from Luxembourg. It also insists that it is not based in the duchy – where it has more than 1,000 employees – primarily for tax reasons. STARBUCKS Facebook Twitter Pinterest Photograph: Bloomberg via Getty Images The US coffee chain has said that it has not made a profit in the UK over 15 years despite cumulative sales of £2bn. Up to 2012, it had paid corporation tax of only £8.6m. In 2015, the commission ruled Starbucks had to repay £22.8m of what were described as “illegal” tax breaks. An investigation by the commission showed that a tax ruling issued by the Dutch authorities in 2008 gave a selective advantage to Starbucks Manufacturing in the Netherlands – the company’s European coffee roasting operation – which enabled it to reduce its tax burden. BELGIUM-LINKED MULTINATIONALS In January, the commission concluded that selective tax advantages granted by Belgium under its “excess profit” tax scheme were illegal. The scheme was found to have benefited at least 35 multinationals, which were ordered to return unpaid taxes – estimated to be worth around €700m – to Belgium. Among those required to comply with the order were brewing giant Anheuser-Busch InBev, German chemicals giant BASF, and BP. Jamie Doward More features Topics Tax havens EU referendum and Brexit European Union Foreign policy Ireland More… Europe Tax and spending Tax avoidance Corporate governance Apple Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments more on this story Corporation tax is on a downward trend, says OECD report As eight industrialised nations cut their rates, policy is seen as aggressive attempt to chase GDP growth after banking crisis Published: 22 Sep 2016 Corporation tax is on a downward trend, says OECD report Let them eat granola: Peter Mandelson's industrial strategy John Crace He relishes a select committee hearing like few others, but then he is blessed with no memory of ever having made a mistake Published: 15 Dec 2016 Let them eat granola: Peter Mandelson's industrial strategy Ireland may not get Apple's €13bn back taxes in full, EU says Tech firm can could cut payments to Dublin if other member states demand a slice or it pays more to US parent company Published: 19 Dec 2016 Ireland may not get Apple's €13bn back taxes in full, EU says Irish finance minister stands firm on Apple tax deal in budget speech Michael Noonan pledge that Ireland’s 12.5% corporate tax rate ‘will not be change’ goes down well in Cork, home to Apple’s HQ Published: 11 Oct 2016 Irish finance minister stands firm on Apple tax deal in budget speech The Guardian view on industrial policy: consistency, not catchphrases Published: 9 Oct 2016 The Guardian view on industrial policy: consistency, not catchphrases Private landlords get £9.3bn in housing benefit from taxpayer, says report Published: 20 Aug 2016 Private landlords get £9.3bn in housing benefit from taxpayer, says report Apple tax ruling must be overturned, says US business group Published: 16 Sep 2016 Apple tax ruling must be overturned, says US business group The chancellor talked about strong medicine. Time to dish it out Phillip Inman Published: 9 Oct 2016 The chancellor talked about strong medicine. Time to dish it out More more on this story most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world selected UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video World › Tax havens Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Reuters BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Political? Mais oui, of course, EU insiders say of Apple case Reuters Sep. 3, 2016, 2:57 PM 197 facebook linkedin twitter email print An Apple logo is seen in the window of an authorised apple reseller store in Galway Thomson Reuters By Alastair Macdonald and Foo Yun Chee BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The European Commission denies that its shock demand that Apple Inc. hand 13 billion euros in back taxes to Ireland is, in the pungent phrase of Apple CEO Tim Cook, "total political crap".     But, say senior EU officials involved, the decision certainly has a strong political element, even if Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager says she is confident her case will stand up to Cook's appeal on its legal merits alone.     Brussels' political target is less corporate America than eurosceptics at home who threaten to pull the EU apart if it fails to show alienated voters it can act in their interests.     "Being political should not be confused with politicized," said a spokeswoman for Commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker. For him, fighting tax avoidance had been a "top priority" since before he took over the EU executive two years ago, she said.     "The drive towards fairer taxation is in President Juncker's political guidelines," she said. At the same time, Vestager is an "entirely independent" enforcer of EU competition law, she added.     Efforts under way, including in the United States, to clamp down on tax avoidance are political in the sense that all states, with budgets under strain, face pressure from voters to claw back cash from other people, preferably wealthy companies, tax experts and government officials say.     For European Union institutions, the struggle is less for money -- Apple's cash will go to Ireland if Vestager wins her case. What Brussels is fighting for is the EU's very survival against eurosceptics like the Brexiteers who persuaded Britons to quit the bloc in June.     Those populists, on left and right, from the UK Independence Party to France's National Front or 5-Star in Italy, have scored with voters by accusing the EU and the executive Commission of cosying up to big, global business against the little people.     "Apple shows how you fight against populism," a senior EU official familiar with the Commission chief's thinking told Reuters, describing a two-pronged strategy directed by Juncker.     One part of the strategy is a push for new global tax rules, led by EU Commissioner for Economic Affairs Pierre Moscovici, a French Socialist former finance minister. The other part rests on punishing the worst past abusers to deter others. Vestager says the goal is to change corporate culture so that businesses anxious for their reputation stop trying to pay as little tax as possible and choose to pay "the right amount". On Juncker's political goal, he won government backing in Paris and Berlin. And many European media also welcomed the Apple move. Le Monde, leftish voice of establishment France and critic of Juncker's low-tax policies when he was premier of Luxembourg, said he had shown "the zeal of the newly converted". "Europe is changing," it wrote. "Bravo, Monsieur Juncker."     SHOWING VOTERS EU CARES     "The EU’s message is clear," Juncker wrote for a G20 meeting in China this weekend. "All companies must pay their fair share.     "This is first and foremost a question of fairness. It has urgent practical implications as well. We cannot let down our schools, hospitals and public services that need this money."     The $14.5-billion demand which angered the United States and worried Apple's peers was engineered for shock and awe, the EU official said. Juncker sees Vestager as what the EU president calls his "Rottweiler", he added. Apple and the Irish government say Vestager is rewriting the iPhone maker's quarter-century of history in Ireland. Apple denies that Dublin gave it tax breaks amounting to illegal state aid.     What has changed is the politics. The financial crisis has impoverished Western governments just as footloose young tech firms became hugely rich without paying much tax anywhere. U.S. Senate revelations about Apple in 2013 fueled public anger and, with some irony, prompted the EU to start inquiries.     Juncker's own history has also played a part. A conservative prime minister of Luxembourg for 19 years, he helped transform it from industrial rustbowl to a financial hub its bigger neighbors saw as helping businesses deprive them of revenues.     Weeks after taking over the Commission in late 2014, he faced calls to resign when deals between Luxembourg and global corporates were splashed in world media as the LuxLeaks affair.     He denied involvement but, aides say, the uproar helped galvanize Juncker for a tax crackdown he had already promised.     Driving his pledge to run a "political Commission" to reconnect with voters alienated by out-of-touch, technocratic elites in Brussels was a fear that his five-year term was, in his words, the "last chance" to save the Union from break-up.          LEGAL UNDERPINNINGS     "It's political in the sense that, if the Commission is prioritizing the allocation of its resources, then clearly tax evasion and tax avoidance are very high on the political agenda everywhere," said Sophie in 't Veld, deputy leader of the centrist group in the European Parliament. "This is something that citizens are rightly and understandably concerned about."     That political approach, Brussels officials stress, does not mean capricious or lacking legal basis. Vestager is clear she must win in court on some untested points of law against the best tax attorneys Silicon Valley and Washington can buy, and against EU member state Ireland.     Asked about Cook's comments to an Irish newspaper about the EU's "political" motives, she said: "I don’t think the courts will hear any kind of political opinions or feelings or what’s in your stomach or whatever. They want the facts of the case."     LISTEN, THEN BITE     Some EU officials think the anger of Cook and U.S. officials at the historic scale of the tax demand may partly stem from underestimating Vestager's uncompromising character.     Tall, courteous and soft-spoken, she is a woman who takes trouble to greet captains of industry by the lift and escort them back to her office, often then serving them coffee herself. It may wrong-foot those used to more confrontational politicians and executives. She is a listener rather than a talker.     "There are some people who are very loud ... but ... it is very important to have a very, very, very open ear to those who are not loud," the former economy minister and liberal party leader told Reuters on taking office two years ago.     People who work with her say she listens closely to career officials on her staff -- much more than did her Spanish predecessor Joaquin Almunia, a professional economist.     One U.S. tech giant to feel a change of approach after 2014 was Google, with whom Almunia worked for years to reach a compromise over concerns about its market dominance. Since last year, Vestager has hit Google with three separate charges.     She also put an end to hesitation in Brussels by launching a price fixing case against Russian gas giant Gazprom last year.     Most current state aid tax cases, including Apple, were launched by Almunia but competition experts question whether he would have come to Vestager's radical conclusion. Almunia's own predecessor Neelie Kroes, now at another Silicon Valley darling Uber, said this week the Dane had gone too far against Apple. Some observers believe Vestager, a professional politician since her student days, may be tempted to use cases to raise her profile and further greater ambitions. She says not.     Predecessors have also taken on Washington, among them Mario Monti, later Italy's prime minister, who blocked a mega-merger between GE and Honeywell in 2001 despite U.S. support for it, and Kroes, who slapped heavy fines on Microsoft in 2008. There may be more to come, Vestager says. Her 800 staff are looking at about 1,000 inquiries where firms may have gained an edge by cutting tax deals with governments seeking investment. A pastor's daughter, Vestager summed up her political credo in the 2014 interview with Reuters: "I was brought up with a very strong value," she said. "That you should always protect the few and the small against those who want to misuse their muscle." (Writing by Alastair Macdonald; Editing by Jon Boyle) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2016. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House Fight for Syria's Aleppo exposes limits of Russian air power European privacy regulators to scrutinize WhatsApp privacy switch Transplant recipients who resume smoking have shorter survival More: Reuters facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Political? Mais oui, of course, EU insiders say of Apple case Political? Mais oui, of course, EU insiders say of Apple case By Alastair Macdonald and Foo Yun CheeBRUSSELS... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » Keep tabs on the latest from Business Insider in our new Chrome Extension More "BI Innovations" » Get Reuters Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Preview Why Big Brands Need the Outlet of an Outlet Malls and department stores may be struggling, but outlet shopping has never been so popular. How low prices became fashionable. September 3, 2016 Review | Dates to Watch For | Follow Up | U.S. Economic Calendar | Consensus Estimates | Coming Earnings | Coming U.S. Auctions | Malls and department stores are struggling of late, but there’s a port in the retail storm: those far-off outlet centers full of discounted ware. Some 26% of Americans made the trek to an outlet mall in July 2016, according to data from Cowen & Co., matching the highest level since the firm’s survey... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. 3 Undervalued Blue Chips Set to Thrive This Year Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. The Party Could Stop at Buffalo Wild Wings This Year Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Tesla Misses the Mark Again Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. CVS Has an Edge on Walgreens Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. The Best Retail Stocks That Investors Can Buy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Stockpicker's Delight 2 3 Undervalued Investments for the Year Ahead 3 How to Make Your Christmas Bonus Work for You Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › opinion home US politics world opinion selected sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Tax and spending Opinion The Observer view on global reform of corporate tax Observer editorial No significant economy has achieved growth by slashing tax on big business The EU has consistently pushed for greater transparency on the way companies pay tax. Photograph: Dado Ruvic/Reuters Saturday 3 September 2016 19.03 EDT Last modified on Saturday 17 September 2016 13.06 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close For too long, global corporations have been able to use elaborate avoidance mechanisms to get out of paying their fair share of corporate tax. So last week’s ruling from the European commission that the Irish government must recoup €13bn (£11bn) in back taxes from Apple should be unreservedly welcomed. Apple, which the European commission revealed paid an effective corporation tax rate of just 0.005% on its European profits in 2014, is far from the only culprit. Amazon paid just £11.9m in tax in the UK by routing its £5.3bn of British sales through its Luxembourg subsidiary. Google similarly paid just £20.4m tax despite UK sales of £3.8bn in 2013. At the root of the problem is the out-of-date international tax system, developed almost a century ago. Over time, it has become increasingly exploited by multinationals to shift profits to tax havens: in 2012, US multinationals shifted more than a quarter of their profits to avoid tax. In the meantime, the share of government revenue from corporation tax has fallen in countries such as the US and the UK. These arrangements may be strictly legal, but they fail basic tests of economic and social justice. The bigger a company, the more aggressive it can be in lobbying tax authorities. In Apple’s case, it struck a deal with the Irish government that allowed it to allocate its European profits to a shell company not registered for tax in any country. This is not only unfair to smaller companies that have to pay tax; it is bad for economic growth, allowing corporate giants to entrench their position, impeding innovation and competition. Tax avoidance breaks a fundamental social contract: companies that draw on public investment in skills and infrastructure to make vast profits should put something back. Why should Amazon make barely any contribution to Treasury coffers while its vans use UK roads and it employs workers whose education was paid for by the British taxpayer? Even worse, these tech giants extract profit without paying tax in some of the world’s poorest countries. The answer ultimately lies in wholesale reform of international tax rules, so that multinationals are obliged to pay tax based on some measure of economic activity in each country, whether sales, employment or assets. But while there have been some fledgling steps in the right direction by the OECD, the body responsible for international tax rules, we remain a long way from such a comprehensive reform. International tax reform remains subject to lobbying by powerful corporate interests, meaning it is proceeding at a glacial pace. The EU has played a more activist role: it was at the forefront of important rule changes that cracked down on global tax avoidance in the late 1990s and the European parliament has consistently pushed for greater transparency. The commission has developed proposals for reforms that would see companies pay tax relative to the level of economic activity in each EU country. Its proposals illustrate how international co-operation can increase a country’s tax sovereignty. By developing international agreement around the principle, companies pay tax on the basis of their economic activity, taxed in a way and at a rate to be determined by national governments; this system avoids countries getting trapped in a race to the bottom on corporation tax. It takes power away from corporations and puts it back in the hands of the nation state. The great irony is that just as the EU is starting to make inroads on this issue, Britain has voted to leave, based on old-fashioned arguments about national sovereignty that make little sense in the modern world. Global challenges such as tax avoidance, climate change and microbial resistance are borderless and cannot be addressed by nations acting alone. In light of this, perhaps it is unsurprising that some of the most vocal proponents of Britain leaving the European Union have argued that the Irish approach of low corporation tax and sweetheart deals could provide a model for the UK economy post-Brexit. Despite George Osborne’s noises about a new “march of the makers”, the Irish approach is a direction in which we have been quietly heading for some time. His time at the Treasury was marked by steady cuts to corporation tax – at great expense – at the same time as the government cut investment allowances and subsidies for R&D. The government has done precious little to pursue tax avoidance domestically and has been a significant block to international tax reform at the OECD and EU. Theresa May and Philip Hammond have done little to signal that they will deviate from this approach. But it is a blind alley for Britain. As Fintan O’Toole argues elsewhere in this newspaper, the Irish approach was a strategy of last resort for a tiny economy in dire straits. It could not work for Britain. No significant economy has achieved growth by slashing corporation tax: countries that have enjoyed the greatest economic success have done so by creating the conditions in which high-growth businesses can flourish, driving innovation and creating jobs. And the world is changing as we move towards greater tax transparency and companies are more aware than ever of the reputational damage of avoiding tax. Moreover, is this really the future we want for British business in a Brexit world? One that is based on attracting corporate giants with accounting fiddles designed to help them cheat not just our near neighbours, but developing countries, out of their fair share of tax. Not to mention cheating Britons and the state by deliberately reducing the amount they pay to the state, money that will be lost to our roads, schools, hospitals. As O’Toole makes clear, in an age of inequality and financial uncertainty, this approach is not tenable. We are witnessing a rise in populist anger precisely because “elites” are seen to be playing by different rules. Fairness is at the heart of a stable society. It is not at the heart of Apple’s tax deal in Ireland. More editorials Topics Tax and spending Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments more on this story Google pays €47m in tax in Ireland on €22bn sales revenue Company filings in Dublin show taxable profits of €341m after global tech giant recorded administrative expenses at €16.9bn Published: 4 Nov 2016 Google pays €47m in tax in Ireland on €22bn sales revenue Ireland may not get Apple's €13bn back taxes in full, EU says Tech firm can could cut payments to Dublin if other member states demand a slice or it pays more to US parent company Published: 19 Dec 2016 Ireland may not get Apple's €13bn back taxes in full, EU says Irish finance minister stands firm on Apple tax deal in budget speech Michael Noonan pledge that Ireland’s 12.5% corporate tax rate ‘will not be change’ goes down well in Cork, home to Apple’s HQ Published: 11 Oct 2016 Irish finance minister stands firm on Apple tax deal in budget speech Apple tax ruling not an attack on US, says European commission chief Jean-Claude Juncker says EU decision to hit Apple with €13bn tax bill was not unfair attempt to single out US firms Published: 4 Sep 2016 Apple tax ruling not an attack on US, says European commission chief Apple tax ruling must be overturned, says US business group Published: 16 Sep 2016 Apple tax ruling must be overturned, says US business group 'Political crap': Tim Cook condemns Apple tax ruling Published: 1 Sep 2016 'Political crap': Tim Cook condemns Apple tax ruling Amazon and Starbucks 'pay less tax than a sausage stand', Austria says Published: 2 Sep 2016 Amazon and Starbucks 'pay less tax than a sausage stand', Austria says Why Apple’s low-tax deal is no blueprint for Brexit Britain Published: 3 Sep 2016 Why Apple’s low-tax deal is no blueprint for Brexit Britain More more on this story most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion selected sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion selected sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Opinion › Tax and spending Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Saturday, January 07, 2017 9:46 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 29°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Opinion Taking sides on Apple and Ireland Sunday September 4, 2016 7:00 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Galette des Rois New Year treat The Edit: A new year hit for Topman The Edit: Club Tropicana homage for George The Edit: Street Light-Up in Singapore Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Andy West is a sports, culture and politics writer originally from the UK and now living in Barcelona. Follow him on Twitter at @andywest01. SEPTEMBER 4 — There are always, they say, two sides to a story. It’s certainly possible to draw wildly differing conclusions from this week’s news that tech giant Apple has been ordered by the European Commission to pay the Irish government back taxes of 13 billion euros, after being found guilty of consistently avoiding taxes over the last decade. On one side of the coin, it’s quite easy to be outraged by the revelation that a prosperous and democratic government has colluded with one of the world’s best-known and richest companies to dodge enormous sums of taxes. Firstly, we could allege that the Irish government’s policy of attracting investment by offering low tax rates to multinationals is unforgivably unethical. Tackling tax evasion is difficult enough when faraway island states and small principalities such as the Cayman Islands, Bermuda, Luxembourg and Monaco are determined to bolster their riches by acting as tax havens to the global financial elite. In such an awkward climate, which can only be addressed by large organisations such as the European Union taking a unified stance, the last thing that’s needed is one of the EU’s own member states effectively negating all that hard work by turning itself into a tax haven. Apple can also be easily condemned for sullying its reputation and betraying its position of trust as a much-loved and respected brand by wilfully escaping its financial obligations over such a prolonged period. The American company, which has never been shy to criticise its eternal rival Microsoft for anti-competitive practices, has now been found guilty of doing exactly that by using its size, power and success as a tool to extract an unjust business deal. The digital age has seen Apple become one of the most recognisable and profitable companies in the world. With that kind of success comes responsibility, among the most important of which is paying the same rate of taxes that are demanded of other businesses and, indeed, individual people. But then there’s the other side of the story, in which Ireland and Apple can be presented as an unfairly maligned innocent party. People waiting outside the Apple store in Covent Garden in London August 30, 2016. — AFP picThe Irish government, we can argue, is simply trying to do the best for its people. It is a country which has known much hardship and poverty over the years and faces many natural disadvantages due to its location on the western fringes of the European continent. Encouraging major corporations to conduct their business in a country like Ireland is not easy, and individual governments within the EU have perfect liberty to devise their own tax laws. If that liberty involves lowering corporate tax rates to attract big multinational companies, who can create jobs and prosperity, that is their prerogative — especially when, as in the case of Ireland, those policies have been implemented transparently and with the assent of voters. Similarly, we can say that Apple are only doing what any successful company would and should do to maximise its profitability. Brilliant efficiency is one of the main reasons that Apple has been so successful in producing and selling its hugely popular phones, tablets and computers which have, without any exaggeration, significantly changed the way millions of people all over the world live their lives. Apple is such a massive company because, in a highly competitive environment, it is really, really good at what it does. That includes research and development, design, marketing and all the other aspects of running a business. One of those aspects is accounting, and it would be naïve in the extreme for us to think that Apple would insist on the highest possible standards in everything it does but then not bother to ensure its finance department gets the best deal available for the company. Apple do not set tax laws: they merely take advantage of them. And if doing that means they end up paying lower taxes, we shouldn’t be outraged because it leads to direct benefits for investors, who receive higher dividends, and even consumers, who will be able to buy better quality and cheaper products if the company reinvests its profits into maintaining its high standards. So it’s possible to occupy either side of the fence. You can either condemn the Irish government and Apple guilty as charged, regarding them as callously contributing to the significant global problem of corporate tax evasion by cynically pursuing their own personal concerns ahead of those of the wider international community. Or you can defend them by arguing they are merely looking after their own interests as any government or corporation should, and taking advantage of legal means to become as successful as they can. I guess you could take either position, depending upon your political persuasion. But even as I type the words, the latter arguments in Ireland and Apple’s defence seem to be disingenuous. I’m not even convincing myself. In the modern globalised world, there is increasingly less room for narrow self-interest. Apple knows better than anyone that we are all now connected, with old national and international boundaries counting for increasingly little. In that environment, all major organisations — whether they are political or commercial entities — have a responsibility, not just to look after their own interests but also to do the right thing for the world as a whole. Defining “right” is, of course, very complex, but I don’t think anybody would classify exploiting legal loopholes within that category. The Irish government and Apple can explain and claim and self-justify as much as they want, but could they really look themselves in the mirror and tell themselves they are doing the right thing? Publicly, they are both mounting a strong campaign of denial, eager to tell — and sell — their side of the story. But I suspect their consciences might say something quite different. * This is the personal opinion of the columnist.                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week When local universities make our children stupid Miami Dolphins on improbable playoffs adventure My favourite horror films of 2016 Should Malaysia ban campaigns based on race and religion? What should we make of the Ipoh daredevil stunt? When local universities make our children stupid A Malaysia for all Why the need for segregated buses Should Malaysia ban campaigns based on race and religion? The hypocrisy of Malay Muslims Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Multiple people dead in Florida airport shooting Jason Momoa stars in ‘Frontier’ Reuters Video: Trump orders Obama's envoys out by inauguration day Reuters Video: Nunes stuns challenger Rousey with first-round title win Reuters Video: Man survives Turkey nightclub attack by pretending to be dead HD video of earth from space will make your heart ache Related Articles Apple pulls New York Times app in China after government request (VIDEO) Apple partner Wistron seeks to expand smartphone parts plant in India, govt official says Apple appeals landmark EU tax ruling Ireland accuses EU of exceeding power in Apple tax case Nintendo in risky mobile games push with paid Super Mario launch on iPhones (VIDEO) Advertisement What You Think More No need to throw accusations at Jakim over McDonald’s — Narinder Pal Singh In defence of BR1M, a reply to TK Chua — Khairul Azwan Harun Jom naik MRT! — Tunku Zain Al-’Abidin Step outside comfort zone to stay afloat — Lim Sue Goan Learning from the achievers — Sin Chew Daily Redistributive economic policy in the form of BR1M — Khairul Azwan Harun MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
ISSN 2330-717X Home News Opinion Analysis Business Social Religion Entertainment Environment Technology Health European Commission Rules Ireland Gave Illegal Tax Benefits To Apple Worth Up To €13 Billion Source: European Commission By Eurasia Review September 3, 2016 The European Commission has concluded that Ireland granted undue tax benefits of up to €13 billion to Apple. This is illegal under EU state aid rules, because it allowed Apple to pay substantially less tax than other businesses. Ireland must now recover the illegal aid. Commissioner Margrethe Vestager, in charge of competition policy, said, “Member States cannot give tax benefits to selected companies – this is illegal under EU state aid rules. The Commission’s investigation concluded that Ireland granted illegal tax benefits to Apple, which enabled it to pay substantially less tax than other businesses over many years. In fact, this selective treatment allowed Apple to pay an effective corporate tax rate of 1 per cent on its European profits in 2003 down to 0.005 per cent in 2014.” Following an in-depth state aid investigation launched in June 2014, the European Commission has concluded that two tax rulings issued by Ireland to Apple have substantially and artificially lowered the tax paid by Apple in Ireland since 1991. The rulings endorsed a way to establish the taxable profits for two Irish incorporated companies of the Apple group (Apple Sales International and Apple Operations Europe), which did not correspond to economic reality: almost all sales profits recorded by the two companies were internally attributed to a “head office”. The Commission’s assessment showed that these “head offices” existed only on paper and could not have generated such profits. These profits allocated to the “head offices” were not subject to tax in any country under specific provisions of the Irish tax law, which are no longer in force. As a result of the allocation method endorsed in the tax rulings, Apple only paid an effective corporate tax rate that declined from 1% in 2003 to 0.005% in 2014 on the profits of Apple Sales International. This selective tax treatment of Apple in Ireland is illegal under EU state aid rules, because it gives Apple a significant advantage over other businesses that are subject to the same national taxation rules. The Commission can order recovery of illegal state aid for a ten-year period preceding the Commission’s first request for information in 2013. Ireland must now recover the unpaid taxes in Ireland from Apple for the years 2003 to 2014 of up to €13 billion, plus interest. In fact, the tax treatment in Ireland enabled Apple to avoid taxation on almost all profits generated by sales of Apple products in the entire EU Single Market. This is due to Apple’s decision to record all sales in Ireland rather than in the countries where the products were sold. This structure is however outside the remit of EU state aid control. If other countries were to require Apple to pay more tax on profits of the two companies over the same period under their national taxation rules, this would reduce the amount to be recovered by Ireland. Apple’s tax structure in Europe Apple Sales International and Apple Operations Europe are two Irish incorporated companies that are fully-owned by the Apple group, ultimately controlled by the US parent, Apple Inc. They hold the rights to use Apple’s intellectual property to sell and manufacture Apple products outside North and South America under a so-called ‘cost-sharing agreement’ with Apple Inc. Under this agreement, Apple Sales International and Apple Operations Europe make yearly payments to Apple in the US to fund research and development efforts conducted on behalf of the Irish companies in the US. These payments amounted to about US$ 2 billion in 2011 and significantly increased in 2014. These expenses, mainly borne by Apple Sales International, contributed to fund more than half of all research efforts by the Apple group in the US to develop its intellectual property worldwide. These expenses are deducted from the profits recorded by Apple Sales International and Apple Operations Europe in Ireland each year, in line with applicable rules. The taxable profits of Apple Sales International and Apple Operations Europe in Ireland are determined by a tax ruling granted by Ireland in 1991, which in 2007 was replaced by a similar second tax ruling. This tax ruling was terminated when Apple Sales International and Apple Operations Europe changed their structures in 2015. Apple Sales International Apple Sales International is responsible for buying Apple products from equipment manufacturers around the world and selling these products in Europe (as well as in the Middle East, Africa and India). Apple set up their sales operations in Europe in such a way that customers were contractually buying products from Apple Sales International in Ireland rather than from the shops that physically sold the products to customers. In this way Apple recorded all sales, and the profits stemming from these sales, directly in Ireland. The two tax rulings issued by Ireland concerned the internal allocation of these profits within Apple Sales International (rather than the wider set-up of Apple’s sales operations in Europe). Specifically, they endorsed a split of the profits for tax purposes in Ireland: Under the agreed method, most profits were internally allocated away from Ireland to a “head office” within Apple Sales International. This “head office” was not based in any country and did not have any employees or own premises. Its activities consisted solely of occasional board meetings. Only a fraction of the profits of Apple Sales International were allocated to its Irish branch and subject to tax in Ireland. The remaining vast majority of profits were allocated to the “head office”, where they remained untaxed. Therefore, only a small percentage of Apple Sales International’s profits were taxed in Ireland, and the rest was taxed nowhere. In 2011, for example (according to figures released at US Senate public hearings), Apple Sales International recorded profits of US$ 22 billion (c.a. €16 billion[1]) but under the terms of the tax ruling only around €50 million were considered taxable in Ireland, leaving €15.95 billion of profits untaxed. As a result, Apple Sales International paid less than €10 million of corporate tax in Ireland in 2011 – an effective tax rate of about 0.05% on its overall annual profits. In subsequent years, Apple Sales International’s recorded profits continued to increase but the profits considered taxable in Ireland under the terms of the tax ruling did not. Thus this effective tax rate decreased further to only 0.005% in 2014. Apple Operations Europe On the basis of the same two tax rulings from 1991 and 2007, Apple Operations Europe benefitted from a similar tax arrangement over the same period of time. The company was responsible for manufacturing certain lines of computers for the Apple group. The majority of the profits of this company were also allocated internally to its “head office” and not taxed anywhere. Commission assessment Tax rulings as such are perfectly legal. They are comfort letters issued by tax authorities to give a company clarity on how its corporate tax will be calculated or on the use of special tax provisions. The role of EU state aid control is to ensure Member States do not give selected companies a better tax treatment than others, via tax rulings or otherwise. More specifically, profits must be allocated between companies in a corporate group, and between different parts of the same company, in a way that reflects economic reality. This means that the allocation should be in line with arrangements that take place under commercial conditions between independent businesses (so-called “arm’s length principle”). In particular, the Commission’s state aid investigation concerned two consecutive tax rulings issued by Ireland, which endorsed a method to internally allocate profits within Apple Sales International and Apple Operations Europe,two Irish incorporated companies. It assessed whether this endorsed method to calculate the taxable profits of each company in Ireland gave Apple an undue advantage that is illegal under EU state aid rules. The Commission’s investigation has shown that the tax rulings issued by Ireland endorsed an artificial internal allocation of profits within Apple Sales International and Apple Operations Europe, which has no factual or economic justification. As a result of the tax rulings, most sales profits of Apple Sales International were allocated to its “head office” when this “head office” had no operating capacity to handle and manage the distribution business, or any other substantive business for that matter. Only the Irish branch of Apple Sales International had the capacity to generate any income from trading, i.e. from the distribution of Apple products. Therefore, the sales profits of Apple Sales International should have been recorded with the Irish branch and taxed there. The “head office” did not have any employees or own premises. The only activities that can be associated with the “head offices” are limited decisions taken by its directors (many of which were at the same time working full-time as executives for Apple Inc.) on the distribution of dividends, administrative arrangements and cash management. These activities generated profits in terms of interest that, based on the Commission’s assessment, are the only profits which can be attributed to the “head offices”. Similarly, only the Irish branch of Apple Operations Europe had the capacity to generate any income from trading, i.e. from the production of certain lines of computers for the Apple group. Therefore, sales profits of Apple Operation Europe should have been recorded with the Irish branch and taxed there. On this basis, the Commission concluded that the tax rulings issued by Ireland endorsed an artificial allocation of Apple Sales International and Apple Operations Europe’s sales profits to their “head offices”, where they were not taxed. As a result, the tax rulings enabled Apple to pay substantially less tax than other companies, which is illegal under EU state aid rules. This decision does not call into question Ireland’s general tax system or its corporate tax rate. Furthermore, Apple’s tax structure in Europe as such, and whether profits could have been recorded in the countries where the sales effectively took place, are not issues covered by EU state aid rules. If profits were recorded in other countries this could, however, affect the amount of recovery by Ireland (see more details below). Recovery As a matter of principle, EU state aid rules require that incompatible state aid is recovered in order to remove the distortion of competition created by the aid. There are no fines under EU State aid rules and recovery does not penalise the company in question. It simply restores equal treatment with other companies. The Commission has set out in its decision the methodology to calculate the value of the undue competitive advantage enjoyed by Apple. In particular, Ireland must allocate to each branch all profits from sales previously indirectly allocated to the “head office” of Apple Sales International and Apple Operations Europe, respectively, and apply the normal corporation tax in Ireland on these re-allocated profits. The decision does not ask for the reallocation of any interest income of the two companies that can be associated with the activities of the “head office”. The Commission can only order recovery of illegal state aid for a ten-year period preceding the Commission’s first request for information in this matter, which dates back to 2013. Ireland must therefore recover from Apple the unpaid tax for the period since 2003, which amounts to up to €13 billion, plus interest. Around €50 million in unpaid taxes relate to the undue allocation of profits to the “head office” of Apple Operations Europe. The remainder results from the undue allocation of profits to the “head office” of Apple Sales International. The recovery period stops in 2014, as Apple changed its structure in Ireland as of 2015 and the ruling of 2007 no longer applies. The amount of unpaid taxes to be recovered by the Irish authorities would be reduced if other countries were to require Apple to pay more taxes on the profits recorded by Apple Sales International and Apple Operations Europe for this period. This could be the case if they consider, in view of the information revealed through the Commission’s investigation, that Apple’s commercial risks, sales and other activities should have been recorded in their jurisdictions. This is because the taxable profits of Apple Sales International in Ireland would be reduced if profits were recorded and taxed in other countries instead of being recorded in Ireland. The amount of unpaid taxes to be recovered by the Irish authorities would also be reduced if the US authorities were to require Apple to pay larger amounts of money to their US parent company for this period to finance research and development efforts. These are conducted by Apple in the US on behalf of Apple Sales International and Apple Operations Europe, for which the two companies already make annual payments. Finally, all Commission decisions are subject to scrutiny by EU courts. If a Member State decides to appeal a Commission decision, it must still recover the illegal state aid but could, for example, place the recovered amount in an escrow account pending the outcome of the EU court procedures. Background Since June 2013, the Commission has been investigating the tax ruling practices of Member States. It extended this information inquiry to all Member States in December 2014. In October 2015, the Commission concluded that Luxembourg and the Netherlands had granted selective tax advantages to Fiat and Starbucks, respectively. In January 2016, the Commission concluded that selective tax advantages granted by Belgium to least 35 multinationals, mainly from the EU, under its “excess profit” tax scheme are illegal under EU state aid rules. The Commission also has two ongoing in-depth investigations into concerns that tax rulings may give rise to state aid issues in Luxembourg, as regards Amazon and McDonald’s. This Commission has pursued a far-reaching strategy towards fair taxation and greater transparency and we have recently seen major progress. Following our proposals on tax transparency of March 2015, Member States reached a political agreement already in October 2015 on automatic exchange of information on tax rulings. This legislation will help to bring about a much greater degree of transparency and deter from using tax rulings as an instrument for tax abuse. In June 2015, we unveiled our Action Plan for fair and effective taxation: a series of initiatives which aims to make the corporate tax environment in the EU fairer and more efficient. Key actions included a framework to ensure effective taxation where profits are generated and a strategy to re-launch the Common Consolidated Corporate Tax Base for which a fresh proposal is expected later this year. The Commission launched a further package of initiatives to combat corporate tax avoidance within the EU and throughout the world on 27 January of this year. As a direct result, Member States have already agreed to tackle the most prevalent loopholes in national laws that allow tax avoidance to take place and to extend their automatic exchange of information to country-by-country reporting of tax-related financial information of multinationals. A proposal is also on the table to make some of this information public. All of our work rests on the simple principle that all companies, big and small, must pay tax where they make their profits. The non-confidential version of the decisions will be made available under the case number SA.38373 in the State aid register on the DG Competition website once any confidentiality issues have been resolved. The State Aid Weekly e-News lists new publications of State aid decisions on the internet and in the EU Official Journal. [1]       Based on historical exchange rates TOPICS:AppleCorporateEconomicsEuropean UnionIreland Previous post Next post Be the first to comment on "European Commission Rules Ireland Gave Illegal Tax Benefits To Apple Worth Up To €13 Billion" Leave a comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website Search for: Home About Editorial Staff Authors and Partners Contact Submit an Article Privacy Policy And Terms Of Use Recent Articles January 6, 2017 Islamic State Leader Killed In Syria In Airstrike January 6, 2017 India-Pakistan: Line (Out) Of Control? – Analysis January 6, 2017 Islamic State Violence Fuels Culture Wars And Widens Generation Gaps – Analysis January 6, 2017 An Impasse In SAARC – Analysis January 6, 2017 A Call For Strategic, Basin-Wide Energy Planning In Laos – Analysis January 6, 2017 Nepal: In A Messy State? – Analysis January 6, 2017 China’s Strategic Access To Gwadar Port: Pivotal Position In Belt And Road – Analysis January 6, 2017 Will Security Council Resolution 2322 Strengthen Multilateral Cooperation In Counter-Terrorism? – Analysis Recent Comments Nguyen Ai Quoc on China-Pakistan Economic Corridor: Should India Worry? – Analysis Sami Shahid on India, Afghanistan And Heart Of Asia: Reading Between Lines – Analysis Vinod on Exploitation Of NSG’s Nuclear Waiver By India – OpEd Syedpk on China-Pakistan Economic Corridor: Should India Worry? – Analysis Teimuraz Kancheli on For Georgia GEENTRANCE Is Coming! – OpEd Eurasia Review Newsletter Copyright 2017 | By Eurasia Review (ISSN 2330-717x) This popup will close in: Please Support Eurasia Review   Eurasia Review does not receive financial support from any institution, corporation or organization. We are truly independent. Your contributions allow Eurasia Review to continue operating. Please consider donating today.   Signup for Eurasia Review's FREE newsletter CLOSE
Toggle navigation NEWS Sections Politics Irish Voice Irish Echo Community Nuzhound Featured: Popular: Ryan jokes about Irish pig thieves and horse thieves 80 Syrian refugees to be housed in small Roscommon town US Ambassador to Ireland must leave before Trump inauguration Scientists in Ireland make autism breakthrough Irishman attempts to rob Canadian bank by crashing car through frontdoor OPINION Sections Niall O'Dowd Cahir O'Doherty Kayla Hertz Other Writers Featured: Popular: The best and worst moments in Irish America these past 37 years Trump's perfect pick for Ambassador to Ireland Anniversary of the 1976 Kingsmill massacre where IRA gunned down ten innocents 1916 Rising hero John Devoy and the "Cuba Five" released on this day Nollaig na mBan – Women’s Christmas is celebrated in Ireland today BUSINESS Sections Startups Influencers Featured: Popular: A quiet revolution is taking place In Tramore, Co. Waterford Overseas companies employ almost 200,000 in Ireland ROOTS Sections History Genealogy Irish America Featured: Popular: The Irish legend of the leprechaun and the King of Ulster An untold story of six Irish-American brothers who fought in WWII The American Civil War through the eyes of an Irish photographer The ancient music and instruments of Ireland (PHOTOS) Photos of the Titanic survivors after the great Belfast ship sank TRAVEL Sections Best of Ireland Travel Tips Moving to Ireland Featured: Popular: Top ten adventure vacations in Ireland Stunning drone footage lets you fly like a bird over Cork (VIDEO) From archaeological gems to stunning strolls - exploring Ireland's beauty (PHOTOS) Ireland's top oldest and most charming pubs (PHOTOS) The top ten locations for that perfect Irish wedding CULTURE Sections Craic Entertainment Food & Drink Education Featured: Popular: Sausage rolls with Ballymaloe sauce recipe Maureen O’Hara’s County Cork home bought by UK couple (PHOTOS) Irish food board’s smoked salmon on potato cakes recipe Breakfast! Irish potato cakes with bacon, eggs and mojo sauce recipe (VIDEO) Homemade alcoholic McDonald's Shamrock Shake recipe Shop Search Subscribe Sign In facebook twitter instagram Close HOME NEWS All News Politics Irish Voice Irish Echo Community Nuzhound OPINION All Opinion Niall O'Dowd Cahir O'Doherty Kayla Hertz Other Writers BUSINESS All Business Startups Influencers ROOTS All Roots History Genealogy TRAVEL All Travel Best of Ireland Travel Tips Moving to Ireland CULTURE All Culture Craic Entertainment Food & Drink Education SHOP Apple must pay Ireland $14.5 billion in unpaid taxes rules EU James O’Shea @IrishCentral August 30, 2016 05:25 AM 340SHARES / Apple status in Ireland unclear after company accused of tax evasion.Getty Images Ireland has been told by the European Union that it must recover $14.5 billion from people in unpaid taxes from Apple. Ireland does not want to recoup the taxes as it puts their special deal for multinationals in peril and the government have vowed to fight the decision. The finding was publicized by the European Union’s competition arm in a landmark ruling. The EU stated that Apple had been given preferential treatment by the Irish state and estimated that Apple were only paying one percent taxation far below the 12.5 percent Ireland claimed. The Irish payback was 5,500 jobs in Ireland and the European headquarters of the greatest brand name in the tech industry. That may now be in jeopardy. However, Tim Cook, the Chief Executive Officer of Apple, published an open letter, earlier today on the company's site, reiterating its "committment" Ireland. Cook wrote "The European Commission has launched an effort to rewrite Apple’s history in Europe, ignore Ireland’s tax laws and upend the international tax system in the process." He added "The Commission’s move is unprecedented and it has serious, wide-reaching implications. It is effectively proposing to replace Irish tax laws with a view of what the Commission thinks the law should have been. This would strike a devastating blow to the sovereignty of EU member states over their own tax matters, and to the principle of certainty of law in Europe." His open letter ended saying "We are committed to Ireland and we plan to continue investing there, growing and serving our customers with the same level of passion and commitment. We firmly believe that the facts and the established legal principles upon which the EU was founded will ultimately prevail." Read more Irish tech news here Apple were effectively paying taxation on almost all their profits in Europe by routing the payments for their products through Ireland where the tiny tax rate based on givebacks and special deals were allowed. The commission stated that this was achieved by channeling sales through a ‘so-called’ head office in Ireland with “no employees, no premises and no real activities,” Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said. This gives Apple a “significant advantage” over other businesses the commission found. Watch back: European Commissioner for Competition press briefing in Brussels on Apple Ireland tax probe ruling. https://t.co/3Aj51kDS5i — RTÉ News (@rtenews) August 30, 2016 “Member States cannot give tax benefits to selected companies – this is illegal under EU state aid rules,” said Vestager. “The Commission’s investigation concluded that Ireland granted illegal tax benefits to Apple, which enabled it to pay substantially less tax than other businesses over many years. In fact, this selective treatment allowed Apple to pay an effective corporate tax rate of 1 per cent on its European profits in 2003 down to 0.005 per cent in 2014.” The US authorities however were also not pleased by the massive fine which they saw as an intrusion on American business practices overseas, “As we have said, we believe that retroactive tax assessments by the Commission are unfair, contrary to well-established legal principles, and call into question the tax rules of individual Member States,” the Treasury said in a statement. “The Commission’s actions could threaten to undermine foreign investment, the business climate in Europe, and the important spirit of economic partnership between the US and the EU. We will continue to monitor these cases as they progress, and we will continue to work with the Commission toward our shared objective of preventing the erosion of our corporate tax bases. Minister for Finance Michael Noonan stated Ireland would appeal the decision "to defend the integrity of our tax system; to provide tax certainty to business; and to challenge the encroachment of EU state aid rules into the sovereign member state...” Minister Noonan disagrees profoundly with Commission on Apple https://t.co/zim7k0NOQ4 pic.twitter.com/tRyR6c28HU — Dept of Finance IRL (@IRLDeptFinance) August 30, 2016 340SHARES / Most Popular Most Recent Roots Irish baby first names that are super popular in the US Roots The mystery of Celtic and Irish symbols (PHOTOS) History Director Oliver Stone revealed who really killed John F Kennedy Travel Ireland's top oldest and most charming pubs (PHOTOS) Roots The top ten locations for that perfect Irish wedding Politics Bill Gates says Trump could lead America like JFK Culture Breakfast! Irish potato cakes with bacon, eggs and mojo sauce recipe (VIDEO) Politics Ryan jokes about Irish pig thieves and horse thieves Politics 80 Syrian refugees to be housed in small Roscommon town Travel Ireland's top oldest and most charming pubs (PHOTOS) Roots Irish baby first names that are super popular in the US Politics US Ambassador to Ireland must leave before Trump inauguration Community Move over Rudy, Notre Dame now has another unlikely Irish hero Craic Take the quiz! How well do you know the lyrics to “Danny Boy”? Comments Top of Page Search IrishCentral Search © Copyright 2017 IrishCentral LLC All rights reserved. Basics Authors Topics About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Register Sitemap Sections News Opinion Business Roots Travel Culture Irish Newsletter Subscribe to our Newsletter Email Follow Us facebook twitter google-plus linked-in rss instagram © Copyright 2017 IrishCentral LLC All rights reserved.
null
Welcome, Guest Login Register Be sure to register or log in to earn points for interacting with our community! RSS Subscribe Email News Tips Home Tech Gadgets Apple iPhone Apps Video Games Unboxing Holiday Gift Guide Entertainment Celebrity Gossip Music Movies Television Comics Sports Pro Sports Basketball Football Baseball Hockey Lifestyle Cuisine Fashion Women Politics Events CES E3 Mind Camp Personalities Andru Edwards Video Shows The Bleeding Edge The End Score Report FilmCrunch Unboxing Live! Forums Gallery About Archives Contact On Gear Live: Mario finally comes to the iPhone in Super Mario Run Latest Video: Bleeding Edge TV 603: Lightning vs. 3.5mm Headphones Challenge We compare Lightning headphones to 3.5mm models in this episode! Play Video Close Player   Episode Permalink Comment on this Video Subscribe to this show via iTunes, Miro, or RSS Download for: iPod High Definition Download: High Definition iPod Version XviD Version Subscribe: iTunes High Definition iTunes iPod Version RSS Saturday September 3, 2016 1:15 pm Bleeding Edge TV 592: ecobee3 Smart Thermostat review Tweet Posted by Andru Edwards Categories: Features, Household, Podcasts, Product Reviews, Videocasts, Videos The ecobee3 is a smart thermostat that can be controlled by the sound of your voice by way of Siri or Amazon Alexa. With Apple HomeKit and Amazon Alexa services built-in, you can simply ask one of the digital assistants to set your temperature, and it's done. With Siri, you can do it from anywhere you have an Internet connection, using any iOS device or Apple Watch! Of course, you can use it the old-fashioned way, but instead of clunky dials and knobs, the #ecobee3 has a modern touch display built in. It can also monitor the temperature in multiple rooms of your home, making sure the rooms that are occupied stay comfortable! Check out the video for my full review - I also show you how to install the ecobee3! You can pick up the ecobee3 Smart Thermostat now. Don't forget to subscribe to Gear Live's YouTube channel--also, we are giving away awesome perks for our Patreon backers - thanks for your support!   Here's how to get the show: [Download] - iPod-formatted H.264 [Download] - High Definition H.264 [Download] - MPEG-4 [Download] - MP3 Subscribe to Bleeding Edge TV… iTunes Others Standard version 720p HDTV M4V version 1080p HDTV MP4 version Video Transcript: Using voice commands to control your home is the wave of the future. I show you how you can do it today with the Ecobee3 smart thermostat. Stay tuned. The ecobee3 is a smart thermostat that connects to your home Wi-Fi network, allowing you to control the temperature from anywhere that you have an Internet connection. This isn’t new, as there are a few other devices out there that do the same thing. However, what sets the ecobee3 apart is that it has built-in support for Apple HomeKit, as well as Amazon’s Alexa. This means that you can control the ecobee3 thermostat with your voice by using Siri with an iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, or iPod touch, or an Alexa-enabled device like the Amazon Echo, Echo Dot, or Amazon Tap. And with Father’s Day around the corner, this is one you might wanna pay close attention to, because it’s that good. Inside the box you’ll find the ecobee thermostat itself, along with one room sensor with detachable stand. Aside from HomeKit capability, this is another area where ecobee stands out. The sensor is placed in a room that’s separate from where the thermostat is placed, allowing the system to monitor temperature and motion in more than one place. So if your thermostat is on the first floor, but you spend a lot of time on the second floor, the ecobee will still know that you’re home and will keep the temperature right where it should be. Alternatively, it will also save you money when you aren’t home by optimizing the temperature accordingly rather than wasting your resources and cash. You get one sensor in the box as I mentioned, but you can have up to 32 of these in your home if you’re a straight up baller. You’ll also find the Power Extender Kit, screws and drywall plugs, standard and large trim plates, a quick start guide, installation guide, wire labels, and some ecobee stickers inside the box. Since I installed it myself, I made sure to turn off the power to my heating and cooling system, because the last thing anyone is gonna accuse me of is being a handyman and I wasn’t trying to kill myself. Ecobee says it takes about 45 minutes to install, but I was up and running in about 20 minutes, and again - I’m no handyman. First thing you wanna do is get rid of whatever crappy thermostat you’re currently using, and then label your wires if they aren’t already. Mine were already labeled from when I originally installed my older Nest thermostat, so I was able to save a step there. Then you choose the trim plate that is applicable to you, and screw it in place. The ecobee back plate has a built in level which is nice, so you know that you’re orienting everything the way that it should be. From there, you plug the wires for your system into the corresponding holes. Again, keeping the wires labeled makes this a snap. I got everything plugged in, pushed the wires back into the wall, and then connected the ecobee3 thermostat, which just snapped into place without much force. At this point, installation is done, and it’s time to turn the power back on, which will start the boot up process. The touchscreen interface is nice, and it walks you through setup in a nice, intuitive way. During the process you are invited to download the ecobee3 app, which mirrors the interface of the display, making it super easy to control from afar. You also get the option of using your iOS device to quickly get the ecobee3 set up on your Wi-Fi network, as well as getting HomeKit set up as well so that you can control the thermostat with Siri. Both of these just add to the convenience of setup, and makes a novice like me feel like I know exactly what I’m doing when installing hardware on my wall. Once everything is up and running, you’re then able to control the ecobee3 in a few ways. First, directly from the built-in touchscreen. When you approach it, the ecobee3 changes from the view only interface into the interactive one, which is cool. Changing the temperature is as easy as sliding your finger up and down the right-hand side of the display. You can also get a weather forecast right on the ecobee3 as well, and of course, you can change the settings too. You can also use a smartphone app to control the thermostat, which can be downloaded from the Apple App Store or Google Play for Android. Finally, you’ve got voice control, which is the most convenient, especially when it’s hands-free. For example, you can use Siri with the Hey Siri command... …or you can use an Alexa-enabled device like the Amazon Echo... This is where most of the appeal lies for me, and having both Siri and Alexa voice control is something that no other smart thermostat to date can do. As someone who’s been building my smarthome around devices that can take advantage of both HomeKit and Alexa, the ecobee3 is the perfect smart thermostat for my home thanks to that flexibility. If you’re in the market for a smart thermostat that allows you to interface with it in multiple ways from connected devices, I think the ecobee3 is the one to get. Now I wanna know what you think. Have you started buying devices that make your home a bit smarter? Leave a comment below letting me know what you’ve outfitted your home with, or if you’re still waiting for the market to develop. If you like what you saw here and are feeling the ecobee3, do me a favor and hit that like button - and if you loved it, be sure to hit the subscribe button if you haven’t yet to stay notified of future tech reviews, tutorials, first looks, and more. Big shout out to ecobee for sending this one over, and if you wanna see more on the ecobee3, be sure to check out my #DreamTeam brethren as we all took the ecobee3 for a spin. I’ll leave a link to the playlist where you can check out all the videos on the description below. Thanks for watching as always guys - your support is greatly appreciated! Until next time, I’m Andru Edwards and I’ll catch you in the next video. You can also find us on: Twitter: Gear Live - Andru Edwards Facebook: Gear Live - Andru Edwards Google+: Gear Live - Andru Edwards Instagram: Gear Live - Andru Edwards Pinterest: http://pinterest.com/andru Tumblr: http://andru.tumblr.com Related Tags: andru, andru edwards, ecobee, ecobee vs nest, ecobee3, ecobee3 homekit review, ecobee3 review, ecobee3 smart thermostat, gear live, home automation, homekit, homekit thermostat, how to install ecobee3, smart home, smart thermostat review Tools: Permalink Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Comments (0) Forum Discussion Email this story Related Entries   Advertisement Forum Discussion Come join the discussion on this topic over on the Gear Live message boards. You need to be a member to participate, so sign up if you haven't already - it's free!    • Reply to this forum thread Comments: Be the first to comment Advertisement Commenting is not available in this weblog entry. Commenting is not available in this weblog entry. Featured Stories Bleeding Edge TV 594: Amazon Kindle Oasis review Bleeding Edge TV 589: HTC 10 camera review Bleeding Edge TV 588: HTC 10 review Recent Galleries Categories Accessories Announcements Apple Broadband Cameras Cell Phones CES Wearables Corporate News Design Editorial Features Google GPS Handhelds HDTV Home Entertainment Hot Deals Household Internet Microsoft Misc. Tech Mods / Hacks Movies Music PC / Laptop Peripherals Podcasts Portable Audio / Video Product Reviews Science Software Storage Toys Transportation Video Games Videocasts Videos Wireless / WiFi Advertisement Site Links Home Search GearLive RSS Feeds Popular Archive Terms of Use Privacy Policy Report a Website Bug All About Gear Live About Us & Contact How GearLive Works FAQs Jobs at GearLive Gear Live Tools Check out the Gear Live Touls that let you integrate Gear Live into your site. Advertise You can buy advertising on Gear Live through our advertising partner Federated Media. Gear Live Social Check us out on: Facebook YouTube Twitter MySpace Blip.tv Gear Live Store New! Get Gear Live hats, shirts, hoodies and more at the new GearLive Store, coming soon. © Gear Live Media, LLC. 2007 – User-posted content, unless source is quoted, is licensed under a Creative Commons Public Domain License. Gear Live graphics, logos, designs, page headers, button icons, videos, articles, blogs, forums, scripts and other service names are the trademarks of Gear Live Inc. Gear Live Presents: Gear Live Most Recent Most Clicks Google Pixel vs. Nexus 6P: Which is the Better Android Smartphone? Keeping your devices and info secure this holiday season (and win a trip!) Vizio M50-D1 4K HDR TV SmartCast display review SLEEPTRACKER Watch Review Mod Your XBOX Without a Mod Chip Flash on iPhone is just around the corner Gear Live Presents: Bleeding Edge TV Most Recent Most Clicks Bleeding Edge TV 603: Lightning vs. 3.5mm Headphones Challenge Bleeding Edge TV 602: Sennheiser Momentum 2.0 headphones review Bleeding Edge TV 601: Ghostek Atomic 2.0 Galaxy S7 case review Bleeding Edge TV 179: How To Mod Your iPhone on Windows Using iBrickr Bleeding Edge TV 190: How to Replace Your iPhone Battery Bleeding Edge Byte 025: Melting Hard Drives With Thermite Gear Live Presents: PlayFeed Most Recent Most Clicks Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes Is a Surprisingly Great Mobile Game Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas is fun, but Xbox 360 HD remaster is rough Humble Mozilla Bundle lets you play awesome games without leaving your browser E3 2005: Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi Impressions Xbox 360 Controller for Windows Installation Images Apparently That Xbox 360 Red Light of Doom Problem Hasn’t Been Fixed Gear Live Presents: Unboxing Most Recent Most Clicks Unboxing Live 196: Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Unboxing Live 195: HP Elite X2 Unboxing Live 194: HTC 10 Carbon Gray Xbox 360 Messenger Kit Unboxing Gallery Xbox 360 Halo 3 Special Edition Unboxing Gallery The T-Mobile Sidekick 3 Unboxed Gear Live Presents: TV Envy Most Recent Most Clicks Katie Holmes Almost Landed ‘OITNB’ Role Conan O’Brien Still Rivals with Jay Leno TV Scoop: ‘Malefiftycent,’ Gillian Jacobs on ‘Girls,’ ‘True Blood’ Tidbits Vanessa Hudgens Admits to Nude Photo Kelly Clarkson Snubs American Idol Idol Producers, Judges Speak Out About Antonella Barba Pics Gear Live Presents: Film Crunch Most Recent Most Clicks The Interview now available, $5.99 to rent, $14.99 to buy “Crazy In Love” Was the “Perfect Fit” for ‘50 Shades’ Trailer Samuel L. Jackson Shocked by Harrison Ford’s Set Accident Mr. Skin Lists Greatest Nude Scenes in New Book Review: Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Celebrity Double-Take: Amy Adams vs. Isla Fisher Gear Live Presents: Endscore Most Recent Most Clicks EndScore Report: NFL Week 3 Predictions EndScore Report: Mariano Rivera sets MLB Saves record EndScore Report: In Your Face, Deon Grant and DeAngelo Hall James Blake’s Girlfriend, Jennifer Scholle, Makes it to Maxim Magazine Cold Pizza’s Dana Jacobson is Single American League Fantasy Notes:  A.L. East Gear Live Presents: Dropping Dimes Most Recent Most Clicks First Look: Tuesday, March 17 First Look: Friday, March 13 First Look: Thursday, March 12 Do Not Draft Amare Stoudemire! My PFS Experts League Team Dropping Dimes Draft Blog: Round 1, Pick 7 Gear Live Presents: Food Squeeze Most Recent Most Clicks Alton Brown presents his sumptuous ‘Grilled Grilled Cheese’ [Video] Yelp names the top 100 places to eat in the US 3 steps to easily remove pomegranate seeds A Guide To Different Apple Types Apple Nutrition Facts Fresh Beet Salad Recipe Gear Live Presents: Venturus Most Recent Most Clicks Tumblr user numbers in massive freefall Twitter finally allows you to mute your friends The Problem with Facebook [Video] Get Your phpBB Forums Indexed Blog Business Summit: 10 Ways To A Killer Blog Blog Business Summit: What’s Next In Online Communication? Home Tech Entertainment Sports Lifestyle Events Video Shows Personalities Forums Gallery About Archives Contact
Skip to content Toggle navigation Home News Politics National World Security Business & Economy D.C. Local Faith & Family Inside Politics Inside the Beltway Inside the Ring Technology Entertainment Accountability Special Reports Communities Obituaries Just the Headlines Trump Central Photo Galleries Video Opinion Opinion Main Commentary Editorials Letters Pruden on Politics David Keene Tammy Bruce Charles Hurt Newt Gingrich Madison Gesiotto Cal Thomas Mercedes Schlapp Tim Constantine Matt Mackowiak Water Cooler Books Cartoons Communities Behind the Curtain U.S.-Russia Crosstalk Sports Sports Main Redskins Football Baseball Basketball NCAA Tennis Golf Hockey Soccer Horse Racing NASCAR & Racing Market Weekly Ads Classifieds Advertise With Us Ad Payment Play Sudoku Crossword Puzzle Quizzes Tyndale Today Democratic Republic of the Congo Faith at Work Show Some Love International Leadership Conference Celebrating Freedom Decade of Leadership: Ban Ki-moon Subscribe Social Media Connect with us: Widgets Dow: / NASDAQ: / S&P 500: Book Travel Subscribe Classifieds Weekly Ads SearchSearch Keyword: Preferences Connect with us: Politics Trump gets payback againt Kasich with oust... Politics U.S. intelligence says Putin wanted to dam... Politics Congress gets another chance to pass ̵... Politics Trump says election wasn’t hacked, d... Politics Democrats fall short in bid to stymy Trump... Politics Longtime GOP Rep. Sam Johnson of Texas ann... Politics Nancy Pelosi: Objections to Donald Trump&#... Politics Donald Trump demands probe of NBC over Rus... Politics Michelle Obama, in final speech, praises i... Local D.C. mayor tells Congress: Obamacare repea... Home Culture ‘Hide It Hillary’ mobile app game banned by Apple; titles like ‘Punch Trump’ approved Company: ‘I absolutely believe there’s a double standard’ SearchSearch Keyword: Recommended IRS prioritized Obamacare over taxpayer customer service, IG report says Former DOJ lawyer says Jeff Sessions was right to prosecute controversial voter fraud case Best NFL quarterbacks of all time — ranked Democrats’ strategy to snarl nominations: Demand more information These celebrities are devoutly Christian — and you probably didn't realize it How To: Fix Your Fatigue And Get More Energy Commentary Wesley Pruden Terrorism made easy when nobody’s looking Charles Hurt Rolling out the red carpet for hackers Mercedes Schlapp Donald Trump needs to build trust with the intel prosView all Question of the Day Who do you trust? Question of the Day   U.S. intelligence community   WikiLeaks   Neither   View results Story TOpics Politics Technology_Internet Hillary Clinton Search Yellow Pages Popular Searches   Apartments in Washington   Attorneys in Washington   Auto Dealers in Washington   Auto Parts in Washington   Auto Repair in Washington   Beauty Salons in Washington   Car Rental in Washington   Dentists in Washington   Doctors in Washington   Flowers in Washington   Hotels in Washington   Insurance in Washington   Loans in Washington   Mortgages in Washington   Movers in Washington   Pizza in Washington   Realtors in Washington   Restaurants in Washington   Storage in Washington   Tax Preparation in Washington   Travel in Washington   Featured   More... Then-Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton checks her Blackberry from a desk inside a C-17 military plane upon her departure from Malta, in the Mediterranean Sea, bound for Tripoli, Libya, on Oct. 18, 2011. (AP Photo/Kevin Lamarque, Pool, File) ** ... more > View Comments Print By Douglas Ernst - The Washington Times - Friday, September 2, 2016 Apple’s App Store seems to have been caught protecting Hillary Clinton from political satire games while allowing titles like “Punch Trump” onto the digital retail platform. A new game called “Hide it Hillary” originally was denied access to Apple’s App Store because company gatekeepers said it “includes content that could be considered defamatory or mean-spirited.” The same vetting process allowed titles like “Punch Trump,” “Slap Donald Trump,” and “Smack a Trump” into the marketplace. The conservative website Heat Street reported Friday that “Hide it Hillary,” which is now available on Google Play for Android devices, does not condone violence or even feature the former secretary of state’s image. Instead, users are tasked with putting documents into a “laptop, server, shredder, or closet.” A day after the Heat Street report, the app was available for 99 cents at the iTunes store and had garnered multiple 5-star reviews by Sunday night. “I absolutely believe there’s a double standard with Apple in the sense that they have defamatory and mean-spirited Trump games available for download but none for Hillary,” developers Ansem Omega Solutions told Heat Street. “I can’t imagine we are the first developers to experience this type of bias. In fact, one of the main reasons we chose to develop a Hillary app is because there were no Hillary apps whatsoever in the store 6 months ago when we began developing.” The independent developers said getting approved with Google took less than one hour, while Apple’s denial came after an eight-hour wait. Mrs. Clinton’s presidential campaign has been dogged for months over her handling of government documents as secretary of state. FBI Director James Comey said July 5 that an investigation into the secret email server inside her New York home revealed a woman who was “extremely careless” with the nation’s most sensitive documents. “From the group of 30,000 emails returned to the State Department, 110 emails in 52 email chains have been determined by the owning agency to contain classified information at the time they were sent or received,” Mr. Comey said. “Eight of those chains contained information that was Top Secret at the time they were sent; 36 chains contained Secret information at the time; and eight contained Confidential information, which is the lowest level of classification. Separate from those, about 2,000 additional emails were ‘up-classified’ to make them Confidential; the information in those had not been classified at the time the emails were sent.” Mr. Comey ultimately did not recommend Mrs. Clinton be prosecuted by the Department of Justice, and U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch publicly dropped the case on July 7. Copyright © 2017 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.blog comments powered by Disqus   Click to Read More Click to Hide Top Stories The ‘most transparent’ president in history issues record number of ‘midnight’ regulations Congress wants to know why the FBI ‘denied or was going to deny’ a security clearance for Ben Rhodes Obamas throwing themselves a big White House farewell party Donald Trump touts himself as ‘ratings machine’ compared to Arnold Schwarzenegger Obama: I’ll back GOP health plan if it’s better than mine 21 best guns for home protection Donald Trump: Mexico will repay U.S. for border wall Obamacare cracks show as 13 Dems say they could vote to reform health law Planned Parenthood could drag down 6 Democrats in vulnerable Senate seats: Poll Chris Berman, ESPN mainstay, stepping down from NFL studio role Celebrity spawn: Stunning daughters of famous celebrity couples Don Lemon: Chicago torture video suspects are victims of ‘bad home training’ Nancy Pelosi, allies prep for war over Obamacare, Planned Parenthood Bang for your buck: Best handguns under $500 Jenna Jameson, newly Jewish, launches anti-Islam rant: ‘I don’t care about your false prophet’ ‘Guccifer,’ Clinton-tied hacker, doubts claims concerning Russian cyber campaign: Report All grown up: Child stars who made it big Army to give troops ability to quickly create 3-D printed drones for recon Newsletters  Daily  Weekly  Pruden on Politics Terms of Use / Privacy Policy Find us on Facebook The Washington Times Sports Opinion Find us on Twitter The Washington Times Politics Opinion Nation World D.C. Local Culture Sports Books Photos Subscribe Classifieds E-edition Customer Service Careers Terms Privacy Marketing RSS Advertise About Contact All site contents © Copyright 2017 The Washington Times, LLC|3600 New York Avenue NE | Washington, DC 20002 |202-636-3000 × Hard-Hitting News and Conservative Commentary Be the first to know No thanks Breaking Alerts Daily News
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Frozen apple pie — Ireland to challenge EU ruling on Apple’s $14.5 billion tax bill "Envy across EU about how we’ve established so many HQs in Dublin," claims minister. Jennifer Baker (UK) - Sep 3, 2016 9:23 pm UTC Enlarge Paul Faith/AFP/Getty Images reader comments 221 Share this story Irish ministers confirmed on Friday, after days of talks, that they will appeal against the European Union's Apple tax ruling. Earlier this week, Ireland was ordered by the European Commission, the executive arm of the EU, to reclaim €13 billion plus interest in back taxes from Apple. Further ReadingApple could bring home billions in taxes if US passes a tax holiday The issue initially threatened to split the government with independent ministers saying they were reluctant to challenge the decision. On Tuesday, the EU’s competition chief Margrethe Vestager said that a two-year investigation into so-called sweetheart tax deals in 1991 and 2007 had found Apple guilty of receiving illegal state aid from Ireland. It had allowed Apple to pay an effective corporate tax rate of one percent on its European profits in 2003, down to as low as 0.005 percent in certain years, according to Vestager. Enlarge / Apple's boss Tim Cook has accused the EU of "total political crap" over its tax arrangements with Ireland. Andrew CunninghamApple has vehemently disputed the claim and said it will appeal against the ruling. The Irish government has similarly denied any wrongdoing. Immediately after Vestager revealed her decision, Finance minister Michael Noonan said Ireland must launch an appeal against it. But independent ministers resisted and the cabinet failed to reach agreement on Wednesday. On Friday afternoon a compromise was finally reached during a short cabinet meeting. Ireland will appeal against the ruling that it had supplied illegal state aid worth €13 billion to Apple, but—in a concession to reluctant MPs—an independent review of the tax treatment of multinationals in the country will take place. The Dáil, which is the lower house of the Irish parliament, will meet next Wednesday to approve the plan, Noonan said. "Our appeal will be founded on advice and documentation of the attorney general," added Noonan. He claimed "no preferential treatment" had been dished out to Apple. Further ReadingCook slams EU Apple tax case as “total political crap”—antitrust boss hits back"Apple constructed it's company to use the tax regime. Any company could have done the same. This is an intrusion beyond the competence of the commission," he said. Irish Minister for public expenditure Paschal Donohoe expressed concern about the impact of the decision on jobs and the economy. The nature of the ruling was unprecedented in terms of the consequences for the Irish economy. This ruling has seismic and entirely negative consequences for job creation in the future. We need to maintain the jobs we have and develop jobs for the future. There is a clear intention to emphasise the certainty of the tax code. This government stands fully behind our tax regime. We reviewed how important this policy is. Noonan said: "There’s envy across Europe about how we’ve managed to establish so many HQs in Dublin. We stand by our 12.5 percent tax rate." Apple has also said it will appeal against the decision. Its chief Tim Cook didn’t mince his words on Wednesday, calling the ruling "total political crap." Vestager refuted that claim and said the decision was based on the facts of the case. This post originated on Ars Technica UK Jennifer Baker Jennifer Baker has been a journalist for nearly 20 years, the last eight specialising in EU tech policy and legislation. She likes good books, bad films, and is slightly obsessed with data protection law. Email jennifer.baker@arstechnica.co.uk // Twitter @Brusselsgeek reader comments 221 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español ​Apple Watch 2: What I'd like to see Apple announce on September 7 There's still room to grow. Wearable Tech by Scott Stein September 3, 2016 5:00 AM PDT @jetscott Up Next Putin ordered campaign to influence US election, say intel agencies The Apple Watch has been around for a good long while now. It was unveiled almost exactly two years ago, and has been on sale since April 2015. Since then it's been finding its way onto a lot of wrists and frustrating a lot of people at the same time. Those frustrations -- and declining shipments -- haven't fallen on deaf ears. Back at WWDC in June, Apple already showed the world the next version of the Watch's operating system, WatchOS 3. It's about as close to a complete reboot as you could imagine. The function of the side button totally changes (it's now an app dock) and apps will now totally live on the Watch (instead of "streaming" from a tethered iPhone). There are also new social fitness features, better watch faces...and it's faster. 27 Apple Watch: A hands-on tour of Apple's first smartwatch (pictures) By itself, WatchOS 3 will give existing Apple Watch owners a good reason to pull their watches out of the drawer and give them a second chance. But with strong signs (price cuts on current models, plus published reports pointing to the announcement of an Apple Watch sequel on September 7) it's time to look at what Apple could bring to the table with new hardware. There's a lot of room to grow. The current model is an imperfect product, in a landscape of imperfect watches and fitness trackers. It's still not a must-have. And it lacks a few key features that are already in other smartwatches and fitness trackers. (One of those missing features is built-in cellular connectivity that would allow you to go iPhone-free, but it's apparently not on the docket for 2016.) I don't know what's coming, but here's what I would like to see. Apple Watch 2: The final rumors Sorting through every Apple Watch rumor we've heard ahead of Apple's official announcement. by Brian Tong 1:43 Close Drag Better battery life. Even if it means a few more hours, or hopefully an extra day, the Apple Watch could use a battery boost. Mine lasts a day and a half, roughly. But many fitness trackers last a week or more (Fitbit Blaze and Charge 2 last around five days), and some smartwatches like those from Pebble go for up to seven solid days or more. Samsung's upcoming Gear S3 is bigger but offers more battery, too. The new Apple Watch could go a similar route with a battery-boosted model. Apple's history suggests that the sequel would also be slimmer. More serious water resistance. Being swim-friendly would be great. The Apple Watch is water-resistant enough to run it under water or dunk it in a tub, but it's not recommended for showering and definitely not for swimming. Bumping water resistance at least up to IP68 (the same as the new Samsung Gear S3) would be welcome. Even better, go for 3ATM or better, which would allow swimming and swim-tracking. Pebble, Misfit and Withings, among others, already can do it. Smarter automatic fitness. Fitness trackers now tend to engage in automatic activity recognition. Fitbit, Pebble, Samsung and others can track exercises and even sleep automatically. The Apple Watch should be able to recognize and record exercise modes automatically, too. Some of WatchOS 3's Fitness features, like a new meditative Breathe mode and socially-connected fitness options, help a bit. Most people buy wrist-tech to track fitness. The Apple Watch -- for a lot of people -- is a essentially a fitness tracker, but it needs to be even better at what those dedicated trackers do. And, maybe, Apple can apply machine learning to offer up better fitness insights; it's an area that some fitness trackers and apps have dabbled in, but few have mastered. There is a lot of room for improvement should Apple debut a new watch.Photo by Sarah Tew/CNET GPS and barometer. Speaking of fitness, the Apple Watch could use GPS to track runs away from the iPhone. Many other fitness watches already do this, and so does the Gear S3. Rumors also report that the next Apple Watch will have a barometer, which could allow stair-climbing data like the Fitbit does. Sleep-tracking. A better battery could mean doing things the Apple Watch hasn't touched yet. Sleep is an obvious omission. Most fitness trackers now log sleep. Apple Watch should, too. Another bonus to tracking sleep is the ability to gather a more accurate resting heart-rate measurement, something Apple Watch also doesn't do yet. Lots of new watch faces. More specifically, a watch-face store. Sure, that's not a Watch 2-specific feature, but the Apple Watch has had a glaring lack of third-party watch faces compared to the Android Wear, Samsung Gear or even Pebble platforms. Watch faces are fun. Apple can obviously marshal big-name designers and brands to make watch faces, so where are they? Improved touch control. On the iPhone, I don't often use 3D Touch, the pressure-sensitive technology that allows gentle presses on the screen to activate different functions. But I could see it being useful on the Apple Watch. The original Apple Watch has Force Touch, not 3D Touch. The difference is that the Apple Watch's entire surface is less pressure sensitive: you can't gently press on certain parts and expect the level of fine control which 3D Touch allows. The Watch could use expanded pressure-sensitive design for a more elegant way to look at and launch apps, for instance, or act as a smart-home remote. Price cut. Apple Watch has already been heavily discounted at many retailers for as low as $250 in the US, but an even lower official price for the Sport model (say, $200) would be a lot easier to justify for many people, and would be a better competitor versus the Fitbit, Pebble and Withings devices of the world -- many of which now cost $150 or less. Or Apple could simply drop the price of the first-gen Apple Watch models and keep them around, like Apple does with previous-year iPhones. We'll know more soon enough. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Apple Event Wearable Tech Fitness 9 Design 6 Battery 7 Performance 8 Software CNET Review Apple Watch At 1-year-old and newly discounted, the Apple Watch is a study in contradictions; it's the best overall smartwatch out there, but not something you should feel compelled to buy. $549.00 See it Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Jan 6 ​Apple to invest $1B in SoftBank's tech fund Jan 5 Zagg wants you to ditch AppleCare on your iPhone for its InvisibleShield plan Jan 5 Messages on iOS 10: How to use all the crazy new features Jan 5 Apple's App Store got all your money on New Year's Day All Apple Stories Related Stories ​Lenovo's low-cost flip-up Windows VR headset shows how work might get done in VR You now see heart rate data from a Polar chest strap on your GoPro footage Fossil plans to release over 300 new connected watches in 2017 Best wearable tech of 2016 Close   Discuss: ​Apple Watch 2: What I'd like to see Apple... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Putin ordered campaign to influence US election, say intel agencies CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
null
Menu Search Home Biotech Diagnostics Health IT Medical Devices Payers Pharma Policy & Regulation Providers Population Health Events About Us Advertising Contact us Send Tips Advertising About Twitter Facebook RSS Feedly Subscribe via email Theranos cuts 41% of workforce as it concentrates on miniLab (updated) Reputation.com sought out healthcare-specific investment in new $20M round Exclusive: Counsyl’s oncology unit falters; 24 lose jobs Everybody Else Is Reading This $100M PatientsLikeMe-iCarbonX deal highlights huge day in digital health investment Here’s an infographic of drug patents expiring in 2017 Analysts are bullish on Abbott’s St. Jude Medical deal, but … What SCOTUS’s refusal to review cases on patent-eligible subject means For healthcare CEOs in early 2017, it’s hasta la vista, baby Takeda backs new celiac spin-out PvP Biologics Everybody Else Is Reading This In first major digital health deal of the year, Castlight Health acquires Jiff Diversity in clinical trials: An issue that we can no longer ignore Startup PeerWell enlists oft-injured NFL players in developing new ReHab app (Updated) Fitbit’s to do list for 2017: More integrations with employer health plans, disease management Send Tips Advertising About Twitter Facebook RSS Feedly Subscribe via email MedCity News Patient Engagement Healthcare Convergence Investing & Startups Big Data Precision Medicine Events Who’s innovating in medication management for the 50+ market? You decide Join us at MedCity INVEST May 17-18 in Chicago, where investors and startups connect. Early bird pricing! Join us at MedCity INVEST May 17-18 in Chicago – meet and connect with investors and innovative health care startups. Get best rate NOW. Health IT Apple’s move to tighten digital health criteria could have bigger impact than FDA By Stephanie Baum 1 Comment / Sep 2, 2016 at 12:42 PM Shares647 A couple of months ago, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration acted to shore up criteria for digital health companies with final guidance articulating the difference between the “low-risk” digital health apps and devices for general health management and those apps and devices that needed FDA 510(k) clearance. Now Apple has set down some rules for digital health companies aspiring to use the technology giant’s iOS network. MedPage Today’s online publication iMedicalApps highlighted some of the changes including: Drug dosage calculating apps have to come from the drug manufacturer, a hospital, university, health insurance company, or other approved entity. This means individual developers can not make a medical app with drug dosages by themselves (Apple has actually been enforcing this for the past year already). No more marijuana related apps. Apps that encourage people to place their iPhones under a mattress or pillow while charging (such as those that monitor sleep) will no longer be allowed. If your app has potential to cause any physical harm, Apple could reject it. If your app provides inaccurate data or information that could be used to diagnose or treat patients, your app will get increased scrutiny. As iMedicalApps points out, the changes by Apple could have a more tangible impact than those made by the FDA, and it raises the stakes for developers. There is no way the FDA can regulate the hundreds of thousands of health and medical apps and the updates made to them. The screening process is what has to change — and it seems like Apple is finally stepping up to the plate to do this. Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Different groups, both public and private have sought to establish a regulatory framework to reign in the mobile health app “Wild West.” Earlier this year, the Federal Trade Commission offered some guidance for digital health developers. Happtique tried and failed utterly. Social Wellth took up the cause, in a collaboration with HITLab called Xcertia. Social Wellth also works with payers, such as Cigna, to provided a set of curated apps for Cigna customers. In an effort to lead by example after having dismissed unproven digital health apps as this century’s digital snake oil, the American Medical Association is working with Health2047 to validate such tools. Other healthcare companies have cultivated app/API marketplaces for their customers such as electronic health record providers and health systems so they can screen these tools themselves. With this latest effort from Apple, the private sector appears to be well positioned to have a bigger impact on digital health as gatekeepers. Photo: Apple HealthkKit Shares647 Topics Apple, California, digital health, FDA, San Jose, Xcertia Communication, transparency may help close health disparities Increased stroke risk prompts Merck to pull the plug on osteoporosis drug Hear the latest industry news first. Sign up for our daily newsletter. 1 comment GOT NEWS? SEND US A TIP  MedCity >> Inbox Get the latest industry news first when you subscribe to our daily newsletter. Promoted Most Americans Have Inadequate Intakes of Vitamins and Minerals: Can Supplements Help? Health care professionals might be surprised to find that numerous studies show up to 9 out of 10 Americans get less than the EAR or AI for one or more vitamins and minerals in their diets from food alone. When counseling patients, HCPs should emphasize the value of obtaining nutrients from a balanced diet. However, for patients who may be unable to obtain sufficient nutrients from diet alone, a dietary supplement can help ensure adequate intakes. Read more here. CAMPAIGN FOR ESSENTIAL NUTRIENTS From the MedCity Team Analysts are bullish on Abbott’s St. Jude Medical deal, but … Arundhati Parmar  |  8:05 pm, January 5 Valencell says medical device companies are interested in potential of “hearables” Stephanie Baum  |  9:28 am, January 6 Exclusive: Counsyl’s oncology unit falters; 24 lose jobs Juliet Preston  |  3:15 pm, January 6 Theranos cuts 41% of workforce as it concentrates on miniLab (updated) Neil Versel  |  5:15 pm, January 6 Promoted An Intersection of Technology & Medicine – Digital Medicine Showcase Digital Medicine Showcase takes place during healthcare’s busiest week of the year in San Francisco January 10–11 at Biotech Showcase. With a focus on the “intersection of technology and medicine,” the event brings together companies showcasing clinically impactful digital health technologies with investors, pharma executives and professional advisors. Company presentations showcase the latest innovations in digital medicine technologies that impact the future of healthcare. #DigMedShow EBD Group × Hear the latest industry news first. Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow us No thanks Our Sites © 2017 Breaking Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Registration or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Shares647
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for Trending in Apple Poll: What rumored iPhone 8 feature excites you the most? Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year September 3, 2016 AAPL: 107.73 1.00 Apple keynote decorations on display at Bill Graham Civic Center ahead of ‘iPhone 7’ event [Gallery] Zac Hall - Sep. 3rd 2016 1:27 pm PT @apollozac iPhone 7 Apple event View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Shot by Howard Brilliant for 9to5Mac Apple flags are now flying over Bill Graham Civic Center in San Francisco, California, as the company prepares the venue for Wednesday’s iPhone 7 announcement. Apple’s keynote kicks off at 10am PT/1pm ET, where we expect to see upgraded iPhones and a new Apple Watch introduced. Check out more shots of the scene after the break… Apple typically decks out the venue with black and white Apple flags and the Apple Store-like logo at the entrance of the civic center, and this year is no different. We’re also seeing Apple’s bokeh art in the shape of the company logo first spotted on the official event announcement on display at Bill Graham. This is likely a teaser for the camera effects that are possible from the dual camera system on the iPhone 7 Plus. For more weekend reading ahead of Apple’s event on Wednesday, check out our latest coverage below, and head below to get an on-the-ground view of what the civic center looks like on the Saturday before the big announcement. Apple announces ‘iPhone 7’ September 7 event, Apple Watch 2 and MacBook Pros may be unveiled KGI: iPhone 7 to feature 2.4GHz A10 chip, IPX7 waterproofing, new 12 megapixel cameras, piano black color, more Apple Watch is almost completely sold out ahead of September 7 event iPad Air 2 goes out of stock at major distributors ahead of iPhone 7 event This week’s top stories: Apple’s iPhone 7 event, Apple Watch 2, new Beats wireless headphones & more Happy Hour Podcast 083 | Eleventh hour iPhone 7 event rumors What to expect at Apple’s iPhone 7 & Apple Watch 2 event next week Thanks Howard! Doing some recon for @apollozac (@ Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco, CA) https://t.co/vMv0Vylwkc — Howard Brilliant Esq (@HDBtweets) September 3, 2016 Guides iPhone 7 Apple's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus were announced on 7th September 2016 View THe Guide Apple event View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
∞ Home Home ∞ Membership ∞ Privacy A letter from Apple’s VP of Environmental Initiatives About Contact The Loop’s staff members Sample Page Sponsorship Thanks for your RSVP The Dalrymple Report The Loop magazine Issue 1 “So that’s what the spiral thing on my Swiss Army knife is for!” Enduring design Mac gaming’s sad balkanization Not fond of rules The profound power of the Internet in your pocket Tweaking and Sliding: The Jordan Rudess Authorized Biography Welcome to The Loop magazine Issue 2 Avoiding the Smartphone Trap Content as Medium Free The Biggest The Evolution of Human Interface The Tentacle, the Monkey and the Motorcycle Issue 3 “Is that you Matthew Modine? Is this me?” Legend In the Wings Magical Moments Out Of This World The Digital Revolution of Design Issue 4 1974 Accessibility Every Day Do It Because You Love It Everyday Magic Jimmy Page and The Black Crowes Tour 2000 The Smell of Rubber and Ozone Issue 5 Designing Apps for Everyone Getting Started with iOS and Mac Development Step Right Up Touching the Future Where’s the inter-app-erability? Issue 6 Part of the Crowd Playing the Game The Drinker’s Code of Conduct The Unacknowledged Compromise What do you do? Issue 7 Helicopters vs. Ninjas How to Have a Crappy Time with Wine It Should Mean Something So You Think My Music Should Be Free Why I Buy Vinyl Issue 8 Cynicism Shut Down My Life With the F-Word The Future of Human Interface, Part 2 The Magic of Alchemy The Signature Issue 9 Chasing Eddie Van Halen’s “Brown Sound” How I Got Started With the Mac: My 27 Year Love Affair Reputation Technology Makes Following Sports Better Than Ever Three Life-Changing Moments: What Apple Has Done Privacy Thoughts on Apple’s Mac Event Keynote Apple Music adds new playlists based on listening habits Posted on Saturday, September 3rd, 2016 at 12:19 pm. PT Written by Jim Dalrymple Apple on Saturday added two new playlists to its Apple Music service, which are both based on your listening habits on the service. “My New Music Mix” is a playlist with new music from artists Apple thinks you will like. This playlist is updated every Friday. My playlist was very good this week, although it did have one “Dance” song in there—not sure where that came from. “My Favorites Mix” is based on songs you love on Apple Music. Other songs will be added if they feel it matches songs you’ve already loved. Both playlists are in the “For You” section of Apple Music. These are great additions to Apple and just what I think Apple should be focused on to improve the service. Well done. Kris Lord I only see the new music playlist, not sure why. I’m in the UK, but not sure if it’s relevant. Thomas Landgraeber Same here in Germany. Dirk Lenz Ich sehe beide. Kris Lord Dirk, Thomas, do you have lots of music you’ve marked as “love”? I’m wondering if because I listen in the car, I haven’t marked any songs as “loved” therefore Apple can’t make a playlist. They could just make one using my library though. Dirk Lenz Kris, I added hearts to all my five star ratings and then some. So yes, quite a lot of hearts pounding in very different genres. Surprisingly the My Favorites Mix contains only soundtracks. I like it anyway 😉 Robert I started using “Hey Siri, like this song” for that occasion. But I am also wondering if these new playlists are only in the iOS 10 Beta? Adrayven I think this is iOS 10 Beta only.. am I wrong? Hieronymus Washington Apparently. They show up under For You on my iPad running iOS 10 beta but not on my phones or AppleTV. Too bad because I like what was selected. Walt Mankowski I’m not seeing either playlist. Maybe they’re slowly rolling it out? Mike Kauzer Nope, not seeing either. Caleb Hightower Same for me. No love from Apple Music, though, it’ll probably roll out wide release next week after the event. DanielSw Works for me. I like “My New Music Mix”. Nice variety, and a convenient way to discover new music. I also like the new iOS 10 UI. More intuitive and aesthetic. Ruthgknight1 Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj250d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj250d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash250WebPlutoGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!mj250d:….,…. drp “My playlist was very good this week” Nickelback Amberwmccarthy2 Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj60d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj60d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash60WebProGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!mj60d:….,….. By Jim Dalrymple and Dave Mark About Contact The Dalrymple Report Podcast Membership Sponsorship Shop Amazon—Support The Loop Ads Via The Deck Thanks to Depth Effects, which lets everyone to get beautiful Portrait Mode photos with their iPhone, for sponsoring The Loop this week. Follow Us @jdalrymple @davemark @theloop Facebook RSS Google+ We also have a full text RSS feed available. Search for: By Jim Dalrymple © 2017 The Loop Media powered by WordPress | Privacy Policy
irishmirrorLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Irish News Crime Politics Education World News News OpinionExpand Sport Latest Sport Soccer GAA Golf Rugby Union UFC Other Sport Sport Opinion Fantasy FootballExpand Showbiz Lifestyle Weird News GAA Soccer Rugby Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter Bingo Competitions Horoscopes Crosswords BuySell About Us Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions How to Complain Mirror.co.uk BelfastLive.co.uk © 2016 MGN Limited Home Lifestyle Technology iPhone 7 Lifestyle iPhone 7: Release date, UK price, pictures, specs and key features of Apple's new iPhone Apple has unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7, featuring waterproofing, a dual-lens camera and wireless AirPod headphones  Share  Comments BySophie Curtis 17:22, 16 SEP 2016 Updated14:20, 23 SEP 2016 Lifestyle Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Apple finally unveiled its long-awaited iPhone 7 last week, and almost all of the rumours and leaks ahead of the launch have turned out to be true. The new device is indeed waterproof, and the larger model comes with an impressive dual-lens camera capable of of all kinds of photographic wizardry. Controversially, Apple has removed the headphone socket from the bottom of the device, meaning you may have to rethink your headphone choices. The Lightning connection on the Apple iPhone 7 (Photo: Reuters/Beck Diefenbach) Apple has also ditched the 16GB and 64GB models, and introduced a new 256GB model - which has the same amount of storage as Apple's top-of-the-range iPad Pro. Here's everything you need to know about Apple's new iPhone 7: Release date Apple unveiled the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus at an event in San Francisco on September 7. Customers in the UK have been able to pre-order the new phones since Friday, September 9, and the new devices will be available in shops from Friday, September 16. Read More iPhone 7 review: More evolution than revolution Price iPhone 7 In the UK, the iPhone 7 is available from a starting price of £599 for the cheapest 32GB option. The 128GB version costs £699 and the 256GB version will set you back a whopping £799. The larger iPhone 7 Plus is even more of a wallet buster than it's smaller sibling. Read More Apple unveils new iPhone 7 in 'Jet Black' colour - but there's a big problem with it The cheapest (32GB) iPhone 7 Plus costs £719, followed by a 128GB model at £819, and then a 256GB variant costing an astonishing £919 in the UK. If you want to buy the phone outright, the best thing to do is head straight to Apple's website and pre-order it from there. However, if you'd rather spread the cost of your phone over two years, you might be better off signing up for a contract with a mobile operator. The iPhone 7 is now available to pre-order from EE, O2, Vodafone, Three, Tesco Mobile and Carphone Warehouse, with all of the UK operators offering a range of deals and tariffs. Read More How much do the new iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus cost - and is the iPhone 6s any cheaper? Design The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are almost identical in appearance to their predecessors, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus. iPhone 7 The smaller iPhone 7 has a 4.7-inch Retina HD display, while its larger sibling has a 5.5-inch display. The bodies of the phones are made from aluminium and come in five colours - silver, gold, rose gold, black, (which has a matte appearance), and "jet black", (which has a high-gloss look). The new jet black finish will be offered exclusively on the 128GB and 256GB models. The rumour that Apple was planning to launch a blue iPhone 7 appears to have been false - but there's always next year. Read More When does the iPhone 8 come out? Release date, rumours, price and all the latest news about Apple's next smartphone No antenna lines One noticeable design change is that Apple has removed the plastic antenna lines from the back of the device. In previous models, these lines have allowed radio signals to pass through the metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple has redesigned the case to get around this restriction. iPhone 7 Read More Why does your iPhone have those lines across the back? A tech mystery explained A new home button Apple has redesigned the Home button on the iPhone 7 - presumably in order to make the device waterproof. The new "solid-state" Home button is designed to be durable and responsive, and work in tandem with Apple's Taptic Engine to provide "more precise and customisable tactile feedback". In other words, even though the button doesn't "click" in the same way as it did on the old handset, it provides haptic feedback when you touch it. No more headphone socket Perhaps the most controversial thing about the new iPhone is that it doesn't have a headphone socket. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with a pair of wired headphones that plug into the charging port on the bottom of the device, as well as an adaptor for people who want to hang onto their old headphones. Phil Schiller, Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing at Apple Inc, discusses the audio features of the iPhone7 (Photo: REUTERS) Apple has also launched a pair of wireless headphones, called AirPods, which are available to buy for an additional £159. (Photo: Reuters/Beck Diefenbach) These can connect to both the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch 2 with just a tap, according to Apple, and switch "seamlessly" between entertainment and calls. In place of the old headphone jack, Apple has added a second speaker, so sound is two times louder than iPhone 6s, and you will be able to listen to your music in stereo with increased dynamic range. Specs The iPhone 7 comes with a new A10 chip, which is extremely efficient, meaning the iPhone 7 can run up to three times faster than the iPhone 6 at as little as half the power. This means that the iPhone 7's battery lasts up to 2 hours longer than iPhone 6s, according to Apple, and the iPhon 7 Plus' battery lasts up to 1 hour longer than iPhone 6s Plus. Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next Graphics performance is also more powerful, so it can support a new level of gaming and professional apps. Apple has effectively doubled the storage capacity of all its iPhones. So rather than offering 16GB, 64GB and 128GB models, the iPhone 7 comes in 32GB, 128GB and 256GB versions. Camera Both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have upgraded cameras. The iPhone 7 has a 12-megapixel wide angle camera, which Apple claims is 60% faster and 30% more energy-efficient than previous models, and has 4 LEDS in the flash. (Photo: REUTERS) The iPhone 7 Plus has an additional telephoto camera, which together with the standard 12-megapixel wide angle camera offers optical zoom at two times and up to 10 times digital zoom for photos. Read More iPhone 7 Plus dual-lens camera could let you create some seriously cool photo effects iPhone 7 Apple said the camera software would be updated later this year, allowing the iPhone 7 Plus camera to capture depth-of-field, and separate the background from the foreground to achieve amazing portraits. In other words, you could soon be filling your Instagram with some seriously arty photos that were once possible to create only with DSLR cameras. Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next Water-resistant Both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus have an IP67 rating, which means they are totally protected against dust and can be immersed in water to a depth of 1 metre. Apple Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller speaks on the new Apple iPhone 7 That means it will survive a dip in the sink or down the loo, and it won't break if you pour a drink over it, but you probably don't want to take it swimming. Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling point for people prone to clumsiness. Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but this is the first time it has released a waterproof phone. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @irishmirror Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Apple iPhone iPhone rumours Smartphones iPhone 6s iPhone 7 Lifestyle all Most Read Most Recent TerrorismWhere in the world is safe to go on holiday this summer? Irish Government reveals no-go areas The levels of risk vary from normal to the extreme CorkKind-hearted Cork Dunnes manager gives little girls 'the best Christmas experience they’d ever had' Valerie Costelloe  has called  shop manager Declan Flanagan 'the nicest man I’d ever met' WexfordWexford schoolgirl can't cope when she finds out she's going to the X Factor tour Ellie-Faye's reaction to her surprise is one of the best we've seen HealthYoung mum with terminal cancer in desperate bid to fulfil bucket list dreams before she dies Amy Jones, 26, is a mum to sons Jac, six and Ollie, four, and step mum to 13-year-old Kia      TinderThese are officially the most attractive people on Tinder - according to all their 'right swipes' The 13 most popular Tinder profiles have been revealed - but is it about more than being attractive? TerrorismWhere in the world is safe to go on holiday this summer? Irish Government reveals no-go areas The levels of risk vary from normal to the extreme CorkKind-hearted Cork Dunnes manager gives little girls 'the best Christmas experience they’d ever had' Valerie Costelloe  has called  shop manager Declan Flanagan 'the nicest man I’d ever met' Make-upClarins launches funky new look make-up and cosmetics range for spring The high-end cosmetics giant has taken a fun turn - and we love it! SmartphonesOne in five Irish people would rather lose their PET than their smartphone While we may think of ourselves a nation of animal lovers, for many of us mobile phones take top priority Mannequin challengeThis romantic new take on the mannequin challenge in Tipperary gets our seal of approval It's a festive version of the challenge, with a romantic twist at the end Most Read Most Recent What's OnEastEnders spoiler: TRUTH about Ronnie and Roxie's death revealed in Coroner's report leaving Jack furious A furious row breaks out between the heartbroken single father and his mother-in-law Glenda NewsDad-of-two told he's got weeks to live after 'bad flu' turned out to be terminal cancer Phil Cox, 36, has fought aggressive tumours for 16 months after being diagonosed with lung and testicular cancer Dublin'His mum had only passed away' 'Tributes pour in for tragic teen Reece Cullen, stabbed to death in Tallaght, Dublin Reece was rushed to Tallaght Hospital but despite desperate attempts to save him, he was later pronounced dead TerrorismWhere in the world is safe to go on holiday this summer? Irish Government reveals no-go areas The levels of risk vary from normal to the extreme World News'It’s lazy, disgusting and slobbish behaviour': public reaction to story of women shopping in their pyjamas Dubbed 'Pyjamagate', readers of the Manchester Evening News have slammed the pair and others who pick up a pint of milk in their gowns and slippers Transfer NewsArsenal transfer news and rumours: Gunners 'quoted £50million' for Torino hitman Andrea Belotti PLUS: Alexis Sanchez is set to be rested for Arsenal's FA Cup trip to Preston AND Mesut Ozil is back in training after illness Barclay's Premier LeagueLIVE Transfer News: Liverpool, Man United, Arsenal, Chelsea and more news and updates Follow all the latest transfer news from Liverpool, Man United, Arsenal and the rest of the Premier League teams right here CourtsSecurity guard loses unfair dismissal case over kissing female worker on the cheek The woman said Mr Mabuza put his hands on her hips while she was clocking out Arsenal FCArsenal new boy Cohen Bramall reveals what Arsene Wenger said to him on his first day Bramall trained with his new teammates on Thursday and said the whole experience was something he'd never have believed would come true Weird NewsReal-life zombie apocalypse would take just 100 days to wipe out the human race, according to scientists There would be just 273 human survivors left after three months - outnumbered a million to one by zombies Top Stories FluTotal of 270 people hospitalised with the flu virus in Ireland - 15 patients admitted to intensive care The HSE said the patients were struck down with the influenza A virus from the middle of December Irish NewsIt will take 1,200 years to clear Irish social housing list at current rate, experts warn The government needs to declare a national housing emergency and implement the Home Sweet Home emergency housing plan, campaigners claimed Fianna FailIrish school book businesses risk going bust as nationalised tendering scheme set to take €28million overseas, TD warns A contract to supply academic libraries in schools and colleges, worth €14million over four years, was awarded to US firm ProQuest in 2015 CourtsSecurity guard loses unfair dismissal case over kissing female worker on the cheek The woman said Mr Mabuza put his hands on her hips while she was clocking out Tommy TiernanChristy Dignam's appearance on The Tommy Tiernan Show went down a storm with viewers: 'A world class artist' Christy spoke candidly about wanting to stay alive and what he's learned over his iconic career Irish NewsGardai are 'concerned' for missing woman Susanne Krauss Susanne, who is aged in her early 50s, is missing from the Dublin Road area of Portlaoise, Co Laois CorkKind-hearted Cork Dunnes manager gives little girls 'the best Christmas experience they’d ever had' Valerie Costelloe  has called  shop manager Declan Flanagan 'the nicest man I’d ever met' HSEDoctor calls for schools to remain shut to prevent outbreak of flu epidemic Already one person has died and almost 100 have been hospitalised with influenza HospitalsGrandmother tells of horror night in overcrowded hospital with her 3-year-old grandson A grandmother brought her three-year-old grandson to hospital with a suspected broken nose Hospital trolley crisisHealth Minister Simon Harris slammed by critics over trolley crisis and told to "stop blaming the flu" The Minister had linked the trolley crisis with the recent spike in flu-related illnesses CorkTragedy as elderly man dies in house fire in Cork Gardai have launched an investigation CorkInspirational blind Irishwoman to make history by competing in seven marathons in seven continents over seven days The inspirational woman aims to participate in seven marathons in seven continents over seven days News Sport Lifestyle Follow us facebook twitter About Us Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions How to Complain Mirror.co.uk BelfastLive.co.uk © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Christmas Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology Apple aims to reboot sales with iPhone 7 launch Tim Cook is due to unveil the new phone at an event in San Francisco Credit: Barcroft Media James Titcomb 3 September 2016 • 8:00pm Apple will attempt to reboot sales of the iPhone this week after an unprecedented recent decline that has left the tech giant grappling with falling revenue for the first time in over a decade. The company is seeking to entice consumers with a new version of the popular device that features a high-powered camera as its key selling point amid fears that the smartphone market has reached saturation. The iPhone 7 is unlikely to come with the radical design changes that have defined the handset since Steve Jobs shook up the telecoms world with the first model almost a decade ago. countdown to iphone 7 event Instead, Apple will make several tweaks to the phone that it hopes will maintain the company’s reputation for invention when it is unveiled in San Francisco on Wednesday, less than one week after a long-running tax row with Brussels erupted into a public war of words after the European Commission ordered Ireland to recoup €13bn (£11bn) in taxes from the company. Apple, which last month marked five years since chief executive Tim Cook replaced Mr Jobs, is struggling to stem the rare slide in revenue, with the sale of new products such as last year’s Apple Watch. Its share price has fallen by a fifth since its peak in 2015. The iPhone 7 is expected to include a new “dual-lens” camera system capable of taking photographs that can rival those of high-end cameras, and the removal of the traditional headphone port in favour of wireless headphones. About | iPhone 7 The company is aiming to encourage regular upgrades of its phones as well as focus on making more from the more than one billion devices running its software by selling services such as music subscriptions and online storage as well as peripherals such as the Apple Watch and headphones. “I think you’ll see more focus on the software and services; they need to take their loyal user base and drive revenue in different places,” said Ben Wood, an analyst at CCS Insight. Mr Wood said that Wednesday’s event could include a heavy focus on music, with the removal of the headphone jack – a staple of the iPhone since it was first launched – being used as an opportunity to sell higher-margin headphones and a more expensive high-quality version of its Apple Music streaming service. Watch | iPhone 7 - the rumour round-up 02:26 Apple’s $3bn (£2.3bn) purchase of Beats, the headphones and music streaming company founded by rapper Dr Dre, in 2014 has so far been used mainly as a springboard for Apple Music, with Apple’s glitzy launch events featuring little mention of the high-end headphones division, but analysts believe there could be potential for greater cross-selling. “You can almost guarantee they’ll introduce a portfolio of headphones for the new [iPhone] experience,” Mr Wood said. This week, Mr Cook is also expected to unveil a new version of the Apple Watch with a faster processor and location technology. Although the device has outsold its competition since it was released last year, sales have still been muted in comparison to those of Apple’s other hit products. Apple has not revealed how many Apple Watches it has sold to date, but analysts pin the figure at around 15m – roughly the number of iPhones sold in a month. iphone 7: what will it look like Follow Telegraph Science & Tech READ MORE ABOUT: Apple Tim Cook Apple Watch iPhone Show more Technology latest 01:03 06 Jan 2017, 4:31pm Who was Sandford Fleming? And why did he invent worldwide standard time zones?  06 Jan 2017, 11:30am The best tech of the week: from grocery robots to smart bike helmets  06 Jan 2017, 11:14am Alcohol tracking gadget monitors how drunk you are on a night out 06 Jan 2017, 9:27am Samsung brushes off Note 7 catastrophe as profits set to hit three-year high 06 Jan 2017, 9:05am The app that warns investors when Donald Trump tweets about companies  Gallery 06 Jan 2017, 8:02am Gallery: CES 2017: The weirdest gadgets from the world's biggest tech show 05 Jan 2017, 9:30pm Comment: We can't teach our children to be safe on the internet when we're clueless about it ourselves Jemima Lewis Premium 05 Jan 2017, 7:16pm NHS trials artificial intelligence app as alternative to 111 helpline 05 Jan 2017, 4:14pm Why it makes sense for Amazon to buy American Apparel 05 Jan 2017, 3:55pm Apple's App Store sales soared 40pc to $28.5bn last year 05 Jan 2017, 3:25pm Bitcoin price falls by 20pc in dramatic crash 01:26 05 Jan 2017, 1:47pm Apple iPhone - by numbers 05 Jan 2017, 1:01pm Japanese company replaces workers with artificial intelligence 05 Jan 2017, 10:49am Apple removes New York Times from China App Store after government request 01:03 05 Jan 2017, 10:06am CES 2017: day one highlights - in 60 seconds 05 Jan 2017, 8:41am Moore's law is not dead, says Intel boss 04 Jan 2017, 11:36pm Is Mark Zuckerberg preparing to enter politics? Facebook CEO fuels rumours with 2017 challenge to tour every US state 04 Jan 2017, 7:01pm Amazon's Alexa appears in scores of new smart gadgets 04 Jan 2017, 5:29pm CES 2017: Boom in elderly tech as smart walking stick and iPhone hearing aid on show 04 Jan 2017, 4:44pm Comment: President Mark Zuckerberg? It may not be as crazy as it sounds James Titcomb Premium 01:02 04 Jan 2017, 3:15pm CES 2017: Faraday Future unveils world's fastest-accelerating electric car If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Apps/Mobile/Software/Gallery AppsMobileSoftware iOS 10: Here’s how you’ll send messages and money with Siri By Jacob Kleinman | September 3, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Apple is expected to release iOS 10 in the very near future, bringing a ton of new features to the iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch. One of the most exciting upgrades is the decision to open up Siri to third-party apps, and now the company’s giving us a fresh look at how that feature will work. In a recent blog post, Apple highlighted how you can send messages and money using third-party apps in iOS 10. All you have to do is say “Hey Siri” and follow it up with a detailed voice command. Siri will generate an info card detailing the action and ask for final confirmation before finishing the task. Apple highlighted two services, Square Cash and Monzo, for sending money. You can pay a friend by simply saying something like “Hey Siri send Jacob Kleinman $20 using Cash.” Monzo also offers Touch ID support for quick and secure confirmation. On the messaging front, the post shows how to send a text using WhatsApp or LinkedIn. The process looks extremely simple and makes it possible to shoot off a quick message with nothing but your voice. Once iOS 10 arrives, Siri will also be able to call you a car with Uber and use other messaging apps like WeChat and Slack. Apple is also switching its AI assistant to deep learning technology so it can provide even better recommendations and information moving forward. Source Apple Topics #Apple #Apple #iOS 10 Jacob Kleinman Follow Follow Jacob Kleinman has been working as a journalist online and in print since he arrived at Wesleyan University in 2007. After graduating, he took a blogging job at the International… Read More Recent Posts Hulu Live TV first look: Competitors should be shaking in their boots Melody is an app that adds AI to your tired Bluetooth speaker These ultra-rugged All-Terrain Sound Speakers can survive a ten foot drop onto concrete Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2017 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Languages <span>Stuff UK</span> <span>Stuff France</span> <span>Stuff India</span> <span>Stuff Malaysia</span> <span>Stuff Mexico</span> <span>Stuff Middle East</span> <span>Stuff Netherlands</span> <span>Stuff Singapore</span> <span class="i19ndropdownplus new-window" data-url="http://www.stuff.co.za">STUFF South Africa</span> Subscribe to the magazine Login or Register Follow us Stuff on Facebook Stuff on Twitter Stuff on Google Stuff on YouTube Menu Search form Search News Latest News See all news These headphones deliver entirely digital signals for fuzz-free wireless sound The CES Hot 10 The best mobile phone deals - January 2017 Misfit’s latest fitness tracker is a touch-screen circle of serious smarts LG PJ9 floating speaker preview Hot Stuff Reviews Latest Reviews See all reviews LG Signature W7 Wallpaper OLED hands-on review Honor Magic hands-on review Garmin Fenix 5 hands-on review Asus ZenFone AR hands-on review Canon EOS M5 review TOP 10s Top 10 of Everything See all categories Top 10 Smartphones TVs Games Laptops Tablets Features Latest Features See all features CES 2017: the hottest stuff from the world’s biggest tech show January Survival Kit: the 17 best new TV shows, films and games this month What is HDR? "What's new, Alexa?" The 9 best CES 2017 gadgets with Amazon&... The best wearable deals 2017 WIN Feedback CES 2017 Trending >> CES 2017 >> iPhone 7 review >> Smartphones >> Deals Apple Apple Event Features Smartphones Smartwatches Tablets What to expect from this week's Apple iPhone 7 event New iPhones? Check! Headphone jacks? Controversial! New Macs? Computer says no 03 September 2016 / 13:00BST by Craig Grannell Follow @craiggrannell Feed the hype hamster and stare intensely at tea leaves, because it’s Apple Event time. On September 7, Apple will unveil shiny new things it wants you to buy. If you’re stateside and Apple’s best mate, you’ll have a seat at San Francisco’s Bill Graham Civic Center. If not, there’s the live stream, which starts at 6pm in the UK (10am US Pacific Time). You can watch using an Apple TV, Safari on macOS/OS X/iOS, or Edge on a PC. (On Android? Follow our live blog. And grumble about Apple not letting you just use Chrome.) Until then, Stuff has doffed its best guessing hat to pen ten predictions about the September 7 Apple Event, all guaranteed to come true*. * Unless they don’t, obviously. iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus You know the drill – new iPhones arrive like clockwork, and we expect to soon coo over the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. They will be faster! The cameras will be better – with a dual camera on the Plus! There might be new colours! One thing there won’t be, however, is a headphone port. Boo and, indeed, hiss. Likelihood: A dead cert – Although whether the new iPhones will do enough to reclaim the smartphone top spot is another matter. Read more everything you need to know about the iPhone 7 No New iPhone SE We like the iPhone SE – 6s guts crammed into a 5s case. For the small of hand and restricted of pocket, it’s an excellent device. But we doubt it’ll get more than a cursory mention at the event, given that the SE was only released earlier this year. Apple won’t want a cheaper iPhone stealing the limelight from new flagship devices. Likelihood: High – If we’re lucky, we’ll get an update in early 2017. Read more iPhone SE review Updated iPad Pro 12.9 At Stuff, we love iPads of all sizes; but sales continue to slide, and it’s hard to see iPads taking pride of place on the 7th. That said, the 12.9in iPad Pro lacks goodies found in its smaller sibling, and those could be covered as a quick slide that’ll make iPad fans beam. Unless they only last week bought an iPad Pro 12.9. Likelihood: Middling – iPad events usually come in October, but if not much is happening this year, iPad could squeeze into the September show. Read more iPad Pro 12.9 review Apple Watch 2 According to industry rumblings, the Apple Watch 2 will be thinner (hardly surprising, given Apple’s obsession with shaving away devices until they can be used by ninja assassins). It should be faster, too, and there have been rumours about a higher-end model with GPS and a barometer. Expect the wearable’s visual appearance to remain fairly similar, though, bar the inevitable introduction of a billion new straps. Likelihood: Middling – Apple Watch and iPhone are joined at the hip, but Apple Watch might command an event of its own when major changes occur. More minor ones, however… Read more everything we know about the Apple Watch 2 Tech spin to make your head spin Apple mercifully dialled down the dad gags and graphs in recent events, but still spins in a manner that’d impress Malcolm Tucker. Expect something derogatory about Android’s ‘newest OS’ installs (despite Android having a much higher user base) and an explanation about how removing an industry-standard headphone port from the iPhone is beneficial to people who can now no longer use perfectly good headphones with an iPhone and their other devices, unless they buy an Apple dongle. Likelihood: About the same as the sun rising in the morning. New Macs and Apple displays The rumour mill is in overdrive about a fancy new MacBook Pro (with OLED strip in place of function keys, Touch ID, and more), and Mac fans are desperate to know what’s going on with the iMac, Mac mini, Mac Pro and Apple displays. But indications are this won’t be the event where you’ll get to see any updates. Likelihood: Probably not – October, apparently. And by ‘apparently’, we mean ‘perhaps’. And by ‘perhaps’, we mean ‘we hope’. Read more Apple MacBook 2015 review iOS 10, watchOS 3, and macOS Sierra Apple can’t resist showing off lovely new OS features at events, which is fair enough – software as much as hardware differentiates Apple from the competition. Expect demos and a September release date for iOS and watchOS 3, demos and a vague ‘fall 2016’ date for macOS, and some kind of tumbleweed sound effect for tvOS. Likelihood: About the same as you inserting periods instead of spaces when typing on an iPhone. Read more hands-on with iOS 10 Tim Cook declaring war on the EU He seems like a lovely guy and comes across as mild-mannered, but Tim Cook appeared miffed when responding to the European Commission’s decision to penalise Apple to the tune of €13 billion over its tax arrangements in Ireland. People often note Apple’s financial clout is akin to a small country’s, and while we won’t see a war in any traditional sense (unless iOS devices and MacBooks are actually armed-to-the-teeth Transformers – no wonder they’re all sealed units these days), a war of words and lawyers is likely. But not on stage. Likelihood: no chance – Cook’s probably seething, but too classy to vent at an Apple Event. But if he suddenly turns to camera and snarls “Now, my pretties!”, we’re making a run for it. Liked that? Read this... Review Apple iPhone 7 review Review Apple iPhone 7 Plus review Stay on top of tech with Stuff in your inbox every week Thank you for registering for our Newsletter We will send you relevant emails and updates. Top 10 Smartphones OnePlus 3T Samsung Galaxy S7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge HTC 10 See full top 10 Stuff Picks News 05 January 2017 / 17:01GMT The Stuff Gadget Podcast Episode 8: The one from Vegas, baby! Features 06 January 2017 / 19:01GMT CES 2017: the hottest stuff from the world’s biggest tech show News 04 January 2017 / 11:08GMT Panasonic's new OLED Ultra HD TV piles on the pro features Review 04 January 2017 / 10:00GMT Dyson Supersonic review News 04 January 2017 / 5:45GMT Samsung's new QLED TVs could finally conquer LG's OLEDs This Just In… Hands-On 06 Jan / 23:36 LG Signature W7 Wallpaper OLED hands-on review Hands-On 06 Jan / 22:36 Honor Magic hands-on review Hands-On 06 Jan / 20:10 Garmin Fenix 5 hands-on review Features 06 Jan / 19:01 CES 2017: the hottest stuff from the world’s biggest tech... Login or Register Footer - Left links About Stuff / / Contact / / Legal Privacy Policy / / Advertise Sponsored/Promoted Content Cookie Policy / / Editorial Complaint? Follow us Facebook Twitter G Plus YouTube Newsletter Subscribe to the magazine Subscribe now © 2017 Haymarket Media Group
Welcome, Guest Login Register Be sure to register or log in to earn points for interacting with our community! RSS Subscribe Email News Tips Home Tech Gadgets Apple iPhone Apps Video Games Unboxing Holiday Gift Guide Entertainment Celebrity Gossip Music Movies Television Comics Sports Pro Sports Basketball Football Baseball Hockey Lifestyle Cuisine Fashion Women Politics Events CES E3 Mind Camp Personalities Andru Edwards Video Shows The Bleeding Edge The End Score Report FilmCrunch Unboxing Live! Forums Gallery About Archives Contact On The Bleeding Edge: Bleeding Edge TV 586: Apple MacBook (2016) Review [1.3GHz Core m7] Latest Video: Bleeding Edge TV 603: Lightning vs. 3.5mm Headphones Challenge We compare Lightning headphones to 3.5mm models in this episode! Play Video Close Player   Episode Permalink Comment on this Video Subscribe to this show via iTunes, Miro, or RSS Download for: iPod High Definition Download: High Definition iPod Version XviD Version Subscribe: iTunes High Definition iTunes iPod Version RSS Saturday September 3, 2016 10:36 am Bleeding Edge TV 587: What’s in my Tech Bag? OVERKILL EDITION - Ghostek NRG review Tweet Posted by Andru Edwards Categories: Accessories, USB, Apple, Cell Phones, Wearables, Features, Handhelds, Music, PC / Laptop, Peripherals, Podcasts, Portable Audio / Video, Product Reviews, Videocasts, Videos It's time for me to give you a look at What's in my Tech Bag! You've asked me to show you what I carry with me when I'm on the go, and this video will give you a glimpse into what tech and gadgets come with me everywhere I go, and why I like them. Everything is carried in the Ghostek NRG Bag, which has a 7000 mAh battery which can charge my gadgets even when I'm on the go, which is definitely a plus! Here's a list of everything that's in my bag, and links to where you can pick them up yourself: LSTN Wembley Bamboo Earbuds LG G5 VRS Design LG G5 Cases Audeze EL-8 Headphones Moment Lenses Earin Earbuds SanDisk USB-C Dual Flash Drive New Nintendo 3DS XL Majora's Mask 2016 MacBook iPad Pro 12.9-inch iPad Pro 9.7-inch iPad Pro Smart Keyboard Kindle Oasis Mophie Juice Pack Anker Astro E7 Power Bank Poweradd Slim 2 Belkin SurgePlus USB Swivel Charger Nectar Dank Shades HTC 10 iPhone SE VRS Design iPhone SE Cases You can pick up the Ghostek NRG Backpack now. Don't forget to subscribe to Gear Live's YouTube channel--also, we are giving away awesome perks for our Patreon backers - thanks for your support!   Here's how to get the show: [Download] - iPod-formatted H.264 [Download] - High Definition H.264 [Download] - MPEG-4 [Download] - MP3 Subscribe to Bleeding Edge TV… iTunes Others Standard version 720p HDTV M4V version 1080p HDTV MP4 version Video Transcript: BAG RUNDOWN This is the Ghostek NRG bag. I’m gonna leave a link to this, as well as everything in the bag, in the description below, but if you’re wanting to look this up on your own, it’s spelled N-R-G. Here’s what’s special about it. This is a bag built for gadgets. It’s ridiculously spacious, water resistant, and can charge  your gadgets when you’re on the go. More on that in a bit. You might be wondering why I called this the What’s in my Bag: Overkill edition, and you’re about to find out. As most of you know, I work from home, and creating tech content like this video is what I do for a living. What that means is, when I am on the go, it’s because I am leaving town - and that means I need everything necessary to keep the content flowing for you guys. Let’s start in the front pocket. Oh, and remember how I said this bag can charge up your gadgets? There’s a 7000mAh removable battery built in to this bag. It can be removed to be charged, or you can just open up the power port on the side of the bag and plug the AC adapter into there. The battery powers the USB port on the side of the backpack, which can charge up any smartphone or tablet. Even cooler, on the inside you’ll find built-in Lightning, microUSB, and Apple 30-pin charging cables, all of which are directly connected to the power in the bag as well. So, you are covered regardless of the device you have on you, and that’s pretty cool. MACBOOK Of course, when I’m on the go, I need my mobile workstation, and in this instance, that’s the 2016 MacBook. I’ve got the Rose Gold model with the upgraded 1.3GHz Intel Core M7 processor and 512GB of storage. I’ll be bringing you my review of Apple’s latest MacBook soon, but in my early tests it beats last years model easily. IPAD PRO In addition to the MacBook, I also keep a 12.9-inch LTE iPad Pro in my bag as well. Sometimes I just wanna use iOS apps to connect to my TiVo to watch shows, or stream Netflix, Hulu, or just play a game. Of course I’ve got the smart keyboard connected in case I also wanna get some work done... But yes, sometimes I don’t need the larger form factor, and therefore I ALSO have the 9.7-inch LTE iPad Pro with me as well. The larger model pretty much needs to be on a table or desk to be useable, and this smaller version is fine in the hands, and has that fresh True Tone display as well, which is great for reading. KINDLE OASIS That said, if I really wanna get some reading done without distractions or the temptation of other apps, I also have a Kindle e-reader in my bag at all times. RIght now, it’s the brand new Kindle Oasis, which Amazon just released last week. I’m a fan of this because it includes a leather charging cover, and a fully charged Kindle Oasis and Oasis case provides a ridiculous multi-month battery life. APPLE PENCIL Since I’ve got two iPad Pro units in my bag, it only makes sense that I’d also bring along the accessories that make the iPad Pro an iPad Pro. The Apple Pencil is definitely part of that equation, coming in handy when I’m making those sick YouTube thumbnails on the go. PowerAdd Slim2 CHARGER This small charger by PowerAdd sports 5000mAh of power, enough to recharge a current smartphone almost twice, and it’s not too big to fit into a pocket if you need to charge up while using your device. It’s also not too expensive at all at just $10. ANKER CHARGER But when I need more power, or to charge more than one device, this Anker charger is my go to. It’s sleek and slim, looks great, has 3 USB ports, a built-in flashlight, and has an incredible 20100mAh battery on the inside. You can even use this to charge the MacBook over USB-C. NINTENDO 3DS I’ve got the New Nintendo 3DS to take care of boredom on flights, as well as to give me an opportunity to get some gaming in since I’m so busy as home making videos nonstop. Specifically, this is the limited edition Legend of Zelda Majora’s Mask console. CABLES Of course, I need to have every cable that I may possibly need, because, you never know, right? Ethernet, Lightning, microUSB, mini USB, USB-C, etc. I’ve also got some USB-C dongles for the MacBook, in case I need to plug in a standard USB device or HDMI cable. IPHONE SE - VRS Design Case In the back pocket found on the rear of the NRG bag, I usually store a couple of extra smartphones. I’m usually reviewing and testing multiple models, and this is a great place to keep them protected. Here I have the iPhone SE, although you probably wouldn’t know it due to the unique case. This is actually another case from VRS Design, which can also hold some card or cash. Just like the LG G5, VRS design makes some sweet cases for iPhones as well. I’ll have more on these iPhone SE cases in a future video, so look out for that one. LG G5 - VRS Design Case Here I’ve got the LG G5, the latest flagship from LG. I keep that on me  in order to compare smartphones when I am doing reviews on the go. If you’re thinking about picking up the LG G5, I’ll leave a link to my full review video for you to check out. Oh, and to keep it protected, I’ve got it in a case from VRS Design. This one is called the High Pro Shield, and it’s two pieces - one soft piece that protects the phone from shock, and a hard bumper that goes around it. I’ve been trying out a bunch of different cases from VRS Design lately, and I’m a big fan of both the look and the quality of their designs. In fact, I’ll show you another one a little later on. If you need a case for your LG G5, VRS Design cases start at about $11. HTC 10 This is the HTC 10, and if you’ve been following my channel, you know that I picked my review unit up from the launch party that took place in New York City a couple of weeks ago. I’m just about done with my full review of the HTC 10, and while you wait for that, feel free to check out my coverage from the launch party, as well as my picks for the top 5 features on this device. NECTAR GLASSES: Dank Depending on where I’m going, sunglasses could be a necessity. I like to keep a pair of stylish but inexpensive shades with me at all times, just in case. I keep my more expensive sunglasses in my car, so when I’m on the go, I’m all about Nectar Sunglasses. Here you see the Dank edition Sunnies, which cost just $30. Moment Case and Lenses Moment Lenses and the accompanying Moment Case are invaluable tools for getting fantastic photos and videos using my iPhone 6S Plus (which isn’t in my bag because it’s home is my back pocket.) You insert the iPhone into the Moment Case, which is communicates with over Bluetooth, and provides a nice camera grip and shutter button. I have three lenses, all of which are premium glass. One is a wide angle, one is telephoto, and the last is a macro. Earin headphones I’m testing these Earin headphones. They are completely wireless Bluetooth earbuds. No wire to plug into your device, and no wire connected the two ear pieces. They’re decent so far, but audio drop outs on one ear or the other can get annoying. Still, many think wireless earbuds are the future, so I’m keeping my eye on this space. LSTN Wembley bamboo earbuds These LSTN Wembley earbuds are some of the best in-ears I have ever had the pleasure of listening to, which is why I’m not totally sold on the idea of completely wireless buds just yet. I’m usually more a fan of over-ear headphones, but I agreed to try out the LSTN buds and was immediately blown away by how great they sound - and the bamboo wood construction is beautiful. They’re noise-isolating and electro-acoustically tuned to produce high-end sounds quality at any volume, and the real wood housing provides a rich, full sound. Even better, your purchase helps support LSTN and Starkey Hearing Foundation’s mission to help restore hearing worldwide. Belkin SurgePlus USB Swivel Charger The Belkin SurgePlus has been a lifesaver, and it has had a spot in my travel bag for about 8 years. It plugs into a standard outlet, and provides you with three surge-protected AC outlets, as well as two USB charging ports. WHen you’re in a hotel room and outlets are scarce, the SurgePlus quickly becomes your best friend. Mophie Juice Pack When I’m on the go and don’t need to carry my bag with me, I look to the Mophie Juice Pack to keep my iPhone 6S running all day. It does double as a protective case, but that’s not why I use it - I just wanna be able to go from morning til late at night when I’m at these influencer events, and the Juice Pack means I don’t need to find an outlet. Audeze EL-8 Titanium This might be my favorite thing in my bag - the Audeze EL-8 headphones. World’s First Headphones With Fully Integrated Apple Lightning Cable. The EL-8 Titanium headphones come with an exclusive lightning cable that streams a complete 24-bit digital signal through a high quality DSP and DAC to offer better sound quality. The built in microphone can be used for phone calls and is SIRI compatible. An accompanying Audeze app can be used to apply EQ and sound presets. For non- Apple device compatibility, the headphones also include a standard analog cable. PlugBug PlugBug piggybacks onto your MacBook Power Adapter, creating a one-of-a-kind, dual charger for MacBook + USB devices like an iPhone or iPad, or really any USB-powered device. A newer model includes five international snap-on plugs and doubles as an international, stand-alone USB charger for iPhone and iPad. SanDisk USB-C Dual Flash Drive It has 32GB of storage, and the cool thing is that it can be plugged into both standard USB ports, as well as newer USB-C ports like the one found on the MacBook. That makes it easy to get files from one system to another, regardless of which USB type it supports. There you have it guys, that was your look inside my tech bag. I’m curious what you thought - I know I said it was overkill, but do you agree? Do you keep your bag nice and light, or are you hauling around even more stuff than I am? Hit me in the comments and let me know. Also, big shout out to Ghostek and VRS Designs for making this video happen, you’ll find links to the their products, as well as everything else I showed in this video, in the description below. If you need some new tech, be sure to hit our Gadget Giveaways playlist in order to see what giveaway we’re currently running, so that you can enter to win. If you liked what you saw today and if you wanna see more of these types of videos, please do hit that Like button, and if you loved it, be sure to Subscribe in order to find out about future video release. Thanks for watching as always, I definitely appreciate your support. I’m Andru Edwards, and I’ll catch you in the next video. You can also find us on: Twitter: Gear Live - Andru Edwards Facebook: Gear Live - Andru Edwards Google+: Gear Live - Andru Edwards Instagram: Gear Live - Andru Edwards Pinterest: http://pinterest.com/andru Tumblr: http://andru.tumblr.com Related Tags: andru, andru edwards, audeze el-8, best backpack 2016, everyday carry, gear live, ghostek, ghostek nrg, ghostek nrg bag review, ghostek nrg review, htc 10, iphone se, kindle oasis, tech backpack, tech bag tour, whats in my bag Tools: Permalink Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Comments (0) Forum Discussion Email this story Related Entries   Advertisement Forum Discussion Come join the discussion on this topic over on the Gear Live message boards. You need to be a member to participate, so sign up if you haven't already - it's free!    • Reply to this forum thread Comments: Be the first to comment Advertisement Commenting is not available in this weblog entry. Commenting is not available in this weblog entry. Featured Stories Bleeding Edge TV 594: Amazon Kindle Oasis review Bleeding Edge TV 589: HTC 10 camera review Bleeding Edge TV 588: HTC 10 review Recent Galleries Categories Accessories Announcements Apple Broadband Cameras Cell Phones CES Wearables Corporate News Design Editorial Features Google GPS Handhelds HDTV Home Entertainment Hot Deals Household Internet Microsoft Misc. Tech Mods / Hacks Movies Music PC / Laptop Peripherals Podcasts Portable Audio / Video Product Reviews Science Software Storage Toys Transportation Video Games Videocasts Videos Wireless / WiFi Advertisement Site Links Home Search GearLive RSS Feeds Popular Archive Terms of Use Privacy Policy Report a Website Bug All About Gear Live About Us & Contact How GearLive Works FAQs Jobs at GearLive Gear Live Tools Check out the Gear Live Touls that let you integrate Gear Live into your site. Advertise You can buy advertising on Gear Live through our advertising partner Federated Media. Gear Live Social Check us out on: Facebook YouTube Twitter MySpace Blip.tv Gear Live Store New! Get Gear Live hats, shirts, hoodies and more at the new GearLive Store, coming soon. © Gear Live Media, LLC. 2007 – User-posted content, unless source is quoted, is licensed under a Creative Commons Public Domain License. Gear Live graphics, logos, designs, page headers, button icons, videos, articles, blogs, forums, scripts and other service names are the trademarks of Gear Live Inc. Gear Live Presents: Gear Live Most Recent Most Clicks Google Pixel vs. Nexus 6P: Which is the Better Android Smartphone? Keeping your devices and info secure this holiday season (and win a trip!) Vizio M50-D1 4K HDR TV SmartCast display review SLEEPTRACKER Watch Review Mod Your XBOX Without a Mod Chip Flash on iPhone is just around the corner Gear Live Presents: Bleeding Edge TV Most Recent Most Clicks Bleeding Edge TV 603: Lightning vs. 3.5mm Headphones Challenge Bleeding Edge TV 602: Sennheiser Momentum 2.0 headphones review Bleeding Edge TV 601: Ghostek Atomic 2.0 Galaxy S7 case review Bleeding Edge TV 179: How To Mod Your iPhone on Windows Using iBrickr Bleeding Edge TV 190: How to Replace Your iPhone Battery Bleeding Edge Byte 025: Melting Hard Drives With Thermite Gear Live Presents: PlayFeed Most Recent Most Clicks Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes Is a Surprisingly Great Mobile Game Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas is fun, but Xbox 360 HD remaster is rough Humble Mozilla Bundle lets you play awesome games without leaving your browser E3 2005: Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi Impressions Xbox 360 Controller for Windows Installation Images Apparently That Xbox 360 Red Light of Doom Problem Hasn’t Been Fixed Gear Live Presents: Unboxing Most Recent Most Clicks Unboxing Live 196: Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Unboxing Live 195: HP Elite X2 Unboxing Live 194: HTC 10 Carbon Gray Xbox 360 Messenger Kit Unboxing Gallery Xbox 360 Halo 3 Special Edition Unboxing Gallery The T-Mobile Sidekick 3 Unboxed Gear Live Presents: TV Envy Most Recent Most Clicks Katie Holmes Almost Landed ‘OITNB’ Role Conan O’Brien Still Rivals with Jay Leno TV Scoop: ‘Malefiftycent,’ Gillian Jacobs on ‘Girls,’ ‘True Blood’ Tidbits Vanessa Hudgens Admits to Nude Photo Kelly Clarkson Snubs American Idol Idol Producers, Judges Speak Out About Antonella Barba Pics Gear Live Presents: Film Crunch Most Recent Most Clicks The Interview now available, $5.99 to rent, $14.99 to buy “Crazy In Love” Was the “Perfect Fit” for ‘50 Shades’ Trailer Samuel L. Jackson Shocked by Harrison Ford’s Set Accident Mr. Skin Lists Greatest Nude Scenes in New Book Review: Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Celebrity Double-Take: Amy Adams vs. Isla Fisher Gear Live Presents: Endscore Most Recent Most Clicks EndScore Report: NFL Week 3 Predictions EndScore Report: Mariano Rivera sets MLB Saves record EndScore Report: In Your Face, Deon Grant and DeAngelo Hall James Blake’s Girlfriend, Jennifer Scholle, Makes it to Maxim Magazine Cold Pizza’s Dana Jacobson is Single American League Fantasy Notes:  A.L. East Gear Live Presents: Dropping Dimes Most Recent Most Clicks First Look: Tuesday, March 17 First Look: Friday, March 13 First Look: Thursday, March 12 Do Not Draft Amare Stoudemire! My PFS Experts League Team Dropping Dimes Draft Blog: Round 1, Pick 7 Gear Live Presents: Food Squeeze Most Recent Most Clicks Alton Brown presents his sumptuous ‘Grilled Grilled Cheese’ [Video] Yelp names the top 100 places to eat in the US 3 steps to easily remove pomegranate seeds A Guide To Different Apple Types Apple Nutrition Facts Fresh Beet Salad Recipe Gear Live Presents: Venturus Most Recent Most Clicks Tumblr user numbers in massive freefall Twitter finally allows you to mute your friends The Problem with Facebook [Video] Get Your phpBB Forums Indexed Blog Business Summit: 10 Ways To A Killer Blog Blog Business Summit: What’s Next In Online Communication? Home Tech Entertainment Sports Lifestyle Events Video Shows Personalities Forums Gallery About Archives Contact
    _DavidSmith Apps : About : Podcast : Twitter : RSS A Sizeable Cleanup September 3rd, 2016 Last week we got news that Apple will be starting to clean out apps “that no longer function as intended, don’t follow current review guidelines, or are outdated.” This is fantastic news. Back in 2014 a program like this was my #1 hope in my Towards a Better App Store series. Wherein I argued that all apps on the Store should be required to keep up to date with the modern review requirements. There are all kinds of challenges with cleaning out old apps. It is quite reasonable to argue that just because it hasn’t been updated in a while doesn’t make an app ‘bad’, however, that argument only holds water so far. After a certain point if an app is just left on the Store it will start to hurt the user experience. Determining that line is extremely tricky but there are certain aspects that are very straightforward. The simplest are those that are objective rather than subjective. While Apple hasn’t said exactly the criteria they are going to apply, a few reasonable guesses are likely. If an app wouldn’t pass modern app review criteria and if it doesn’t function at all on modern devices. Beyond those it will get into the grey area where I expect them to (through trial-and-error) find the right balance between longevity and freshness. As with all things I wanted to quantify the scale of this cleanup. I have no way of really knowing the scale of things with regards to functionality based criteria. But I can make some good guesses as to the more straightforward reasons to remove an app. The simplest of which would be to see how many apps could not possibly support 64-bit. Since June, 2015 it has been a requirement that all new app updates include a 64 bit binary. It was only possible to include such a binary starting on September 9, 2014. So any app that wasn’t updated since then necessarily couldn’t pass modern review. Of the App Store’s roughly 2M apps my initial analysis showed that roughly 585,000 apps would fall short of this (or roughly 27% of apps). Beyond that straight forward requirement things get a bit more vague. How old is tooo old? How broken is tooo broken? How long can an app go without updates before it is abandoned? These are much harder for me to guess for Apple’s policies. If they set the requirement at one year since last update nearly half of the apps in the Store would go. But that might be a bit too broad of a brush. I’d guess something more case-by-case rather than a strict age rule (except for when a new submission requirement like 64-bit is added). Wherever the scope of the cleanup falls the results should be substantial. Both to customers who should have far fewer bad app download experiences and for developers who will be able to sell their apps in a cleaner storefront. Of the twelve items I had initially hoped for back in 2014 around 5 of them are now in the App Store. While I could grump about the remaining 7, instead I’m simply delighted that for the first time in what feels like forever I’m seeing significant and profound progress on the platform on which I make my living. Which I must say is a fantastic feeling. September 3rd, 2016 David Smith David Smith Copyright © 2016 - David Smith All Rights Reserved. I use affiliate links when linking to iTunes and Amazon.
Welcome! Please Log In Home Portfolio Stocks Bonds Funds ETFs CEFs Markets Tools Real Life Finance Discuss   First Name Last Name   Required field.       Required field.       Zip Code E-mail Address   Required field.       Required field.       Password 8-24 characters, with one letter & one number No more than 4 repeating/consecutive characters   Required field.     Verify Password   Required field.     Yes! I'd like to receive your periodic e-newsletter, and information about new features, products and member benefits. What is your occupation or job title? Select... Accountant (CPA) Business Owner/Self Employed Executive (CEO,CIO,CFO,CTO) Consultant Engineer Financial Planner / Advisor (CFP,RIA) Financial Professional (Other) Insurance Agent (Other) Medical (MD, RN, etc.) Other Professional/Managerial Retired Sales / Marketing Stockbroker / Registered Rep (Series 7)   Required field.       Your registration indicates agreement to the Morningstar.com terms of use.         Already a Member? Please Log in.     Use your e-mail address and password to log in to the site.     E-mail Address     Password     Check this box and well automatically remember your login information.   If you have forgotten your e-mail address, please type your user name here, and type your password in the password field above.   User Name         Forget your password?  Click here for help.     To learn more about Free and Premium Membership, Click here.   Corrections Site Map Help Advertising Opportunities Licensing Opportunites Glossary Store © Copyright 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Quotes for NASDAQ are 15 minutes delayed. All other exchanges are delayed 20 minutes.
null
Welcome, Guest Login Register Be sure to register or log in to earn points for interacting with our community! RSS Subscribe Email News Tips Home Tech Gadgets Apple iPhone Apps Video Games Unboxing Holiday Gift Guide Entertainment Celebrity Gossip Music Movies Television Comics Sports Pro Sports Basketball Football Baseball Hockey Lifestyle Cuisine Fashion Women Politics Events CES E3 Mind Camp Personalities Andru Edwards Video Shows The Bleeding Edge The End Score Report FilmCrunch Unboxing Live! Forums Gallery About Archives Contact On Gear Live: iPhone 7 Plus & Google Pixel XL Giveaway! Latest Video: Bleeding Edge TV 603: Lightning vs. 3.5mm Headphones Challenge We compare Lightning headphones to 3.5mm models in this episode! Play Video Close Player   Episode Permalink Comment on this Video Subscribe to this show via iTunes, Miro, or RSS Download for: iPod High Definition Download: High Definition iPod Version XviD Version Subscribe: iTunes High Definition iTunes iPod Version RSS Saturday September 3, 2016 9:38 am Bleeding Edge TV 585: iPad Pro 9.7-inch Review Tweet Posted by Andru Edwards Categories: Apple, Features, Handhelds, Podcasts, Videocasts, Videos Apple released a new, 9.7-inch version of the iPad Pro two weeks ago. It’s an effort to reinvigorate tablet sales, while offering additional features not ever seen on a tablet before…but is it worth your money? In this episode I explain why this is one of the best tablets you can buy. My final verdict? If you’re in the market for a new tablet, it’s hard to go wrong with choosing the iPad Pro 9.7 inch if you don’t need anything bigger. Forget about the Pro moniker, and just enjoy it for what it is - the best tablet that Apple has ever made. You can pick up the iPad Pro 9.7-inch model starting at $599 for the 32GB, $749 128GB, and $899 256GB if you want a Wi-Fi model. If you want a cellular version, those are  $729 for 32GB, $879 for 128GB, and $1029 for 256GB. You can pick up the iPad Pro 9.7-inch now. Don't forget to subscribe to Gear Live's YouTube channel--also, we are giving away awesome perks for our Patreon backers - thanks for your support!   Here's how to get the show: [Download] - iPod-formatted H.264 [Download] - High Definition H.264 [Download] - MPEG-4 [Download] - MP3 Subscribe to Bleeding Edge TV… iTunes Others Standard version 720p HDTV M4V version 1080p HDTV MP4 version Video Transcript: Apple released a new, 9.7-inch version of the iPad Pro two weeks ago. It’s an effort to reinvigorate tablet sales, while offering additional features not ever seen on a tablet before…but is it worth your money? In this episode I explain why this is one of the best tablets you can buy. Stay tuned. Hey guys, welcome to Bleeding Edge TV - this is the show that bring you news and reviews through the eyes of Gear Live.com. My name is Andru Edwards, editor in chief of GearLive. Today as I mentioned in the beginning of this video, I’m gonna be bringing you my full review of the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, which was released just a couple of weeks ago by Apple. However, I’m gonna be doing this review a little differently - this is going to be a deep dive look at all aspects of this tablet. This is actually going to be a Peel. Basically, I’ll go into all the different layer of the iPad Pro 9.7-inch model, and this video is made in collaboration with ProductPeel.com, which will allow you to join in with me and incorporate your thoughts and opinions on this device as well. You can find out more at ProductPeel.com - the site is invite-only right now, but I have a bunch of invite codes - hit the link below and I’ll get you in. Now, let’s Peel the iPad Pro. HARDWARE This is my multi-part series looking at the new 9.7-inch iPad Pro. Be sure to check the playlist for the other parts that cover display & sound, performance & battery life, unboxing, and accessories! In this portion, we’re focusing on the hardware. Apple unveiled the iPad Pro at a recent event where it also released the iPhone SE. Both devices actually have a similar philosophies. The take the power found in the larger form factor, and shrink it down to fit into a more manageable size for portability. In other words, the 9.7-inch iPad Pro take the A9X chipset found in the larger model, and brings it to the smaller form factor. You also get the four-speaker configuration from its larger sibling, rather than the two speaker setup found on previous models, with a thin form factor, measuring in at 6.1mm and weighing 0.96 pounds. What you don’t get is the 4GB of RAM found on the original iPad Pro. With the 9.7-inch model, you get 2GB, which is the same as what you’ll get if you pick up an iPad Air. In my findings, though, the difference is very negligible for almost all users. In some ways, the smaller, newer iPad Pro is more impressive than the larger model, so let’s peel into those differences. For starters, it has the 12-megapixel rear camera with f/2.2 lens that you’ll find on the iPhone 6S. It’s the best camera Apple has ever put into a tablet - although, as with Apple’s flagship smartphone, you’ll get the antenna bump on back - but seriously, it isn’t a big deal at all. The plastic LTW band that’s been a mainstay since the original iPad is gone on the smaller Pro, replaced by iPhone-like antenna bands. As far as the rest of the device from a hardware perspective, you get the power button up top, the three-pin Smart Connector on the left for accessories, and a 27.5Wh battery on the inside. There’s a lot of power here, and as such you can expect to pay a premium. The iPad Pro starts at $599 - that gets you 32GB of storage and Wi-Fi connectivity. There are also 128GB and 256GB models as well, which cost an extra $150 and $300 respectively. Add cellular capabilities, and you add another $130 to the price. The ones I am testing are a feature-packed rose gold LTE model with 256GB of storage, which retails for $1,029, as well as a space gray 128GB LTE model which sells for $879. Big shout out to AT&T here in Seattle for sending over the space gray unit that we’re using for comparison. As you can see, you get two choices of color for the front of the device - if you choose gold, rose gold, or silver, you get a white bezel on front. If you want the black bezel instead, you have to opt for the space gray color. Also you’ll notice that the antenna band at the top has changed from previous iPads, where it was a big plastic slab. The bands are made to compliment the color of the iPad - on these two you see that it’s white on the Rose Gold color, while it’s gray on the space gray AT&T model. DISPLAY AND SOUND Let’s get this out of the way right off the bat. The display on the iPad Pro is amazing. I’ll Peel into this further in order to explain why I love this screen so much. It’s a 9.7-inch LED Retina display with a 2048 x 1536 resolution, matching the resolution of all the previous 9.7-inch iPads with Retina displays. That’s down from the 2732 x 2048 resolution of the larger iPad Pro, but it’s the same pixel density. What’s changed is that you now get support for the P3 color gamut, which is a standard that can show 25% greater color saturation and is used widely in the cinema industry. It’s the same spec that can be found on the newest 4K and 5K iMacs. The display is also brighter by about 100 nits, which makes it better when in direct sunlight - speaking of which, Apple says that they’ve also made the screen 40% less reflective, which is another nice touch for anyone who likes to use their iPad outdoors. The final big feature added to the display on the smaller iPad Pro is True Tone. What this does is use the four ambient light sensors that are embedded into the front of the iPad, which allows it to recognize the color temperature of the light in the room or environment that you’re in. Then, the display will match that color temperature in order to make it look more natural. The idea here is that if you take a white piece of paper into a room with more yellowish light, the paper will take on a yellow hue. If you take that same piece of paper into another room with bright fluorescent lighting, it will take on a more blueish tone. This is what the display on the iPad Pro does. Of course, you can toggle this off if you are doing work that requires accurate color representation, like image editing or color grading. For all other times though, it’s a nice feature to have, and does make a genuine difference as it pertains to eye strain. As for sound, Apple has really nailed the concept of getting loud sound out of a thin tablet. They did it in the larger iPad Pro, and I was skeptical that it would be able to pull it off with less space, but they did. These speakers are just as loud and clear. You also get the same effect out of the four speaker array—that it, regardless of which way you are holding the iPad Pro, the top two speakers will handle the highs and mids, and the bottom two speakers will handle the lows, and it’s that separation that sets the iPad Pro sound experience apart from the rest of the pack in the tablet world. Whether you are watching a video or playing a game, the speakers succeed in immersing you in the experience. PERFORMANCE AND BATTERY LIFE Now let’s Peel into performance and battery life. At first glance, you’ll notice that the smaller iPad Pro that we are focusing on here has only half the RAM of its larger sibling, that being 2GB of RAM instead of 4GB. In fact, it’s the same amount of RAM that was found in the iPad Air 2. This may worry some people that there aren’t any gains in speed to be found here, but that just isn’t the case. We can credit the processing power to Apple’s A9X chipset, which makes the 9.7 inch iPad Pro almost as fast as its larger counterpart, and much faster than the iPad Air 2. The 64-bit A9X chip is so powerful, that is allows the iPad to do tasks that only PCs could do, yet remains super efficient, doing its job without draining your battery. If you’re just using one app at a time in order to check and send email, iMessages, Twitter and Facebook updates, and even things like photo editing, you are gonna feel the speed and not see any hiccups. In fact, even when multitasking with the Slide Over pane, or running two apps side-by-side in split screen felt great. So what about more intense apps? Games like Warhammer 40,000 and AG Drive did their thing without a hiccup, and I even rendered a small 4K clip as well using iMovie, which processed faster than any other 9.7-inch iPad that Apple’s ever released. It’s such a big difference in power that it’s just plain noticeable. You get things done faster and more efficient and with less frustration. Ok, so with all that performance power, you’re probably wondering “what’s up with that battery tho?” Apple has always prided itself on saying that every iPad it has ever released gets a minimum of 10 hours of battery life. The iPad Air 2, iPad mini 4, and iPad Pro 12.9-inch each beat this mark (and actually, the iPad mini 4 obliterated it) - unfortunately with the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, I was only able to get about 9 hours and 30 minutes out of the battery with my testing method of playing back to back HD videos nonstop with the screen set to 50% brightness. Now don’t get me wrong, that is still a lot of screen on time, and personally isn’t a big deal to me, but it’s still something that should be noted. Luckily, not everyone uses their iPad for hours-long Netflix sessions, and when using it normally for things like email, YouTube, music streaming, gaming and all that, the iPad Pro would last me three or four days before needed to be charged up again. CAMERAS To touch on the cameras a bit, Apple has brought its best cameras to the iPad Pro. What I mean by that is, on every other iPad model ever released, Apple has always fitted them with previous-generation iPhone cameras. With the iPad Pro 9.7-inch model, it gets the same 12 megapixel iSight camera that you will find on the current iPhone flagship iPhone 6S, which can capture 4K video, 240 frame per second slow motion, and Live Photos. It’s also the first iPad to ever feature a flash - in this case, it’s the True Tone flash, also taken from the current iPhone. Around front, it’s the same thing. The iPad Pro sports a 5 megapixel FaceTime HD camera, with Retina Flash with True Tone. That just means that it uses the screen itself to act as the flash, and the true tone means it will use jus the right color of light to match your environment and keep things looking natural. These are the best cameras to ever ship on an iPad, they’ll capture videos and photos at just as high a quality as the newest iPhones, and that means Apple is going all in on tablet photography. ACCESSORIES Now let’s Peel into the accessories that make the iPad Pro an iPad Pro. Obviously, Apple products have a huge accessory ecosystem, especially iOS devices. Instead, we’re focusing specifically on the two Pro accessories that Apple makes for the iPad Pro line. The Apple Pencil and the Smart Keyboard. Let’s start with the Pencil. The Apple Pencil works just as nicely on the 9.7-inch iPad Pro as it does on the 12.9-inch model. In fact, for someone like me who isn’t an artist by any stretch of the imagination, I find that the Apple Pencil works better for me with the smaller Pro tablet because it feel closer to a piece of paper and less like a canvas, almost like carrying around a clipboard. If that’s you, then you may find the same. If you’re an artist who loves to draw and wants as much space as possible to do it, then the larger device may be more your style. The Apple Pencil sells for $99. Then there’s the Smart Keyboard. Since the iPad itself is smaller, Apple released a smaller Smart Keyboard for the iPad Pro 9.7 inch model, which makes sense. However, this means that the keys and overall space on the keyboard is smaller, making it more cramped to type on. This was my biggest fear about this iPad Pro, because I love the Smart Keyboard experience on the larger model, and I didn’t want something that would be uncomfortable. Luckily, it just took a minute or two before I was flying on the smaller keyboard. From a mechanical perspective, the devices are the same - they connect to the iPad Pro by way of the Smart Connector on the left side of the device, which feeds power to the keyboard. In fact, to prove that they are exactly the same, I was able to use the smaller Keyboard with the larger iPad Pro, and the larger Keyboard with the smaller iPad Pro with no problems. Of course, it did look fairly ridiculous. But, it’s an iPad hack - if you want a fuller keyboard for the smaller iPad Pro, but the more expensive and larger keyboard. Alternatively, if you have a larger iPad Pro and wanna save some money on the Keyboard, buy the smaller model! The Smart Keyboard sells for $149 for the smaller iPad Pro, and $179 for the larger model. WRAP UP So, there you have it! We’ve peeled through the new 9.7-inch iPad Pro, taking a deep-dive look at the hardware, and how it fits into my everyday lift based on my usage patterns. I’d love to hear about your thoughts in Apple’s flagship tablet, and you can do that over on ProductPeel - I’ll leave a link in the description below. It’s invite-only currently, but I’ve got invite codes to get you guys in so you can share your perspective as well. Of course, feel free to ask me any clarifying questions about the iPad Pro on Product Peel as well. My final verdict? If you’re in the market for a new tablet, it’s hard to go wrong with choosing the iPad Pro 9.7 inch if you don’t need anything bigger. Forget about the Pro moniker, and just enjoy it for what it is - the best tablet that Apple has ever made. You can pick up the iPad Pro 9.7-inch model starting at $599 for the 32GB, $749 128GB, and $899 256GB if you want a Wi-Fi model. If you want a cellular version, those are  $729 for 32GB, $879 for 128GB, and $1029 for 256GB. Be sure to hit the like button if you enjoyed this deeper dive style video, and maybe will start Peeling more devices for you guys in the future to really give you a strong sense of their actual capabilities and how they fit into every day lift. If you’re new here, or you just haven’t done it yet, feel free to hit the subscribe button in order to be notified when we release a new review, unboxing, tutorial, Peel, and the like. It’s free, and it helps us out more than you know. Thanks a lot for watching as always guys, your support means a lot. I’m Andru Edwards, and I’ll catch you in the next video. You can also find us on: Twitter: Gear Live - Andru Edwards Facebook: Gear Live - Andru Edwards Google+: Gear Live - Andru Edwards Instagram: Gear Live - Andru Edwards Pinterest: http://pinterest.com/andru Tumblr: http://andru.tumblr.com Related Tags: adslice, andru, andru edwards, apple pencil, apple pencil review, best tablet 2016, gear live, ipad pro 9.7 vs 12.9, ipad pro review, ipad pro rose gold, ipad pro vs ipad mini, ipd pro 9.7-inch review, smart keyboard, tablet reviews Tools: Permalink Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Comments (0) Forum Discussion Email this story Related Entries   Advertisement Forum Discussion Come join the discussion on this topic over on the Gear Live message boards. You need to be a member to participate, so sign up if you haven't already - it's free!    • Reply to this forum thread Comments: Be the first to comment Advertisement Commenting is not available in this weblog entry. Commenting is not available in this weblog entry. Featured Stories Bleeding Edge TV 594: Amazon Kindle Oasis review Bleeding Edge TV 589: HTC 10 camera review Bleeding Edge TV 588: HTC 10 review Recent Galleries Categories Accessories Announcements Apple Broadband Cameras Cell Phones CES Wearables Corporate News Design Editorial Features Google GPS Handhelds HDTV Home Entertainment Hot Deals Household Internet Microsoft Misc. Tech Mods / Hacks Movies Music PC / Laptop Peripherals Podcasts Portable Audio / Video Product Reviews Science Software Storage Toys Transportation Video Games Videocasts Videos Wireless / WiFi Advertisement Site Links Home Search GearLive RSS Feeds Popular Archive Terms of Use Privacy Policy Report a Website Bug All About Gear Live About Us & Contact How GearLive Works FAQs Jobs at GearLive Gear Live Tools Check out the Gear Live Touls that let you integrate Gear Live into your site. Advertise You can buy advertising on Gear Live through our advertising partner Federated Media. Gear Live Social Check us out on: Facebook YouTube Twitter MySpace Blip.tv Gear Live Store New! Get Gear Live hats, shirts, hoodies and more at the new GearLive Store, coming soon. © Gear Live Media, LLC. 2007 – User-posted content, unless source is quoted, is licensed under a Creative Commons Public Domain License. Gear Live graphics, logos, designs, page headers, button icons, videos, articles, blogs, forums, scripts and other service names are the trademarks of Gear Live Inc. Gear Live Presents: Gear Live Most Recent Most Clicks Google Pixel vs. Nexus 6P: Which is the Better Android Smartphone? Keeping your devices and info secure this holiday season (and win a trip!) Vizio M50-D1 4K HDR TV SmartCast display review SLEEPTRACKER Watch Review Mod Your XBOX Without a Mod Chip Flash on iPhone is just around the corner Gear Live Presents: Bleeding Edge TV Most Recent Most Clicks Bleeding Edge TV 603: Lightning vs. 3.5mm Headphones Challenge Bleeding Edge TV 602: Sennheiser Momentum 2.0 headphones review Bleeding Edge TV 601: Ghostek Atomic 2.0 Galaxy S7 case review Bleeding Edge TV 179: How To Mod Your iPhone on Windows Using iBrickr Bleeding Edge TV 190: How to Replace Your iPhone Battery Bleeding Edge Byte 025: Melting Hard Drives With Thermite Gear Live Presents: PlayFeed Most Recent Most Clicks Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes Is a Surprisingly Great Mobile Game Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas is fun, but Xbox 360 HD remaster is rough Humble Mozilla Bundle lets you play awesome games without leaving your browser E3 2005: Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi Impressions Xbox 360 Controller for Windows Installation Images Apparently That Xbox 360 Red Light of Doom Problem Hasn’t Been Fixed Gear Live Presents: Unboxing Most Recent Most Clicks Unboxing Live 196: Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Unboxing Live 195: HP Elite X2 Unboxing Live 194: HTC 10 Carbon Gray Xbox 360 Messenger Kit Unboxing Gallery Xbox 360 Halo 3 Special Edition Unboxing Gallery The T-Mobile Sidekick 3 Unboxed Gear Live Presents: TV Envy Most Recent Most Clicks Katie Holmes Almost Landed ‘OITNB’ Role Conan O’Brien Still Rivals with Jay Leno TV Scoop: ‘Malefiftycent,’ Gillian Jacobs on ‘Girls,’ ‘True Blood’ Tidbits Vanessa Hudgens Admits to Nude Photo Kelly Clarkson Snubs American Idol Idol Producers, Judges Speak Out About Antonella Barba Pics Gear Live Presents: Film Crunch Most Recent Most Clicks The Interview now available, $5.99 to rent, $14.99 to buy “Crazy In Love” Was the “Perfect Fit” for ‘50 Shades’ Trailer Samuel L. Jackson Shocked by Harrison Ford’s Set Accident Mr. Skin Lists Greatest Nude Scenes in New Book Review: Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Celebrity Double-Take: Amy Adams vs. Isla Fisher Gear Live Presents: Endscore Most Recent Most Clicks EndScore Report: NFL Week 3 Predictions EndScore Report: Mariano Rivera sets MLB Saves record EndScore Report: In Your Face, Deon Grant and DeAngelo Hall James Blake’s Girlfriend, Jennifer Scholle, Makes it to Maxim Magazine Cold Pizza’s Dana Jacobson is Single American League Fantasy Notes:  A.L. East Gear Live Presents: Dropping Dimes Most Recent Most Clicks First Look: Tuesday, March 17 First Look: Friday, March 13 First Look: Thursday, March 12 Do Not Draft Amare Stoudemire! My PFS Experts League Team Dropping Dimes Draft Blog: Round 1, Pick 7 Gear Live Presents: Food Squeeze Most Recent Most Clicks Alton Brown presents his sumptuous ‘Grilled Grilled Cheese’ [Video] Yelp names the top 100 places to eat in the US 3 steps to easily remove pomegranate seeds A Guide To Different Apple Types Apple Nutrition Facts Fresh Beet Salad Recipe Gear Live Presents: Venturus Most Recent Most Clicks Tumblr user numbers in massive freefall Twitter finally allows you to mute your friends The Problem with Facebook [Video] Get Your phpBB Forums Indexed Blog Business Summit: 10 Ways To A Killer Blog Blog Business Summit: What’s Next In Online Communication? Home Tech Entertainment Sports Lifestyle Events Video Shows Personalities Forums Gallery About Archives Contact
Welcome, Guest Login Register Be sure to register or log in to earn points for interacting with our community! RSS Subscribe Email News Tips Home Tech Gadgets Apple iPhone Apps Video Games Unboxing Holiday Gift Guide Entertainment Celebrity Gossip Music Movies Television Comics Sports Pro Sports Basketball Football Baseball Hockey Lifestyle Cuisine Fashion Women Politics Events CES E3 Mind Camp Personalities Andru Edwards Video Shows The Bleeding Edge The End Score Report FilmCrunch Unboxing Live! Forums Gallery About Archives Contact On Unboxing: Unboxing Live 192: HTC 10 Top 5 Features! Latest Video: Bleeding Edge TV 603: Lightning vs. 3.5mm Headphones Challenge We compare Lightning headphones to 3.5mm models in this episode! Play Video Close Player   Episode Permalink Comment on this Video Subscribe to this show via iTunes, Miro, or RSS Download for: iPod High Definition Download: High Definition iPod Version XviD Version Subscribe: iTunes High Definition iTunes iPod Version RSS Saturday September 3, 2016 10:03 am Bleeding Edge TV 586: Apple MacBook (2016) Review [1.3GHz Core m7] Tweet Posted by Andru Edwards Categories: Apple, Features, PC / Laptop, Podcasts, Product Reviews, Videocasts, Videos The new 2016 Apple MacBook brings with it a number of hardware upgrades, as well as a new Rose Gold color. We get into all the changes, including up-close looks at the Gold and rose gold colors, benchmarks on the faster SSD, Intel graphics chip, and RAM. Is this the best Mac laptop that you can buy when looking for a mix or portability, power, and a great display? Find out in our MacBook review. You can pick up the Apple MacBook now. Don't forget to subscribe to Gear Live's YouTube channel--also, we are giving away awesome perks for our Patreon backers - thanks for your support!   Here's how to get the show: [Download] - iPod-formatted H.264 [Download] - High Definition H.264 [Download] - MPEG-4 [Download] - MP3 Subscribe to Bleeding Edge TV… iTunes Others Standard version 720p HDTV M4V version 1080p HDTV MP4 version Video Transcript: SKYLAKE PROCESSORS For 2016, Apple has outfitted the MacBooks with Intel’s Skylake Core M processors. You get the choice of the dual-core M3, M5, or M7. It breaks down like this - the Core M3 is a 1.1GHz chip that Turbo Boosts to 2.7GHz. The M5 is 1.2GHz with Turbo Boost up to 2.7GHz. Finally, the Core M7, which is a built to order option, is 1.3GHz with Turbo Boost up to 3.1GHz. Each model rocks the Intel HD Graphics 515 chipset, which is 25% faster than last years graphics chip. What’s interesting is that these models seem to be in Turbo Boost mode at almost all times. In fact, the M7 model is just about 4% slower than the previous-generation MacBook Pro in terms of processor speed, and that’s quite the surprise. FASTER FLASH STORAGE, RAM, AND GRAPHICS The second big change to the 2016 lineup is the inclusion of faster flash storage. This is the chips used to store your data on the MacBook. The new chips can do sequential reads of up to 1 GBps, which is 20% faster than the previous model. While a 20% read speed gain in great, even more impressive is that write speeds are 90% faster on the 2016 MacBook when compared to its predecessor. That’s a big deal, and means that when you are using the MacBook to get things done, you won’t feel the squeeze. The 2016 MacBook is definitely greater than the sum of its parts. The faster flash storage is paired with faster RAM as well - you get 8GB or 1867MHz DDR3 RAM, which is an increase from last years 1600MHz RAM. On top of that, there’s also the new Intel HD Graphics 515 chip, which Apple says increases graphics performance by 25%/ My main complaint with the 2015 MacBook is that it always felt like it was one step behind me, always trying to catch up to what I was doing, whether it was launching apps, or even the simple act of typing. With the new model, that issue has all but disappeared. ROSE GOLD Apple introduced the Rose Gold hue on the Apple Watch Edition - that was real Rose Gold. Then it brought Rose Gold colored aluminum to the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus smartphone line. Shortly after, it brought Rose Gold to the Apple Watch Sport. A couple of weeks ago, the 9.7-inch iPad brought Rose Gold to Apple’s tablet line, and now with the 2016 MacBook, Apple brings the hue to its computers. From the outside, the 2016 MacBook looks exactly the same as the 2015 version, with the Rose Gold color being the only external choice that sets it apart visually. In some light the color looks more pink, in others it looks damn near close to the standard gold. It can even take on a copper color. Of course, if Rose Gold isn’t your thing, you can also pick up the MacBook in Silver, Gold, and Space Gray as well. CONCLUSION So, should you buy it? Ultimately, the 2016 MacBook feels like a much more capable computer than its predecessor. There’s always the waiting game you can play, which in this case would be waiting to see what Apple has up its sleeve for WWDC before pulling the trigger, just in case there’s a thinner, more powerful MacBook Pro around the corner. However, with the faster internal specs, the MacBook is capable of accomplishing those everyday tasks that you’ll want to throw at it, and this year it does it without complaining back at you by way of a multi-colored beachball. You can also find us on: Twitter: Gear Live - Andru Edwards Facebook: Gear Live - Andru Edwards Google+: Gear Live - Andru Edwards Instagram: Gear Live - Andru Edwards Pinterest: http://pinterest.com/andru Tumblr: http://andru.tumblr.com Related Tags: 12-inc macbook, 12-inch macbook review, 2016 macbook, adslice, andru, andru edwards, gear live, macbook, macbook gold, macbook review, macbook specs, pink macbook, rose gold macbook review Tools: Permalink Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Comments (0) Forum Discussion Email this story Related Entries   Advertisement Forum Discussion Come join the discussion on this topic over on the Gear Live message boards. You need to be a member to participate, so sign up if you haven't already - it's free!    • Reply to this forum thread Comments: Be the first to comment Advertisement Commenting is not available in this weblog entry. Commenting is not available in this weblog entry. Featured Stories Bleeding Edge TV 594: Amazon Kindle Oasis review Bleeding Edge TV 589: HTC 10 camera review Bleeding Edge TV 588: HTC 10 review Recent Galleries Categories Accessories Announcements Apple Broadband Cameras Cell Phones CES Wearables Corporate News Design Editorial Features Google GPS Handhelds HDTV Home Entertainment Hot Deals Household Internet Microsoft Misc. Tech Mods / Hacks Movies Music PC / Laptop Peripherals Podcasts Portable Audio / Video Product Reviews Science Software Storage Toys Transportation Video Games Videocasts Videos Wireless / WiFi Advertisement Site Links Home Search GearLive RSS Feeds Popular Archive Terms of Use Privacy Policy Report a Website Bug All About Gear Live About Us & Contact How GearLive Works FAQs Jobs at GearLive Gear Live Tools Check out the Gear Live Touls that let you integrate Gear Live into your site. Advertise You can buy advertising on Gear Live through our advertising partner Federated Media. Gear Live Social Check us out on: Facebook YouTube Twitter MySpace Blip.tv Gear Live Store New! Get Gear Live hats, shirts, hoodies and more at the new GearLive Store, coming soon. © Gear Live Media, LLC. 2007 – User-posted content, unless source is quoted, is licensed under a Creative Commons Public Domain License. Gear Live graphics, logos, designs, page headers, button icons, videos, articles, blogs, forums, scripts and other service names are the trademarks of Gear Live Inc. Gear Live Presents: Gear Live Most Recent Most Clicks Google Pixel vs. Nexus 6P: Which is the Better Android Smartphone? Keeping your devices and info secure this holiday season (and win a trip!) Vizio M50-D1 4K HDR TV SmartCast display review SLEEPTRACKER Watch Review Mod Your XBOX Without a Mod Chip Flash on iPhone is just around the corner Gear Live Presents: Bleeding Edge TV Most Recent Most Clicks Bleeding Edge TV 603: Lightning vs. 3.5mm Headphones Challenge Bleeding Edge TV 602: Sennheiser Momentum 2.0 headphones review Bleeding Edge TV 601: Ghostek Atomic 2.0 Galaxy S7 case review Bleeding Edge TV 179: How To Mod Your iPhone on Windows Using iBrickr Bleeding Edge TV 190: How to Replace Your iPhone Battery Bleeding Edge Byte 025: Melting Hard Drives With Thermite Gear Live Presents: PlayFeed Most Recent Most Clicks Star Wars: Galaxy of Heroes Is a Surprisingly Great Mobile Game Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas is fun, but Xbox 360 HD remaster is rough Humble Mozilla Bundle lets you play awesome games without leaving your browser E3 2005: Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi Impressions Xbox 360 Controller for Windows Installation Images Apparently That Xbox 360 Red Light of Doom Problem Hasn’t Been Fixed Gear Live Presents: Unboxing Most Recent Most Clicks Unboxing Live 196: Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Unboxing Live 195: HP Elite X2 Unboxing Live 194: HTC 10 Carbon Gray Xbox 360 Messenger Kit Unboxing Gallery Xbox 360 Halo 3 Special Edition Unboxing Gallery The T-Mobile Sidekick 3 Unboxed Gear Live Presents: TV Envy Most Recent Most Clicks Katie Holmes Almost Landed ‘OITNB’ Role Conan O’Brien Still Rivals with Jay Leno TV Scoop: ‘Malefiftycent,’ Gillian Jacobs on ‘Girls,’ ‘True Blood’ Tidbits Vanessa Hudgens Admits to Nude Photo Kelly Clarkson Snubs American Idol Idol Producers, Judges Speak Out About Antonella Barba Pics Gear Live Presents: Film Crunch Most Recent Most Clicks The Interview now available, $5.99 to rent, $14.99 to buy “Crazy In Love” Was the “Perfect Fit” for ‘50 Shades’ Trailer Samuel L. Jackson Shocked by Harrison Ford’s Set Accident Mr. Skin Lists Greatest Nude Scenes in New Book Review: Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Celebrity Double-Take: Amy Adams vs. Isla Fisher Gear Live Presents: Endscore Most Recent Most Clicks EndScore Report: NFL Week 3 Predictions EndScore Report: Mariano Rivera sets MLB Saves record EndScore Report: In Your Face, Deon Grant and DeAngelo Hall James Blake’s Girlfriend, Jennifer Scholle, Makes it to Maxim Magazine Cold Pizza’s Dana Jacobson is Single American League Fantasy Notes:  A.L. East Gear Live Presents: Dropping Dimes Most Recent Most Clicks First Look: Tuesday, March 17 First Look: Friday, March 13 First Look: Thursday, March 12 Do Not Draft Amare Stoudemire! My PFS Experts League Team Dropping Dimes Draft Blog: Round 1, Pick 7 Gear Live Presents: Food Squeeze Most Recent Most Clicks Alton Brown presents his sumptuous ‘Grilled Grilled Cheese’ [Video] Yelp names the top 100 places to eat in the US 3 steps to easily remove pomegranate seeds A Guide To Different Apple Types Apple Nutrition Facts Fresh Beet Salad Recipe Gear Live Presents: Venturus Most Recent Most Clicks Tumblr user numbers in massive freefall Twitter finally allows you to mute your friends The Problem with Facebook [Video] Get Your phpBB Forums Indexed Blog Business Summit: 10 Ways To A Killer Blog Blog Business Summit: What’s Next In Online Communication? Home Tech Entertainment Sports Lifestyle Events Video Shows Personalities Forums Gallery About Archives Contact
Supported by the University of Pittsburgh School of Law    Home News All Legal News US Legal News World Legal News News Archive This Day at Law Commentary All Commentary Academic Commentary Professional Commentary Student Commentary Contributing Editors Features Documents US Executive Orders US Federal Rulemaking US Presidential Memoranda Support Why Support JURIST? Donate Honor Roll Sponsorship About FAQ Staff Contact Transparency Sutin Prize Shawl Award J20 Election 2000 Famous Trials Staff Retrospective Follow Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn Contact Feeds Paper Chase Serious law. Primary sources. Global perspective. advertisement Ireland to appeal EU ruling on Apple tax benefits Saturday 3 September 2016 at 1:21 PM ET by Steven Wildberger ©  WikiMedia (Rob Janoff) [JURIST] Ireland's cabinet [official website] on Friday agreed to join Apple [corporate website] in appealing the European Commission's [official website] €13 billion ruling [press release] against the tech giant. The commission's ruling, issued in late August, determined that Ireland granted Apple undue tax benefits that now must be recouped. By appealing, Ireland is refusing to accept the windfall from Apple, citing an interest in protecting a tax structure very attractive to international employers. The European Commission, a subdivision of the EU, ruled [JURIST report] the tax breaks were illegal based on EU law because the tax benefit meant that Apple paid less taxes to operate in the country than other businesses, resulting in an unfair economic advantage. The ruling is the result of an investigation going back to June 2014 [case summary]. The ruling is another setback for the communications company, which continues to face multiple legal issues. The Beijing Municipal High People's Court ruled in May that Xintong Tiandi, a local leather goods retailer, can continue to use the phrase "iPhone" on its leather goods in a trademark case [JURIST report]. The Beijing Intellectual Property Bureau ordered Apple to stop sale of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in Beijing due to claims by Chinese regulators that Apple Inc. violated a patent [JURIST report] held by a Chinese company in June. Apple agreed in July to a $25 million settlement with Network-1 Technologies to end a patent infringement claim [JURIST report]. Posted in Paper Chase Latest Commentary prevnext Safe Spaces and First Amendment Rights: Do Safe Spaces Belong on College Campuses? Fuad Rafidi Valparaiso University School of Law Thinking Beyond the ICJ's Marshall Islands Judgment Mohit Gupta South Asian University Tort Litigation About Guns Will Continue Allen Rostron University of Missouri-Kansas City School of Law "Sanctuary Cities" to Find Sanctuary in the Rehnquist and Roberts Courts Hugh D. Spitzer University of Washington School of Law Data Localization Laws: an Emerging Global Trend Courtney Bowman Proskauer Accelerating Progress: State Laws Governing Autonomous Vehicles John Terwilleger Gunster More Commentary About Paper Chase Paper Chase is JURIST's real-time legal news service, powered by a team of 30 law student reporters and editors led by law professor Bernard Hibbitts at the University of Pittsburgh School of Law. As an educational service, Paper Chase is dedicated to presenting important legal news and materials rapidly, objectively and intelligibly in an accessible format. Contact Paper Chase >> advertisement Recent Legal News Tags UN reports record high migrant deaths in 2016 6:15 PM ET, 6 January 2017 UN to assess human rights situation in Myanmar 5:01 PM ET, 6 January 2017 Kosovo charges Serbian citizen with war crimes 4:25 PM ET, 6 January 2017 China president plans to strengthen anti-corruption campaign 3:32 PM ET, 6 January 2017 Kentucky house passes right-to-work bill 12:02 PM ET, 6 January 2017 Switzerland court rules for FIFA in suit over Qatar migrant workers 11:10 AM ET, 6 January 2017 human rights internatonial Myanmar UN advertisement About JURIST JURIST is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization dedicated to bringing objective legal news and reasoned expert analysis to the public. E-mail inquiries, changes, news tips, URLs, corrections, etc. to JURIST@jurist.org. Legal Disclaimer JURIST cannot and does not provide legal advice. As such, nothing on this site is intended as legal advice. If you have a legal problem, please consult an attorney. We wish you the best of luck with your case, but we can't help. Questions × Your message has been sent. Thank you! © Copyright JURIST Legal News and Research Services, Inc., 2013. Home News Commentary Features Podcasts Support About © Copyright JURIST Legal News and Research Services, Inc., 2013. Legal Disclaimer Please note that JURIST cannot and does not provide legal advice. As such, nothing on this site is intended as legal advice. If you have a legal problem, please consult an attorney. We wish you the best of luck with your case, but we can't help.
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Biotech Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Life & Style Viral Celebrities Features Tech Science Health Culture Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Apple iPhone 7 Rumors: Specs, Features, Price And Everything We Know So Far 3 September 2016, 8:46 am EDT By Horia Ungureanu Tech Times Apple - Here's What You May Not KnowNow Playing Apple is zeroing in on its Sept. 7 launch, where the iPhone 7 will be the star of the event. We compiled a list of rumors, so you know what to expect from the latest Apple flagship.  ( Kena Betancur | Getty Images ) Advertisement Apple's Sept. 7 event is knocking at the door and iPhone fans are fretting in expectation of the latest smartphone from the company. We compiled the most recent rumors and bits of certain information so you know what to expect from the upcoming iPhone 7. Here are all the details about the smartphone, in no particular order of importance. New Design Those who were seduced by the iPhone 6 can rejoice because the iPhone 7 takes a leaf out of that design book. The good news is that the latest Apple handset will feature a cleaner design, with the repositioning of some antenna lines to the sides instead of the back of the device. It may not sound like much, but it is easier on the eyes. Better Specs If Apple wants to navigate the VR waters, 3 GB of RAM will certainly come in handy. Otherwise, the screen will get upgraded to 1080p for the iPhone 7, while the iPhone 7 Plus is said to sport 2K resolution. (No) Headphone Jack Judging by the number of headlines referring to it, news about the headphone jack seems to be the main story with the iPhone 7. Apple is said to renounce the traditional jack in its upcoming handset, which would require all compatible headphones to feature support for wireless or the Lightning port. A slew of pros and cons can be made for Lightning port headphones, but the removal of the 3.5mm headphone jack, a staple of audio consumer electronics, will be a tough pill to swallow for many. Possible New Pods With the discarding of the headphone jack, Apple will need to replace its standard headphones with something better. Despite rumors being doubtful at best, two variants have surfaced. The first is that Apple will launch new EarPods that pack a Lightning connector, or the company will test the waters and go full wireless for its future earbuds. Camera Rumors from earlier this year hint at the possibility that Apple will feature a second camera on the iPhone 7's back, which will let it capture higher-quality photos or a zoomed-in view. The phone would not be the first to attempt this either, since the P9 from Huawei demonstrated that a secondary camera (B&W, no less) adds significant sharpness and detail. The G5 from LG also taps into a second camera for zoomed-out perspective. Despite the fact that only the iPhone 7 Plus will pack a second camera, the iPhone 7 is expected to come with image stabilization, a feature which has, so far, been embedded strictly in the Plus line. Standard Storage Apple fans are probably shouting "Finally!" at this point, as the company promises to start the default storage space at 32 GB instead of 16 GB. The 32 GB load shows that Apple finally realized what year it is and is ready to accommodate more media on its phone. Subtle Home Button Apple is purportedly putting effort into reworking its home button, and there is a high chance that it will not click anymore. This means that the new button will be pressure-sensitive and will only seem like it's moving. The trick is not new, as the company offers the gimmick on some MacBooks. Back In Black Users had new color options in the iPhone 6s edition, and rose gold was a positive change for many. However, many Apple fans have been waiting to get their hands on a dead-serious black handset, and 2016 might be the year for them. Keep in mind that this information should be taken with a grain of salt, but the iPhone 7 might just follow in the steps of Apple Watch's black finishing. Water Resistance Steps towards waterproofing the iPhone were made since the iPhone 6s used a rubber gasket, and the purported removal of the headphone jack could make the latest Apple smartphone environment-proof. There is a strong chance for the iPhone 7 to be at least splashproof, as an important number of flagship Android devices already feature tight-sealing. Price No information indicates that the pricing will change when compared to the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. That means that you will see the iPhone 7's starting price at $649. Grain Of Salt As with every big launch, a few rumors permeated the media but they are almost certainly removed from truth. Among these ideas, we count the dual SIM tray, the possibility of a blue color option, a smart connector and wireless charging. Apple might have tested some of these in-house, but the current evidence suggests that they will be baked into future editions of the iPhone, if ever. TAG Apple, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, Rumors © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles iPhone 7 Rumors: New Photos Reveal Possible Lightning-to-3.5 mm Adapter The iPhone 7 Will Have A Force Touch Home Button, Rumors Say: What Does That Mean? iPhone 7 Rumors: Next iPhone May Feature Bigger Camera While iPhone 7 Plus May Sport Dual-Lens Camera Apple iPhone 7 Rumors: Next iPhone Might Still Come With Headphone Jack iPhone 7 rumors: Apple planning to use glasses-free 3D display on next iPhone From Our Sponsor Eco-friendly Packaging On Demand Technology Changes The Way Retailers Think About Shipping Packages On-demand packaging can be eco-friendly as well as save costs. Now, who would have thought of that? Packsize did, and it's changing the business of shipping packages. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games Attention, 'Overwatch' Players: Don't Abuse Mei's Ice Wall Cheat Or You'll Be Punished 2 Space Skywatching In 2017: Here’s When To Look Up To Catch The Planets 3 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Samsung Galaxy S8 And S8 Edge/Plus: Mass Production Beginning In March With 10 Million Units Built For April Release Advertisement 4 Televisions CES 2017: Should You Get Sony's Bravia OLED 4K HDR TV Or LG's Signature OLED 4K HDR W TV? 5 Business Tech Sears, Kmart And Macy's Are Closing Down Stores: Here's A Full List Of Where They'll Shut Down 6 Feature | Science Can Humans Survive A Zombie Apocalypse? Studies Investigate Spread Of Zombie Infection 7 Space New NASA Missions To Send Robotic Probes To Study Mysterious Asteroids In The Solar System 8 Televisions Xiaomi Shows Off Ultra-Thin Mi TV 4 At CES 2017: This Modular TV Is 30 Percent Thinner Than The iPhone 9 Apps/Software Google Outs January Security Patch For Pixel, Pixel XL, Nexus 6P And More 10 Gaming 'Mass Effect: Andromeda' Release Date Finally Announced; Gameplay Video Shown Off At CES 2017 EDITOR'S PICKS Iron Deficiency Anemia Linked To Hearing Loss: JAMA Study Rare Comet Visiting Inner Solar System For The First Time To Be Visible From Earth This January NASA Spots Object That’s Either A Comet Or An Asteroid Approaching Earth Wisconsin DNR Removes References To Climate Change From Website The 7 Coolest Raspberry Pi 3 Projects Of 2016 New Year's Comet A Bad Omen? Comet 45P To Herald Year Of Better Comet Viewing Pirate Bay, ExtraTorrent, Rarbg, Torrentz2, 1337x And Kickass Torrents: 2016's Most Popular Torrent Sites Ranked WATCH: Astronauts Taking On Mannequin Challenge In Space Is Pure Genius US Department Of Defense Warns Soldiers About Consuming Too Much Energy Drink Life & Style More Life & Style Man Charged With DUI After Testing Positive For Caffeine 2017 Predictions: Why Do Nostradamus, Baba Vanga And The Failed 'Blood Miracle' Spell Doom For The World? New Year's Eve Fun Facts: Beliefs And Traditions To Welcome 2017 Bad Eggs: Are These Hatchimals Cursing Their Owners? [VIDEOS] WATCH: Astronauts Taking On Mannequin Challenge In Space Is Pure Genius Donald Trump Believes Computers Make Life Complicated: Here's Why How To Win At Chess? Here’s What Goes Inside The Head Of Chess Champion Magnus Carlsen Hatchimals Fail To Hatch, Cause Disappointment For Parents And Kids On Christmas Morning TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $50 off Nest thermostat, $90 off iPhone SE, and more Let’s Talk Jailbreak 157: All about the iOS 10 jailbreak and Prometheus Let’s Talk iOS 168: What we want to see from Apple in... Happy New Year firework wallpapers   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple pushes new music discovery feature to beta testers ahead of iOS 10 release By Christian Zibreg, Sep 3, 2016 Tweet 5 Comments First announced at this year’s Worldwide Developers Conference in June, a pair of forthcoming music discovery features went live on Apple Music this past Friday for iOS 10 beta testers. Rechristened from “Discovery Mix” to “My New Music Mix” and available through the For You section of the Music app on iOS 10, this new curated playlist suggests tunes based on your previously played music. As a bonus, you also get another personally curated playlist—“My Favorites Mix”. These two auto-updated playlists should take the pain out of discovering new artists and music from Apple Music’s vast content library, as first reported on by AppleInsider. “Discover new music from artists we think you’ll like, refreshed ever Friday,” reads the description for the new “My New Music Mix” playlist. If that sounds a lot like Spotify’s Discover Weekly—which brings a playlist of personalized recommendations, updated every Monday—that’s because Apple probably took a page from Spotify’s book. Because “My New Music Mix” is a personalized playlist, individual users will find different music in it, based on their musical tastes and listening history. You can listen to the recommended songs in the “My New Music Mix” playlist, add them to your music library/playlist or subscribe to it which ensures you get dynamically updated recommendations every Friday, with new tracks automatically downloaded to your device for offline listening as soon as they become available. At the bottom, you can check out featured artists whose music is included in the playlist. Additionally, Apple also rolled out another personally curated playlist, titled “My Favorites Mix”, which surfaces previously played songs mixed in with related tracks. It’s right next to the “My New Music Mix” playlist so just swipe to get to it. “The songs you love and more,” reads the playlist’s description. “As you keep listening to Apple Music, the mix gets better.” “My Favorites Mix” updates automatically every Wednesday. Both these playlists are in addition to Apple Music’s existing human-curated song and album playlists which are updated on a daily basis. Still, “My New Music Mix” and “My Favorites Mix” should bring Apple’s streaming service one step closer to Spotify’s praised recommendations engine that for many people is one of the chief reasons for choosing Spotify over Apple Music. Source: AppleInsider Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Apple launches beta 2 of iOS 10.2.1 and macOS Sierra 10.12.3 Apple seeds iOS 10.2 beta 7 to developers Apple issues iOS 10.2 beta 5 to developers Video hands-on: 10+ new features in iOS 10.2 beta 1 Related Topics Apple, Apple Music, Beta, iOS, iOS 10, iPad, iPhone, iPod Touch, Music, News Xee Deezer also has music discovery, it’s called ‘Flow’ – a mix based on your favourites Nuff Said So is it now gonna stop recommending albums you already have? Robo Term My new music mix gets refreshed every Friday. john snow There are also new radio stations Jason B Impressed with the My New Music Mix…   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Apple’s free app of the week: Lifeline: Whiteout Daily Deals: $50 off Nest thermostat, $90 off iPhone SE, and more iOS 10 adoption rate now at 76% The W3 Stand turns your Apple Watch into a vintage Macintosh Report: next iPhone to feature Tap to Wake and fast charging   The latest jailbreak news NoTodayView disables the Spotlight widget page on the Home and Lock screens AntennaGIFDL lets you download GIFs from the Antenna Reddit client app CasualAlarm uses random songs from your music library for alarm sounds Hide or show your Home screen dock on demand with ShyDock Let’s Talk Jailbreak 157: All about the iOS 10 jailbreak and Prometheus iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides CES 2017 Nintendo Switch Samsung Galaxy S8 iPhone 8 MacBook Pro iOS 10.2 News 6 standards headphone makers can adopt to make us love a 3.5mm-less iPhone 7 6 standards headphone makers can adopt to make us love a 3.5mm-less iPhone 7 By Jon Porter Portable audio   A six-item wishlist for all future headphones Shares Another day, another iPhone 7 headphone jack leak. Although we won't see an official confirmation until the phone's announcement on September 7, it's looking more and more likely that Apple are set to ditch the traditional 3.5mm headphone jack in favor of a single lightning jack, upsetting the millions of sound-minded individuals who use wired headphones. At first glance Apple's removal of the traditional headphone jack would appear to be bad news for anyone who's invested in a decent pair of headphones that use the 3.5mm connector but, after some thought, the switch to the more versatile lightning connector could potentially allow for some interesting new features. It's something we've given a lot of thought to over the past few weeks and without wasting another minute mourning the loss of ye old audio standard, we decided to sit down and draw up a wish-list for all the features we want to see in a pair of headphones designed with the new iPhone in mind. Wishlist item #1: Detachable cables Our number one requirement out of any lighting cable-equipped pair of headphones is that this cable should be detachable so that we can use a standard 3.5mm cable if required – after all, most of us don't use our headphones with a single device. We might plug them into our laptops at work, or maybe into a gaming PC at home in the evenings, and if we're stuck with a lightning connector then that's going to massively reduce their functionality. And that's not to mention that most people end up using a pair of headphones for far longer than they own a single mobile handset. Knowing that your headphones will work with your next phone is a key consideration for most people, especially if you're dropping a fair part of your paycheck on your next set of cans. Of course, in this increasingly-wireless world detachable cables is only one half of the equation… Wishlist item #2: AptX-HD Bluetooth This might be considered controversial in audiophile circles, but I've recently come around to wireless headphones. When I first tried them a number of years ago the battery life was awful, and the sound was lifeless and dull. Thankfully however, battery quality has improved a great deal, and modern Bluetooth standards, like AptX on Android, mean that audio quality over wireless connections is almost the same as through a cable. So how could Apple leverage this innovation in wireless technology? The recently announced AptX HD supports up to 24-bit/48kHz files, which we think is more than enough for portable listening – an ideal fit for a high-end pair of headphones to go along with that high-end smart phone. Not only would the move be beneficial for Apple, but the adoption of Bluetooth would also be a massive help towards keeping the headphones compatible with both operating systems, which should be helpful if you decide to make the switch over to Android in the future. The problem with Bluetooth however is that Apple has so far not supported the new Bluetooth standards such as AptX or AptX-HD – and that might not be a stance they're willing to change with iPhone 7. However, even if Apple does decide to jump on-board the high-resolution audio bandwagon, we'd also need a hypothetical headphone manufacturer – like, say, Beyerdynamic, Bose or Shure – to support the standard, too. Wishlist item #3: Noise-cancellation Active noise-cancellation is where we could really start to see the lightning port start to shine. As it currently stands, noise-cancellation requires power, which the standard 3.5mm audio jack is unable to provide. To get around this problem, most noise-cancelling headphones are forced to support a separate micro-USB jack which is used to recharge their internal batteries. But moving towards a lightning connector means that the noise-cancelling headphones of the future won't need separate ports for audio and power; they can both be provided over a single cable. I know it's hard to imagine now, but the next set of headphones might actually never run out of juice. You'd expect to use them in a wireless configuration most of the time, and then when they need to be charged you could simply plug them into your phone to top them off until you make your way to a power outlet. Admit it, the prospect of a lightning adaptor-equipped pair of headphones is starting to look a lot more tempting now isn't it? Wishlist item #4: Death to touch controls The last couple of points on our wishlist are more to do with usability than features, but when a pair of headphones costs as much as some small TVs, the usability becomes very important indeed. Our first requirement for our dream drivers is for buttons – rather than touch-controls – to raise and lower volume and play, pause and skip tracks. Sure, touch-controls can be done well, but in the majority of cases a simple trio of buttons are a heck of a lot more capable at controlling your music playback. That's because often-iffy touch-controls which can confuse an instruction to skip a track with one to raise the volume, blowing out your ears in the process. So when it comes to our ideal pair of headphones, we want them to K.I.S.S (keep it simple, stupid) with a nice, responsive trio of buttons for volume and playback control. Wishlist item #5: More usability features We might not have been thrilled with the Sennheiser PXC 550's touch controls, but one feature we really enjoyed was the way you could wear them around your neck to turn them off. The feature works by swiveling the earcups on your headphones to turn them off quickly and easily. It's simple, intuitive and saves battery – a win-win-win scenario. We're big fans of a feature like this, because it encourages you to turn your headphones off as soon as you're not using them, allowing you to make the most of their battery life over the course of a day. It's a small feature, but if Apple and Co. want to convince us that dropping the headphone jack was worth us ditching our old audio equipment it's one that we'd expect to be there on future 'phones. Wishlist item #6: Battery notifications Running out of battery is never fun. It's right up there with going to the dentist and sitting in traffic. Recent advancements in Lithium-Ion technology have helped some but, considering that most noise-cancelling headphones can barely make it through a flight across the Atlantic, there's still plenty of work to be done here. Now, hopefully with the ability to charge these headphones from your lightning port it might not be as much of an issue, but we'd still rather not be caught unawares by a dead battery. One place that Apple and other headphone manufacturers could turn to – and the best solution for battery notifications we've experienced – is the Bose QuietComfort 35 headphones. The QC35s give you a status update on their battery levels every time you put them on. It only takes a moment, and the notification is uber helpful when strategizing the next place you can charge your cans. The other option is to provide visual alerts on the phone when the headphone's battery is running low, but far too often these come too late to put them on a charger. The potential in a lightning-only future Make no mistake, the loss of the headphone jack has the potential to be very frustrating for those of us with a pre-existing favorite pair of headphones. Although adaptors will almost certainly be available from third-party providers (and almost definitely by Apple itself to the tune of $20/£10), an adaptor is never going to feel as neat or convenient as plugging directly into your phone. That said, if you're in the market for a new pair of headphones anyways then the prospect of a lightning-only future has a great deal of potential – from better battery notifications to high-res audio quality. Whether we like to admit it or not, Apple holds a vast majority of the audio market in its hands, and we're hoping all the power hasn't gone to its head. But while there's a swath of naysayers out there already, there's a fair chance that Apple's schism from the headphone jack is the kick in the pants the audio industry desperately needs. What do you want from a lightning connector-only pair of headphones? Let us know in the comments below. Alternatively, if you're looking for an adaptor for your existing headphones, check out these iPhone-compatible DACs. Tags iPhone Related news The best coffee machine deals on Black Friday 2016 The best Best Buy Black Friday deals 2016 The best Target Black Friday deals 2016 The best Walmart Black Friday deals 2016 See more Portable audio news Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Moto G4 is now even better thanks to Android Nougat update 2 CES 2017: All the news, reviews and videos from the massive Las Vegas tech show 3 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 4 The 15 best laptops of 2017: the top laptops ranked 5 The 10 best compact cameras in 2017 1 First look: Razer Project Valerie 2 Sony Bravia A1E review 3 Samsung's first gaming laptops are gorgeous and upgradable 4 HDMI 2.1 embraces the 8K HDR-filled future of television 5 iPhones could be getting a ‘theater mode’ so you can stay connected in the cinema TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Music Users on iOS 10 Beta Gain Access to Personally Curated Playlists Saturday September 3, 2016 11:08 AM PDT by Mitchel Broussard At WWDC this year, Apple announced a new "Discovery Mix" playlist that would recommend music and artists to each Apple Music subscriber based on their listening habits and favorite songs. Yesterday, the feature became available to users on the iOS 10 beta, now under a different name: one playlist called "My New Music Mix" and another called "My Favorites Mix" (via AppleInsider). My New Music Mix introduces users to new songs The update can be found in the For You section of Apple Music, with each playlist housing 25 songs. My New Music Mix contains all-new music from artists that the Apple Music curators have picked based on each user's listening habits, and updates with new options every Friday. My Favorites Mix is full of "the songs you love and more," meaning it's focused on music users have already listened to rather than introducing them to new content. That playlist is updated every Wednesday. Similar to other personally curated playlists in the For You tab, both My New Music Mix and My Favorites Mix can be subscribed to, placing them in the Library tab to become more easily accessible. On a smaller scale, each individual song can be added to the Library, and then downloaded to listen to offline. My Favorites Mix curates each user's favorite artists and songs into one place Apple Music's new curation feature is akin to Spotify's Discover Weekly and Release Radar playlists, which recommends music from new artists and current favorite artists, respectively. Spotify updates Discover Weekly every Monday and Release Radar every Friday. New iOS updates, like Apple Music's personally-tailored music curation playlists, are predicted to be topics of discussion at Apple's September 7 event next week. Otherwise, it's expected that focus will be on the debut of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus and Apple Watch 2. Tag: Apple Music 50 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) Tuci 18 weeks ago I must say it's very accurate. Which a nice surprise. Rating: 8 Votes TrueBlou 18 weeks ago I am to totally falling for Apple Music. This sounds very promising, in my eyes it's what's been missing. Yeah, they just keep making it better and better. I've never regretted my decision to switch from Spotify to Apple Music. Rating: 7 Votes wlossw 18 weeks ago It's very good at suggesting the music I hate that my wife plays over and over on my phone in the car... ;) she is very pleased with MY Apple Music custom playlist filled with shania twain and Celine dion. Rating: 7 Votes TrueBlou 18 weeks ago Why did you switch from Spotify in the first place? At the time Apple was offering a better family plan than Spotty (and in some ways still do, see below.) That along with native support on my iPhone/iPad/Watch/Apple TV/Mac and simpler integration with my existing iTunes library seemed like worth trying for 3 free months. After a few weeks of using AM I couldn't find a good enough reason to switch back to Spotify, so I didn't. The family plan played a big part though, while Spotifys terms state that family members must reside at the same address as the account holder, Apple don't give a damn so I can share my subscription with more of my family and there's many other benefits to the family plan too. So staying with Apple just made sense. *edit* Oh, and I've found the suggested playlists from Apple to be very appealing to my hugely varied musical tastes. Considering I like everything from folk, classical, country, pop, metal, blues and many, many more genres. Apple Music has done a bang up job of supplying me with music I like and most importantly new music I've not heard but also like very much so, yeah, can't actually find a reson to switch to the others. I've been a Spotify, Deezer, Google, Rdio and Napster customer over the years and none of them have gelled with me the way AM has, so I'm a happy punter for a change :D Rating: 7 Votes hauntvictim 18 weeks ago I am to totally falling for Apple Music. This sounds very promising, in my eyes it's what's been missing. Rating: 5 Votes earthTOmitchel 18 weeks ago I must say it's very accurate. Which a nice surprise. I haven't listened to much yet but the first few songs are definitely in the ballpark of my tastes so I'm impressed so far. Rating: 5 Votes nathanalf 18 weeks ago Yeah, definitely got quite a few songs I like already... Pretty impressed, and this is definitely the best part of the 'updated' Apple Music IMO Rating: 5 Votes TrueBlou 18 weeks ago It's very good at suggesting the music I hate that my wife plays over and over on my phone in the car... ;) she is very pleased with MY Apple Music custom playlist filled with shania twain and Celine dion. Get yourself a nice new family plan so she can make her own vile playlists and you can be rid of the horror and embarrassment of having such arse gravy on your phone :D Rating: 3 Votes TrueBlou 18 weeks ago Nope. Nope. The key to your post is where you say "Because to me." That is your preference and opinion, just as my preference is to stay with GPM + YouTube Red for the same price. Is it conceivable that my preferences may be different than yours and that I find better value and desirability in GPM vs. AM? NO!!! Don't be ridiculous, you must like the same as anyone who uses an Apple product. How dare you take the liberty of being a staff member of all things and using a non-Apple product. What the hell do you think your doing, is this some kind of damn hippy freedom of choice nonsense your trying to pull? Do you have an opinion and mind of your own. What the hell. There's no place for that kind of thing here don't you know who we are, get off my lawn!! Go on, leg it before I set the hounds of Appleville on you. Honestly, the nerve of some people, come round here telling us they can think for themselves. For gods sake what's the world coming to. :p Rating: 3 Votes Karma*Police 18 weeks ago Still not enough to draw me away from Google Play Music and YouTube Red for the same price. But from the sounds of it, the new curated lists are working out well which is a good thing. Can you tell GPM to play the top hits from 2005, or the latest Arcade Fire album without turning on your iPhone? Or do you use Android? In which case I would understand your preference. Because to me, all of these services are very similar and the main benefits come from integration with the platform. If Apple opens up Siri to music, that may change, but for now, I see no reason for an Apple user to be using anything else but AM, especially with iOS 10. Rating: 3 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories CES 2017: The Best Apple Related Accessories 1 hour ago on Front Page Apple may not take part in the annual Consumer Electronics Show, but the event is still filled with all kinds of Apple-related accessories from third-party vendors. Some aren't so great or are... 3 comments CES 2017: Mixtile Hub Promises to Expand HomeKit to ZigBee and Z-Wave Smart Home Devices 4 hours ago on Front Page Focalcrest, a Chinese company focusing on intelligent hardware solutions, today debuted a new HomeKit hub that promises to bring HomeKit connectivity to various connected home products that would not... 24 comments Apple Said to Shift to Lower Power IGZO Displays for MacBook Pro Later This Year 8 hours ago on Front Page Apple will shift to indium gallium zinc oxide (IGZO) material for MacBook Pro displays as soon as later this year, according to IHS. The research firm told DigiTimes that Apple may continue to... 139 comments Tim Cook's Pay Was $1.5 Million Less in 2016 as Apple Missed its Own Performance Targets 12 hours ago on Front Page Apple's annual shareholders meeting will be held on February 28 at 9:00 a.m. Pacific Time in the Town Hall building at its Infinite Loop headquarters in Cupertino, California, according to an SEC... 378 comments Original iPhone Prototype With iPod Click Wheel Surfaces Online 12 hours ago on Front Page An early prototype of the original iPhone has been shared online by Sonny Dickson, with a collection of images and a video that provide a glimpse into one version of the iPhone that Apple created and... 82 comments Apple's Iconic Fifth Avenue Store Moving to Temporary Location on January 20 During Renovations 22 hours ago on Front Page In June 2015 it was reported that Apple would renovate its iconic Fifth Avenue retail store, temporarily relocating its operations to the vacated FAO Schwarz toy store in the General Motors... 50 comments Pepcom at CES: HomeKit Accessories Galore, a Tiny Apple Watch Charger, an iPhone-Connected Car HUD, and More 1 day ago on Front Page One of the best ways to see the highlights of what CES has to offer is at the shows -- CES Unveiled, Pepcom, and ShowStoppers. MacRumors videographer Matt hit up Pepcom last night, where he searched... 12 comments Alpine Introduces $900 Infotainment System With Wireless CarPlay 1 day ago on Front Page While wireless CarPlay implementations have been supported since iOS 9, the functionality has so far been limited to a single BMW model. That will change next month, however, as Alpine has introduced... 73 comments • T-Mobile to Simplify Phone Bills With Single Unlimited Data Plan and No Additional Fees (209) • iOS 10 Now Installed on 76% of Active iOS Devices (180) • Hands-On: OWC's 'DEC' Adds an SD Card Slot, Ethernet, and USB Type-A Ports to the MacBook Pro (201) • Hulu Bringing CBS-Owned Networks to Live TV Service, Which Will Be Priced 'Under $40' Per Month (83) • App Store Sets New Records With $240M in Sales on New Year's Day, $20B Paid to Developers in 2016 (69) • Audi and Nvidia Working on Fully Autonomous Car for 2020 Rollout (118) • LG Debuts 'Hub Robot' to Compete With Google Home and Amazon Echo (110)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Grinding Espers Like It's My Job - The TouchArcade Show #289 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Milkmaid of the Milky Way' Cult Flash RPG 'Sonny' Coming to Mobile Courtesy of Armor Games Artsy and Emotional Puzzle Adventure 'Shards of Memories' Now Available 'Demon's Rise' Gets Update Bringing Tech on Par With 'Demon's Rise 2' AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 8 TV app AirPods MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro You are here: Home > KGI: iPhone 7 will include 2.4GHz A10 chip, IPX7 water resistance, updated 12 megapixel camera, piano black, and more KGI: iPhone 7 will include 2.4GHz A10 chip, IPX7 water resistance, updated 12 megapixel camera, piano black, and more September 3, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment KGI has gained some last minute intel ahead of the iPhone 7 launch, in addition to to reaffirming everything that’s already been confirmed. The obvious change at this point is the similar design to the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s with tweaked antenna lines. KGI says the new iPhone will include the new Apple A10 SoC (system on a chip), which will be clocked at 2.4GHz. The iPhone 7 will also come in two new color options, “dark black” and “piano black”, replacing space gray altogether. The report says there’ll be an updated speaker system, Force Touch sensors, and waterproofing. It also explains how the dual-camera system will work on the iPhone 7 Plus. KGI’s Ming-Chi Kuo says that the iPhone 7 will be available in two new color options, “dark black” and “piano black”. Space Gray will be ditched entirely from the lineup, and the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be offered in a total of five colors. The piano black description corroborates with leaked SIM trays seen previously (as pictured above). However, due to low availability, the piano black color will only be available on high-capacity models at launch. In terms of chip performance, the new iPhone 7 will be powered by Apple’s new A10 chip which will be manufactured by TSMC, using a new ‘InFO’ process. The chip will rival, in sheer clock speed numbers, the A9 with a clock speed of 2.4GHz. While the displays won’t see a resolution bump, they will also see improvements. Both models will ‘copy’ visual features from the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, with a wider color range. It’s implied that both models will gain the same true-tone display found in the 9.7-inch iPad Pro as well, but that’s not implied in this report. The 4.7-inch iPhone 7 will be getting a camera upgrade, but KGI is focusing on the dual-camera system on the iPhone 7 Plus. While retaining the 12-megapixel sensor, the dual-camera system will enable optical zoom and ‘light field camera applications’. The dual camera is made up of a wide-angle camera and a telephoto camera. Both are 12 megapixel sensors. The larger camera will feature optical image stabilization and a 6P lens. It’ll be interesting to see how Apple implements the cameras during its demo on Wednesday. Both models will also see an improved camera flash for low-light situations. Apple will be adding more LEDs to the handsets (from two to four: two cool, too warm) to create a more efficient and effective True Tone flash on the handsets. Storage capacity and RAM will also see an increase. Kuo believes that Apple will drop the 16/64/128 storage lineup from the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s. Instead, the new lineup will feature 32/128/256GB storage configurations. The iPhone 7 Plus will also see an additional 1GB of RAM, which is necessary for the dual-camera system. That means the iPhone 7 Plus will feature 3GB of RAM while the iPhone 7 will feature 2GB, the same found in the current iPhone 6s. In line with a spec sheet from a few days ago, KGI says that Apple will include Lightning EarPods with a Lightning to 3.5mm headphone jack adapter with every iPhone 6. The extra space will be used to improve the Force Touch recognition system. From the outside, it will look like an additional speaker grill, but in reality it will house a new sensor ti improve the ‘Force Touch user experience’. Apple is also upgrading its internal amplifier to boost sound output from its speaker. The new iPhones will include the same IPX7 water resistance rating found in the current Apple Watch. This means the iPhone will be able to withstand immersion in water up to 1 meter for up to 30 minutes. KGI believes that the new waterproofing standard may hinder the production of the iPhone 7. Stay tuned to Today’s iPhone as we will have full coverage of the iPhone 7 event, scheduled for Wednesday, September 7 at 10PM PT. We’re expecting a new iPhone 7, along with an Apple Watch 2. However, we’d be okay with surprise hardware announcements. Tags: Camera, Dual Camera, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, RAM, Storage About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Apple Watch inventory nearly sold out ahead of September 7 event Ahead of September 7 event, iPad Air 2 going out of stock at major distributors → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Review: An AirPods review from an audiophile's perspective4 Survey says the iPhone is the most popular gift on 2016 Christmas holiday wish lists1 Hands-on: First impression with AirPods1 Apple to exclusively use Samsung AMOLED panels for its 5.8-inch iPhone next year1 Foxconn begins automating its production lines, plans to automate entire factories1 KGI: 2017 iPhone will likely have glass front and back, stainless steel on premium models2 Apple Pay adds an additional 17 banks and credit unions in the U.S.1 Due to piracy concerns, Super Mario Run will require an internet connection at all times to play1 Apple publishes first research paper focused on AI and advanced image recognition1 Report: AirPods manufacturing to ramp up to meet strong demand1 PhoneDog Google names Huawei and ZTE phones that are gaining Daydream VR support New Balance Run IQ is a running-focused Android Wear smartwatch Next gen Chromebooks lead to a bright future for ChromeOS AT&T raising price of grandfathered unlimited data plan in March Honor 6X Impressions! Nexus 6 receives Android 7.1.1 update Kodak Ektra and its 21-megapixel camera are coming to North America Android And Me Verizon bumps upgrade fee to $30, no Google announces four more Daydream-ready Google purchases Limes Audio to improve New Balance unveils RunIQ fitness-focused Kodak’s Ektra smartphone coming to Google finally posts Android 7.1.1 factory AT&T is raising grandfathered unlimited TmoNews T-Mobile CEO John Legere makes his predictions T-Mobile CEO John Legere talks Sprint, T-Mobile Un-carrier Next will build T-Mobile previews Q4 2016 results, says T-Mobile HTC 10, LG G Pad X 8.0 begin ZTE Blade V8 Pro now available for pre-order Honor 6X launching this month with metal PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Sun, Sep 04, 2016 - Page 16　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Starbucks pays less tax than sausage stand: Austria ‘POLITICAL CRAP’:Apple CEO Tim Cook dismissed the European Commission’s ruling that his company should pay US$14.5 billion in taxes and interest to Ireland Reuters, ALPBACH, Austria Multinationals like coffee chain Starbucks Corp and online retailer Amazon.com Inc pay less tax in Austria than one of the country’s tiny sausage stands, the republic’s center-left chancellor lamented in an interview published on Friday. Austrian Chancellor Christian Kern, head of the Social Democrats and of the centrist coalition government, also criticized Internet giants Google and Facebook Inc, saying that if they paid more, tax subsidies for print media could increase. “Every Viennese cafe, every sausage stand pays more tax in Austria than a multinational corporation,” Kern was quoted as saying in an interview with newspaper Der Standard, invoking two potent symbols of the Austrian capital’s food culture. “That goes for Starbucks, Amazon and other companies,” he said, praising the European Commission’s ruling this week that Apple should pay up to 13 billion euros (US$14.5 billion) in taxes plus interest to Ireland, because a special scheme to route profits through that country was illegal state aid. Apple has said it will appeal the ruling, which chief executive officer Tim Cook described as “total political crap.” Google, Facebook and other multinational companies say they follow all tax rules. Ireland’s Cabinet on Friday agreed to join Apple in appealing against a multibillion-euro back tax demand, while a European Commission spokesperson said In Brussels that “the commission will defend its decision in court.” Kern criticized EU states with low-tax regimes that have lured multinationals — and come under scrutiny from Brussels. “What Ireland, the Netherlands, Luxembourg or Malta are doing here lacks solidarity towards the rest of the European economy,” he said. He stopped short of saying that Facebook and Google would have to pay more tax, but underlined their significant sales in Austria, which he estimated at more than 100 million euros each, and their relatively small numbers of employees — a “good dozen” for Google and “allegedly even fewer” for Facebook. The commission’s ruling this week against Apple has angered Washington, which accuses the EU of trying to grab tax revenue that should go to the US government. With transatlantic tensions rising, the White House said US President Barack Obama would raise the issue of tax avoidance by some multinational corporations at a summit of the G20 leading economies in China this weekend. This story has been viewed 1642 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2016-12-31 to 2017-01-07 Most read Most e-mailed 1 The passing of a Lonely Planet pioneer 2 Book Review: A misunderstood crisis 3 Woman rescued after falling into fissure 4 Trump is a realization of China’s worst fears 5 EDITORIAL: Caution advised for year ahead MORE  1 The passing of a Lonely Planet pioneer 2 Caution urged, with acute gastroenteritis cases rising 3 Employers struggling with new act: poll 4 Labor laws to increase living costs 5 Kite sightings on the rise: birders MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AR/VR Esports Big Data Marketing Bots Media Business Mobile Cloud PC Gaming Dev Security Enterprise Social ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Multimedia Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: MOBILE The iPhone 7 will reportedly be available in a glossy ‘piano black’ instead of space gray Jordan Novet@jordannovet September 3, 2016 9:31 AM Tags: Apple, iPhone, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus Above: A space gray iPhone 5S. Image Credit: Kārlis Dambrāns/Flickr Apple plans to introduce one previously rumored black colorway for its expected iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, but the company also plans to offer a new glossy “piano black” shade, according to a report that cites a note from trusted analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI. The information is emerging just four days before Apple officially unveils the smartphones at an event in San Francisco. The new piano black will replace the space gray shade that Apple has offered for several years, 9to5Mac reported. Earlier rumors had Apple replacing space gray with a deep blue color, but today’s report does not say anything about deep blue. Black is not exactly new for the iPhone, but it has not been a choice since the iPhone 5 that came out in 2012. As you would expect, the iPhone 7 will sport a new ARM-based A10 chip, along with 2GB of RAM  — 3GB of RAM for the iPhone 7 Plus — Kuo said, according to 9to5Mac. Storage options will be 32GB, 128GB, and 256GB, meaning that, as previously rumored, the low-end 16GB option that Apple has offered for several iPhone generations is going away. Both of the rear cameras on the iPhone 7 Plus will be 12 megapixels, one a wide-angle lens and the other a telephoto lens. The new phones will be waterproof for submersion of up to 1 meter for as long as 30 minutes, and their packaging will contain Lightning EarPods and a Lightning-to-headphone-jack adapter, as the headphone jack will in fact be gone, Kuo wrote in the note, according to 9to5Mac. At this week’s event, Apple will also likely announce the launch of iOS 10, macOS, tvOS 10, and watchOS 3 for everyone, and the company could also show off a new Apple Watch. Apple is also close to releasing a new MacBook Pro, but Bloomberg reported that it could be launched “as soon as October,” rather than in September. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple is cleaning up the App Store by clearing out abandoned apps and limiting name length – BetaNews Posted on September 3, 2016 by BetaNews Starting next week — September 7 specifically — Apple is starting to clear the crap out of the App Store. What does this mean? It means removing what Apple describes as “problematic and abandoned apps”, as well as changing the way apps can be named … Siri to search Pinterest, hail Ubers — hands freeWTSP.com Apple really wants you to use Siri – here’s whyBusiness Insider 10 paid iPhone apps on sale for free for a limited timeBGR The Verge -AppleInsider (press release) (blog) -Christian Post -Computerworld all 219 news articles …read more wrote 24400 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Hey Alexa, what are your competitors doing? – PCWorld Apple CEO Tim Cook’s pay slumps along with iPhone sales – Washington Post Android Circuit: Galaxy S8 Launch Date Leaks, Galaxy Note Returns, Fixing Google Pixel Problems – Forbes Amazon’s Alexa moves in on Google’s Android system – Reuters Hacker Successfully Adds More Games To NES Classic Edition – Gameranx (blog) Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack

Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     NEWS & INFORMATION FOR TECHNOLOGY PURCHASERS. UPDATED 5 MINUTES AGO. Home Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Big Data CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content You are here: Home / January 06, 2017 Certifications that stand out THE FRONT PAGE   IBM Predicts 5 Life-Changing Innovations for the Next 5 Years   In the next 5 years, IBM says we may see advances such as diagnostics for brain disorders based on speech pattern analysis and imaging devices that show the entire electromagnetic spectrum. Continue Reading... HAPPENING NOW World Wide Web Amazon Plans To Sell Its Own Line of Workout Clothes Cloud Computing New BlackBerry Smartphone with QWERTY Keyboard Ahead Apple/Mac Apple App Store Breaks Another Sales Record Government Lawsuit Seeks To Ban Google from U.S. Government Contracts Personal Tech Samsung Shows Off IoT, Entertainment, and Gaming Devices AMD Intros Vega GPU Architecture   Government Test Hacked into Drones   T-Mobile: Unlimited Plans Only Option   MORE NEWS Samsung Debuts Chromebook at CES Intel, Dell Show Off New Products New Snapdragon 835 Chip Debuts Trump Challenges Intel Agencies Here Come Smart Stores With Robots The Big Thing in TV Sets is Big TVs An In-Depth Look at Intel's Kaby Lake Intel's New Chips May Appeal to Biz CES 2017: Five Things To Watch Lenovo Updates Enterprise Laptops Dell's XPS 13 Notebook Now a Hybrid Mark Zuckerberg To Visit All 50 States NEWS BY TOPIC Enterprise I.T. CES 2017: Wireless Charging Ahead An In-Depth Look at Intel's Kaby Lake Mobile Tech Carmakers Hitching Ride with Tech T-Mobile: Unlimited Plans Only Option Applications AMD Intros Vega GPU Architecture What You Can Expect at CES 2017 Hardware Samsung Debuts Chromebook at CES New Snapdragon 835 Chip Debuts World Wide Web Amazon Readies Workout Clothing Trump Challenges Intel Agencies Network Security Norton Unveils Secure Wi-Fi Router Leery States Examine Cybersecurity Cloud Computing What Were 2016's Top Tech Trends? IBM Intros Serverless Cloud Features Microsoft/Windows How Microsoft Embraced the Cloud Skype To Translate Calls in Real Time Apple/Mac Apple App Store Sets Sales Record Apple FaceTime Targeted in Suit Personal Tech The Big Thing in TV Sets is Big TVs Samsung Focuses on IoT, Gaming Big Data AMD Intros Vega GPU Architecture IBM: 5 Tech Advances for Next 5 Years CRM Systems Oracle Exec Quits in Trump Protest Better CRM Tech Helps Biz Up Sales Government Government Test Hacked into Drones Trump Challenges Intel Agencies Communications State Wants Broadband Cash in Pa. Cell Service May Come to Mt. Rainier Contributed Content Kensington Ups Device, Data Security Kensington's ErgoSoft Wrist Rests BITS & BYTES RANDOM BYTES Apple FaceTime Targeted in Suit NEWS PICK Rising Star Nvidia at CES 2017 JUST THE FACTS Facebook Goes After Rival Snapchat THE LAST WORD What You Can Expect at CES 2017 NEWSFACTOR.COM Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Big Data CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Latest News Dow 19,964 +64.51 +0.32% Nasdaq 5,521 +33.12 +0.60% S&P 500 2,277 +7.98 +0.35% 7:13 P.M. ET Trump, GOP Explore Ways to Fund Border Wall 7:03 P.M. ET Russian Hacking Report Exposes Political Threat 6:38 P.M. ET Updated Stock selection pays off for investors in India funds 6:35 P.M. ET Shots Fired at Fort Lauderdale Airport, Gunman in Custody 6:31 P.M. ET This is the future of air travel, says KLM's CEO 6:18 P.M. ET Trump team considering another Goldman exec for key Treasury post 6:11 P.M. ET Updated These are the 10 best and 10 worst U.S. stocks of 2017 5:52 P.M. ET Here are the safest airlines to fly in 2017 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Weekend roundup: Retailers’ pain | A former insurance CEO on Obamacare | The wisdom of Charlie Munger 5:41 P.M. ET Elmo Encourages Kindness in 'Sesame Street's' 47th Season 5:39 P.M. ET Updated Dow misses 20,000 milestone by about a nickel 5:29 P.M. ET Fed's Kaplan sounds note of doubt about gradual rate hikes 5:18 P.M. ET SeaWorld Killer Whale Tilikum Dies 5:17 P.M. ET Kaplan: Fed should be able to raise interest rates gradually, patiently 5:03 P.M. ET Boeing's 2016 orders show slowing sales boom 5:00 P.M. ET S&P 500, Nasdaq end at records after solid jobs report 1/05 Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:49 P.M. ET Nobel Prize winner likens Trump ‘bullying’ of companies to fascist Italy, Germany 1:49 P.M. ET Fitbit seeks software success like Apple 4:42 P.M. ET 'Lion' Star Sunny Pawar on Playing Little Saroo Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance Spending & Saving How to get Apple’s new iPhone 7 for free By Quentin Fottrell Published: Sept 10, 2016 11:56 a.m. ET Share Now may be the time to trade in your old Apple device Reuters/Beck Diefenbach Tim Cook discusses the iPhone 7 during an Apple media event in San Francisco on Sept. 7, 2016. By QuentinFottrell News editor It’s “iPhoneapalooza” time again. Apple unveiled details of the new iPhone 7 at an event on Wednesday. Once again, resale sites have reported a surge in trade-ins of old iPhones ahead of the announcement, but they expect trade-in prices to drop in the days after the big event. For now, though, consumers can still lock in high enough prices to break even — or earn a profit — by trading in their old gadget and upgrading to a new phone. The iPhone 7, depending on the carrier, is expected to cost around $31 a month for 24 months for a 32-gigabyte version, experts say. With most offers, it’s possible to sell an old iPhone to a resale site or online retailer for more than the cost of the new phone, although you will need to sign a two-year contract. And note that those who bought an iPhone 6S or 6S Plus last year and still have time left on their current contract would likely have to pay an early termination fee. Some 55% of people that currently own an iPhone plan to purchase the iPhone 7 by the end of the year, according to a recent survey by resale site NextWorth, which obviously has a vested interest in consumers selling their old devices. Apple said that the new iPhone 7 still comes in two screen sizes — and, therefore, compete with the larger Androids — will be water resistant (if you drop it in a pool or toilet bowl and quickly fish it out) and won’t have a headphone jack. It has a significantly improved camera. The new iPhone 7 also comes in new colors and will have a dual zoom camera lens. (Read MarketWatch’s live blog, detailing the event.) See also: This isn’t a normal iPhone upgrade — and Apple will be just fine The resale market became more lucrative for consumers with the added competition last year after Apple AAPL, +1.11%   and Wal-Mart WMT, -1.37%  entered. Resale site Glyde offers $409 for a 16-gigabye iPhone 6S (or $326 for a 6) and $447 for a larger 6S Plus (or $355 for a 6 Plus). Another such site NextWorth offers up to $350 for the 16-gigabye 6S in pristine condition (or $245 for a Plus), and up to $364 for the 6S Plus with the same memory (or $285 for a 6 Plus). And rival Gazelle offers up to $300 for the 16-gigabye iPhone 6S and up to $200 for the iPhone 6 (and a maximum of $325 for the 6S Plus). Apple and CEO Tim Cook, 5 years later(1:43) Apple CEO Tim Cook took over the reins from co-founder Steve Jobs five years ago. Since taking over, how has Apple performed? Photo: Getty Images. For gift cards only, Amazon AMZN, +1.99%   will give you around $350 for an unlocked 16-gigabyte iPhone 6S , although prices vary depending on condition and carrier, while Apple will give you up to $225 for an iPhone 6 and $250 for an iPhone 6 Plus (Apple doesn’t currently offer trade-ins for the 6S models online). At Walmart stores, the value for an iPhone 6S 16-gigabye is roughly $275 to $300, depending on the carrier; for the 6S Plus, a 16-gigabye has a trade-in value of $325 to $350. “We expect around a 15% decline in pricing for old iPhone models around the expected September launch,” says Glyde spokesman Matthew Reardon. “If people have a replacement phone they can use between now and the launch, it’s a great time to sell.” Don’t miss: Some Apple fans stick with original 2007 iPhone But for consumers who have second thoughts about upgrading, some resale sites allow you to hang on to your phone after agreeing to a trade-in deal. NextWorth and Gazelle give customers a 30-day grace period between signing a contract and handing over their phone. (Glyde has no grace period as it’s a peer-to-peer seller.) As Apple’s new-device releases become more frequent, the company must work harder to convince people to upgrade each year, says Brian Colello, technology analyst at research firm Morningstar. While the smartphone market is getting saturated in the U.S., the iPhone 7 will likely have a big impact, Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook is hoping that the upgrades and fanfare surrounding the iPhone 7 upgrade will put pressure on Samsung. Thus far, resale sites have been reporting a surge of trade-ins for all of the most recent models. Resale site Decluttr.com says there has been 73% increase in sales in the past month alone, and is predicting an influx of iPhone 6 and 6s models following Apple’s press conference on Wednesday. More from MarketWatch Middle Seat: 2017 Brings Good News for Coach Travelers Homeowners Who Live in Copies of Famous Properties Everybody's chasing Tesla for electric cars at CES Quote References AAPL +1.30 +1.11% WMT -0.95 -1.37% AMZN +15.54 +1.99% Most Popular S&P 500, Nasdaq end at records after solid jobs report These are the 10 best and 10 worst U.S. stocks of 2017 Here’s the right way for stock-market investors to trade Trump in 2017 These jobs are getting the biggest pay raises Here are the safest airlines to fly in 2017 Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Do You Have the Wrong Financial Advisor? SmartAsset.com Compare Financial Advisors in Your Neighborhood SmartAsset.com Mistakes People Make When Choosing a Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Exclusive Travel Rewards from Luxury Card SmartAsset.com 1.12% APY - $10,000 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.43% 30 yr fixed 3.99% 15 yr fixed 3.16% 10 yr fixed 3.01% 30 yr fixed refi 4.02% 15 yr fixed refi 3.18% 5/1 ARM 3.32% 5/1 ARM refi 3.5% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.55% $50K HELOC 4.59% $75K HELOC 4.6% $100K HELOC 4.25% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.56% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.19% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.18% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.1% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.2% 2 yr CD 0.77% 1 yr CD 0.59% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.37% MMA Savings 0.32% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.36% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.04% 48 Mo Used Car 3.07% 36 Mo Used Car 3.22% 72 Mo New Car 3.43% 60 Mo New Car 3.09% 48 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.86% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.61% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.16% 12.10% 11.98% Business 13.37% 13.26% 13.12% Student 13.67% 13.54% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.60% 14.53% 14.38% Airline 15.35% 15.25% 15.08% Reward 15.44% 15.36% 15.29% Cash Back 15.51% 15.43% 15.32% Instant Approval 18.00% 17.88% 18.04% Bad Credit 22.98% 22.95% 22.56% Source: CreditCards.com Quentin Fottrell Quentin Fottrell is a news editor and The Moneyologist columnist for MarketWatch. You can follow him on Twitter @quantanamo. MarketWatch Partner Center Quentin Fottrell Quentin Fottrell is a news editor and The Moneyologist columnist for MarketWatch. You can follow him on Twitter @quantanamo. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner reportedly buy $5.6 million house in D.C. View More The Moneyologist Moneyologist 'all-stars' update MarketWatch readers on their lives View More Real Estate The surprising cities where you’ll find America’s newest and oldest homes View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for health care View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAPL $117.91 +1.30 (+1.11%) Volume 31.1M Open $116.78 High $118.16 Low $116.47 P/E Ratio 14.26 Div Yield 1.93 Market Cap 621.8B Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $68.26 -0.95 (-1.37%) Volume 9.4M Open $68.41 High $68.50 Low $68.01 P/E Ratio 14.84 Div Yield 2.93 Market Cap 212.7B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $795.99 +15.54 (+1.99%) Volume 5.9M Open $782.36 High $799.44 Low $778.48 P/E Ratio 182.39 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 370.8B LatestNews
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Tech Buzz Computing Applications Data Management Hardware Chips Personal Computers Servers Operating Systems Internet Internet of Things Online Entertainment Search Tech Social Networking Web Apps IT Developers IT Leadership Network Management Mobile Tech Mobile Apps Smartphones Tablets Wearable Tech Wireless Networking Reviews Security Cybersecurity Hacking Malware Privacy Technology Audio/Video Emerging Tech Virtual Reality Gaming Home Tech How-To Photography Science Health Space Tech Buzz Tech Law Transportation Tech Blog  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map January 6, 2017 05:50:22 PM PST TechNewsWorld > Tech Buzz | Next Article in Tech Buzz Sacking Jack May Anger iPhone Headphone Fans Print Email By John P. Mello Jr. Sep 3, 2016 8:00 AM PT Apple cofounder Steve Wozniak recently said removing the headphone jack in the next version of the iPhone is going to "tick off a lot of people." It's been rumored for months that Apple would be scrapping the 3.5 mm headphone jack in the iPhone 7 it's expected to unveil next week. Such a move, Wozniak said in an interview, could upset users who have invested in listening technology that uses the headphone jack. Ditching the headphone jack could be the prelude to another rumored new product: Bluetooth earbuds based on a very-low-powered radio chip developed exclusively by Apple. Wozniak prefers listening to music over wired headphones, he told The Australian Financial Review, because audio through Bluetooth wireless technology, which is used by most wireless headsets, sounds flat. However, if Bluetooth could be improved to produce better sound, he'd use wireless headphones, he said. Such technology already exists, maintained Jeff Orr, senior practice director for mobile devices at ABI Research. "There is the ability in Bluetooth to deliver a very high-quality audio experience," he told TechNewsWorld. "It depends on how much a company is willing to invest in it to deliver something an audiophile would appreciate." Jackless Options Without the headphone jack, the only headset option would be wireless, unless Apple introduces alternatives. One solution could be headphones that plug into Apple's proprietary Lightning Connector, which is used primarily to charge the iPhone. However, it's rumored that Apple is changing that connector, too. The new connector would dock to the iPhone magnetically, similar to Apple's laptop computer connectors. Another alternative would be to offer a dongle that would plug into the Lightning Connector and add a 3.5 mm jack to the iPhone. Apple used the adaptor approach before, when it went from using a 30-pin connector on its iOS devices to the present Lightning Connector. Such an adaptor likely would be inelegant, maintained Kevin Krewell, a principal analyst at Tirias Research. "Apple does not make elegant dongles," he told TechNewsWorld. "The dongles are designed to be as inelegant as possible to convince people not to use them for an extended period of time and to move on to what's new," Krewell added. Inelegant or not, Wozniak would use an adaptor with an iPhone so he could listen to music through his wired earphones with custom ear implants, he told the AFR. Strong Foundation Although the demise of the headphone jack has not been confirmed, the rumor appears to be very well established, as rumors go. "It's been a solid rumor for an extended period of time, so I believe it will be true," Krewell said. There are still doubters, though. "I wouldn't be surprised if Apple floated the idea a year ago to get people talking about it and see how people would react to this type of change," ABI's Orr noted. If Apple does scrap the standard headphone jack, it won't be the first company to do so. Lenovo removed the jack in its flagship Moto Z line of phones introduced earlier this year. "If you're going to remove the headphone jack, you'd better have a compelling advantage for consumers," said Ian Fogg, senior director of the mobile and telecoms team at IHS Markit. Lenovo's pitch is that by eliminating the headphone jack it can create a thinner device to which optional modules can be attached. The problem is that the modules would add thickness to the phone. "That makes Lenovo's proposition for dropping the headphone jack quite weak," Fogg told TechNewsWorld. Backlash or Back Pat? Although Apple has made bold moves to mothball legacy technology in the past, losing the headphone jack is different from going from a 30-pin to Lightning Connector. "The headphone jack is not just a port used by smartphones. It's used on many devices -- laptops, TV sets, home stereos, radios. It's very, very ubiquitous," Fogg said. "It isn't like a change in the product line where people can get over the change fairly quickly. There are so many other devices where people use a headphone socket, it will take them many years to switch to something newer," he suggested. "That makes it a tricky area for Apple to innovate in." Will eliminating the headphone jack tick off customers, as Wozniak predicted? "There is certainly the risk that Apple will alienate some part of its audience if it removes the audio port from the iPhone," said Orr. However, if the past is any predictor of the future, Apple should be able to keep its fans in line. "Apple's customer base has never abandoned it when it's made major infrastructure transitions in the past," observed Tirias' Krewell. "There's always grumbling initially, but people eventually fall in line." John Mello is a freelance technology writer and contributor to Chief Security Officer magazine. You can connect with him on Google+. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by John P. Mello Jr. Reader Comments Join the discussion! Re: Sacking Jack May Anger iPhone Headphone Fans jdsaxPosted 2016-09-07 Don't use "audiophile" and "ear buds" in the same article. Reply Re: Sacking Jack May Anger iPhone Headphone Fans jescott418Posted 2016-09-04 Apple is all about marketing. Eliminating the jack is of no concern for Apple. It's about marketing new products, accessories, and providing what Apple considers as advancing the product. This is nothing new, Apple has always managed to dump ports for the purpose of installing new ones. In iPhone's this is purely about selling higher priced wireless headphones. Especially since Apple purchased Beats. What Woz says is absolutely true, many have invested in other products that use the 3.5 mm jack and beyond that a wired headphone for many is a better choice than bluetooth. Not every iPhone owner is wealthy enough to buy a wireless solution especially if they have invested in a good wired head set. Why should I buy more products to fix something Apple decided I didn't need? My experience with ... Read More Reply Related Stories Headphone Jack-less iPhone 7 Rumor Gains Ground Jun 22, 2016 iPhone 7 Rumors Blunt Anticipation May 11, 2016 New Little iPhone May Sprout This Spring Jan 26, 2016 News Alerts Bluetooth Activate Alert | Search Archives Lenovo Activate Alert | Search Archives Create Your Own News Alerts More in Tech Buzz Can Apple Beat Snapchat and Instagram at Their Video Game? Echo Owners May Get Their Own Kind of Music #StandWithLeslie and Obliterate Internet Trolls Gadget Ogling: Musical Pizza Boxes, Backup Backpacks, and Tattooing Robots Apple Buys Healthcare 'Magic Machine' From the Olympic Non-Robbery to Ford Getting Out of Cars, to Evil NSA: A Strange Week Free Newsletters from ECT News Network Don't Miss a Story. Get the Latest Headlines Delivered to Your Inbox. Tech News Flash Daily - View Sample E-Commerce Minute Daily - View Sample ECT News Network Weekly Newsletter - View Sample Editor's Pick - View Sample View All More by John P. Mello Jr. Lenovo Surprises With Home Tech Play 2017: More Apple Security Flaws, Cyberattacks, Hacktivisim Fact-Checking the President-Elect's Tweets Yahoo Suffers Major Data Breach Deja Vu Apple AirPods Finally Good to Go Trump, Tech Bigwigs to Meet Wednesday Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts Which sector will benefit most from technological advances in 2017? Banking / Finance Education Energy Government / Law Enforcement Healthcare / Medical Retail Sports / Entertainment Telecommunications Vote to See Results E-Commerce Times Medium Slashes Staff, Aims to Fix 'Broken' Model Apple's Great App Store Sales May Not Signify Much Which Wireless Carrier Is Best for You? Bitcoin Rides the Uncertainty Wave Evernote Toes the Privacy Line Apple, Ireland Balk at EU's Bill for Back Taxes Softbank Pumps $1B Into Global Web Access Race 2017: AI's Coming Out Party ECT News Network on Twitter Tweets about "TechNewsWorld" CRM Buyer Customer Service Takes a Turn Engagio CEO Jon Miller: How to Land a Whale Radius CEO Darian Shirazi: Solve for Data Decay Sales, Marketing Poised for AI Revolution Salesforce Releases Texting Customer Service Chatbot Looking Forward Stock Shortages May Deplete Brand Loyalty Fast Bill Bolsters Legal Efforts of Wells Fargo Fraud Victims LinuxInsider Google, FCA Test-Drive New Open Source Infotainment System Absolute Linux Caters to the Slackware Crowd Docker Delivers Containerd to Open Source Community CrateDB Launches Machine Data Innovations Torvalds Releases Hefty Linux Kernel Update New Smartwatch OS Debuts on GitHub Android Marshmallow on PC Falls Flat AI Platforms Welcome Devs With Open Arms SPONSOR SHOWCASE Marketers - Fill Your Sales Funnel Instantly Access millions of IT and business decision makers. Our full-service global marketing program delivers sales-ready leads. Learn more. TechNewsWorld Headlines TechNewsWorld Nvidia Lays Out Bold Strategy at CES Gadget Ogling: Floating Speakers, Neckbrace Audio, and Charming Caffeine Fixes Crowd Forms on Alexa Bandwagon Snapdragon-Powered AR Smartglasses Are the Real Deal Lenovo Surprises With Home Tech Play Norton Core Router Gives Home Security a New Design Looking Ahead to CES: This Will Be a Big One Germany Could Ding Facebook for Fake News Inside TechNewsWorld Applications Microsoft, Qualcomm Tuck Windows 10 Into ARM Devices Microsoft Launches Teams to Foil Office 365 Poachers Microsoft Sees 3D Future for Everyone Computing Refracta 8.0 Is a Pint-Sized Powerhouse Gooligan Ransacks More Than 1M Android Accounts Docker, Canonical Team on Enterprise Support Data Management Commerce Dept Signs Up Private Sector IT Partners AvePoint CEO TJ Jiang: Innovation Through Collaboration Social Media Analytics, Meet Big Brother Emerging Tech Amazon Prime Air Zips Through British Countryside Uber's Self-Driving Fleet Takes On San Francisco Magic Leap Catches Flak Over Tricky Video Exclusives Aptean SVP Matt Keenan: CRM Needs to Be Intuitive Demandbase's CEO Chris Golec: Finding the Companies That Should Be Buying From You Marketo VP Mike Telem: ABM Lets You Dust Off Old Marketing Techniques Hardware Nvidia Takes Self-Driving Journey to California Roads Microsoft Trumpets Stellar Surface Sales Microsoft and Intel's Project Evo Ups the PC Game Internet of Things Service in the IoT Era How AI Could End Stupid Thanksgiving Arguments DDoS Attack Causes Waves of Internet Outages IT Leadership Clinton Issues Clarion Call to Boost Tech in the US Google's 'Area 120' Incubator Aims to Keep Innovation In-House A Dramatic 16 Years for 4 Tech Titans Mobile Tech Apple AirPods Finally Good to Go Gadget Ogling: Rolling Records, Designing Lawns, and Placated Phones Fitbit Pulls Pebble From Rock, Hard Place Science Gadget Ogling: Heightened Hearing, Toasty Toes, and Glass Speakers Gates Spearheads $1B Clean Tech Effort MIT's Nightmare Machine Churns Out AI-Generated Horror Spotlight Features Traversing the Social Media Minefield China's Business-Unfriendly Cybersecurity Stance Conspiracy Theories in the Information Age, Part 2 Tech Buzz 2016: The Year That Was Samsung May Unleash a Beast Waymo Offers Glimpse of Autonomous Chrysler Minivans Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2017 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple is paying to tweet without tweeting – The Verge Posted on September 3, 2016 by The Verge Apple joined Twitter back in 2011, but it left its account inactive until yesterday morning. Apple’s Twitter account lit up with a new avatar, background photo, and verified status, ahead of the company’s iPhone event next week. Apple kept its account … Apple posts promoted-only tweet teasing Sept. 7 eventAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Apple activates verified Twitter account ahead of iPhone unveilingDigital Trends Apple’s Five-Year-Old Twitter Account Gets Active Ahead of September 7 Event [Updated]Mac Rumors MarketWatch -TrustedReviews -Mashable -TabTimes (blog) all 24 news articles …read more wrote 24400 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Hey Alexa, what are your competitors doing? – PCWorld Apple CEO Tim Cook’s pay slumps along with iPhone sales – Washington Post Android Circuit: Galaxy S8 Launch Date Leaks, Galaxy Note Returns, Fixing Google Pixel Problems – Forbes Amazon’s Alexa moves in on Google’s Android system – Reuters Hacker Successfully Adds More Games To NES Classic Edition – Gameranx (blog) Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events More Telegraph Business Global tax tentacles extend their reach as authorities tighten grip  Apple was the focal point of the world's growing clamour for tax reforms this week Credit: Mark Lennihan/AP Photo Marion Dakers 3 September 2016 • 4:08pm Apple and Ireland had no idea that the secret tax deal they struck in 1991 would one day be worth €13bn (£11bn). Even last week, after the European Commission ruled that this is precisely how much the country must claw back from the tech giant, neither side was willing to accept the sums. Tim Cook, the chief executive of Apple, described the ruling as “total political crap”, among other things. Ireland, whose generous tax system helped produce a 26pc boost to the economy on paper last year, is preparing to challenge the award that amounts to more than €2,800 for everyone in the country. For now, the public are forced to trust that the commission’s figures for 10 years of back-taxes are correct. One of the most eye-catching claims when the ruling was unveiled in Brussels on Tuesday was that Apple only paid 0.005pc in tax on its Irish earnings in 2014. But like many aspects of the world’s creaking tax system, the numbers are impossible to untangle – not least because the details have been kept under wraps. Margrethe Vestager, the Danish politician in charge of competition law at the commission, said Apple’s private data can only be revealed once both the firm and the Irish government agree. “It’s quite a good illustration of the fact that more transparency would be a good thing. That country-by-country reporting would make it much easier to know the ups and downs here,” she told journalists. Margrethe Vestager estimated Apple's tax bill at €13bn Credit: Olivier Hoslet/EPA The bizarre stand-off between a heavily indebted country that refuses to accept €13bn in taxes that Europe insists it deserves is one of the most vivid recent encounters in a global push towards more transparent and fair tax rules. As long as national taxes exist, countries will be tempted to compete to boost their own tax base with lower rates and more generous interpretations of the rules. America, Apple’s home nation, is also angry at the commission’s €13bn intervention, fearful that this is a bid to grab the US’s tax revenues. Yet without such a high rate of corporation tax, reaching 40pc in some cases, US firms would be less likely to turn to more unusual structures to minimise their bills.   Europe Corporate Tax Some commentators believe this is a fight waged among national and international authorities, with globalised companies just the collateral damage. “Ignorance of the law is no excuse, but now knowledge of it is no excuse either, it seems,” said Iain Donaldson, a partner at the law firm Hill Dickinson.  “The uncertainty is going to be a big issue. Clients are going to want to know how to get certainty, and if they can’t, everything will beg the question: how can we know that what we’ve done isn’t going to be overturned? It’s an extra facet when people are thinking about where to set up a company.” This uncertainty is amplified by the odd choice of methods the commission chose to pursue Apple. Vestegar said that a country doing tax deals with companies is not the problem: instead, it was that this option wasn’t available to everyone, and so breaches EU rules against state aid for companies.  Ignorance of the law is no excuse, but now knowledge of it is no excuse either, it seemsIain Donaldson, partner at Hill Dickinson The same rules have put the UK on a collision course with the EU over its plans to support a rescue deal for Tata Steel, and could hamper a deal with the French-backed energy firm EDF that would secure new nuclear power at Hinkley Point in Somerset. Apple, which has been operating in Ireland since 1980, won the country’s support for its tax planning in 1991, and rejigged the set-up in 2007, before retiring it last year under increasing public scrutiny. The structure that Apple employed funnelled about two thirds of its global profits through two Irish subsidiaries. Apple Operations International and Apple Operations Europe are registered in Ireland, and recognised as Irish by the United States. But in a strange disappearing act, the Irish authorities do not see the firms as Irish, because they have no real operations there – Apple’s real offices and factory in Cork are held in a different firm. These subsidiaries fall through the cracks, where they are recognised nowhere and nobody is taxing their profits. How the European Commission illustrated Apple's tax structure Tax authorities are supposed to catch this with international transfer pricing rules – if one company passes assets to its sister firm, it is supposed to guess how much the deal would cost on the open market and pay tax in the relevant countries – but this artifice crumbles in the face of abstract things like a technology company’s royalties, with no objective value. “The profits did not have any factual or economic justification. The ‘head office’ had no employees, no premises and no real activities,” said Vestager of Apple’s chosen structure. The commission is still going through dozens of such tax deals between nations and companies, ranging from small outfits to “national darlings”, to pin down what their rules may or may not permit. It is unclear whether any other firms will be handed retroactive tax bills. “We can say with at least some substance that tax rulings can be an absolutely legitimate thing. It is only when [they] are used to give illegal state aid that we get concerned,” said Vestegar. Google, McDonald’s, Starbucks and Amazon are among the global firms that have made such agreements with national tax authorities and are now under the commission’s gaze. These companies and others have typically used non-US subsidiaries to mop up their global earnings and hold them offshore, avoiding the 40pc tax they must pay to repatriate the cash. So far, Apple has built up $215bn in offshore funds, the largest of any US company. Chief executive Cook has long argued that the company would only bring the money back once Washington slashes the tax rate, but since the European bombshell he has signalled that Apple could repatriate some of its cash pile next year. Other firms have kept their cash out of the US Treasury’s hands with a spate of so-called tax inversion takeovers. These deals see an American company take over a foreign rival to take advantage of wherever its low-tax headquarters are already based, a wheeze invented by banking advisers partly to help companies awash with money stranded outside the US. Ireland, a popular destination for these deals thanks to its relatively low 12.5pc rate of corporate tax, has attracted a number of major transactions. The extent of the tax land grab produced a whopping 26pc increase in the size of the Irish economy last year as a result of the corporate tax inversions, which according to Ireland’s official book-keepers brought the entire balance sheet of pharmaceutical giants such as Perrigo into the country’s GDP calculations. Michael Noonan, Ireland’s finance minister, said the eye-popping growth figure that emerged in July masked a genuine economic recovery, with employment and consumer spending rising in part thanks to an influx of global firms. “People’s lives are improving with more at work than at any time since the onset of the downturn,” he said. Hi-tech industries employ 4.4pc of Ireland’s workforce, the second-highest in the EU behind Finland. American politicians have decried tax inversions, and tougher rules that attempt to block larger firms from moving into the headquarters of a smaller takeover target discouraged a number of deals and saw Pfizer scrapping its planned $150bn (£113bn) takeover of its Irish drugs rival Allergan in April. Finance minister Michael Noonan has defended Ireland's economic strategy Credit: Cathal McNaughton/Reuters The tortuous process of agreeing global tax rules is supposed to narrow some of these gaps and focus nations on halting egregious tax avoidance instead of encouraging it. Last October, the OECD club of rich nations produced the base erosion and profit shifting (BEPS) rules, adopted by more than 100 jurisdictions to curb aggressive tax avoidance.  BEPS, which big UK companies will adopt from next year, will require large firms to tell the tax authorities exactly where they make their money, country by country, so their tax planning can be properly judged. This information won’t be made public – although the EU has separate plans that might push this data into the open, an idea that gained more traction after the Panama Papers leak showed in lurid details how far some people went to disguise their assets. Ken Almand, head of transfer pricing at the accountancy firm RSM, said Europe was already going further than the global efforts, risking the same splits that led to international tax shopping in the first place. “BEPS has really concentrated on taxpayers. This situation [with Apple] has seen the EU identify the countries that are the main part of the problem, rather than the companies themselves,” he said. “Ultimately if there are still countries prepared to put in place tax regimes that allow multinationals to lower their tax bills, they will move. But it’s a game-changer that the commission is going after countries.” The British tax authority, HMRC, has been an active player in drafting and adopting BEPS, even changing the Treasury’s flagship “patent box” tax relief rules for hi-tech companies in order to comply. Yet the country’s corporation tax is set to fall to 17pc, the lowest in the G20 nations, by 2020. With an exit from the European Union looming, ministers might be tempted to compete as a tax haven that offers firms a base beyond the reaches of an increasingly aggressive EU. Follow Telegraph Business READ MORE ABOUT: HM Revenue & Customs Tim Cook Global economy Apple European Union Show more Business latest 06 Jan 2017, 9:30pm FTSE 100 records longest run of weekly gains since Brexit vote and Dow Jones eyes historic 20,000 mark after US jobs data 06 Jan 2017, 8:00pm Comment: Why Paris is not a real rival to the City of London Allister Heath Premium 06 Jan 2017, 3:44pm Game of Thrones fans help Gatwick Airport hit record number of passengers in 2016 06 Jan 2017, 3:32pm US wage growth accelerates as Trump prepares to take office 06 Jan 2017, 3:14pm Edmond de Rothschild Asset Management retreats from UK retail market 06 Jan 2017, 1:27pm Japan rallies around Toyota after Donald Trump's criticism of Mexico car plant 06 Jan 2017, 1:22pm Jamie Oliver closes six of his Italian restaurants blaming collapse in sterling and tough trading  06 Jan 2017, 1:16pm UK productivity edges up but growth still flounders below pre-crisis levels 06 Jan 2017, 12:51pm Shares in engineer Fenner soar as oil and gas market shows glimmer of life 06 Jan 2017, 11:10am Mountain Warehouse shakes off the high street chill with record sales 06 Jan 2017, 11:01am TP Icap soars after Trump trading boost 06 Jan 2017, 10:10am Promising L&G and bombed-out Next: two additions to Questor's income portfolio Premium 06 Jan 2017, 9:27am Samsung brushes off Note 7 catastrophe as profits set to hit three-year high 06 Jan 2017, 9:05am The app that warns investors when Donald Trump tweets about companies  06 Jan 2017, 8:28am Passenger numbers on the rise at easyJet despite turbulent year 06 Jan 2017, 7:40am Barclays' Japan chief quizzed by Libor squad 06 Jan 2017, 6:00am Comment: Business is ready to get to work to make the most of Brexit Carolyn Fairbairn Premium 05 Jan 2017, 8:37pm Comment: The post-Brexit mini-boom has defied the economist 'monoculture'  Allister Heath Premium 05 Jan 2017, 7:31pm Comment: Why trade doesn’t need trade deals –as Sir Ivan Rogers seems to believe Juliet Samuel Premium 05 Jan 2017, 6:38pm Comment: Before running for president, Mark Zuckerberg should grow up and admit the damage Facebook does to democracy  Jeremy Warner Premium 05 Jan 2017, 5:59pm FTSE 100 enjoys longest run of record closing highs since 1997 If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
Skip to main content area You can close this video in 5 seconds.   LIVE SMARTER THE AUTOMATOR Smart Shopping BIG QUESTIONS Lists VIDEOS QUIZZES STORE PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections LIVE SMARTER THE AUTOMATOR SMART SHOPPING BIG QUESTIONS LISTS VIDEOS QUIZZES PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections STORE This Weekend's Top Amazon Deals You Need to See Share Smart Shopping Team filed under: shopping Image credit:  amazon / istock Like us on Facebook As a recurring feature, our team combs the Web and shares some amazing Amazon deals we’ve turned up. Here’s what caught our eye today, September 3. Mental Floss has affiliate relationships with certain retailers, including Amazon, and may receive a small percentage of any sale. But we only get commission on items you buy and don’t return, so we’re only happy if you’re happy. Good luck deal hunting! GADGETS iKross Car Headrest Mount Holder with 360 Degrees Rotation for 7-10.2-Inch Tablets - Black for $16.99 (list price $49.99) Bluetooth Earbuds, TaoTronics Wireless Sweatproof Sports Headphones (Bluetooth 4.1, Secure Ear Hooks Design with Cable Clips, 7 Hours Play Time) for $22.99 (list price $35.99) Fire HD 6 Tablet, 6" HD Display, Wi-Fi, 8 GB - Includes Special Offers, Black for $69.99 (list price $99.99) Quick Charge 3.0 Anker 42W 2-Port USB Car Charger PowerDrive+ 2 with Quick Charge 3.0 and Quick Charge 2.0 with PowerIQ for Galaxy S7/S6/S6 Edge, iPhone, iPad, LG G5, Nexus, HTC and More for $24.59 (list price $39.99) Mobility Magnetic Car Mount - Best Universal Cell Phone and Mini Tablet Car Mount - Compatible with Apple iPhone 6, 6 Plus, 5, Samsung Galaxy S7, S6, LG G4, Nexus 6P Smartphones - Air Vent Clip-On for $7.99 (list price $19.99) AUKEY 20000mAh Portable Charger with Lightning Input and 4.8A Dual USB Output (AiPower Tech), Including Micro-USB Input for $31.99 (list price $39.99) BasAcc Micro USB 2-in-1 OTG / Micro SD Memory Stick Card Reader Flash Drive Adapter For Samsung Galaxy S6 / S6 Edge S5 S4 S3 S2, Note 4 3 2, Tab S 4 3 2 and More Android Smartphones, Tablets from HTC, LG, Sony, Motorola, Nokia and More - Black for $9.99 (list price $11.99) StarCat External CD Drive USB Superdrive DVD Drive with USB2.0 Cable for Mac Macbook Air Macbook Pro for $14.99 (list price $17.99) YINENN 760 Stereo Wireless Bluetooth 4.0 Neckband Style Headset for Smartphones & Tablets - Black for $13.59 (list price $49.99) AUKEY Micro USB Cable, Gold-plated Quick Charge (3-Pack 3.3ft x 2, 6.6ft x 1) for Galaxy S6/S7/Edge, Samsung, HTC, and More for $11.99 (list price $25.99) AUKEY USB Ethernet Hub ( 3 USB Ports+ 1Ethernet Port), Aluminum Body for iMac, MacBook/ Pro/ Air, Mac Mini and More PC for $19.99 (list price $39.99) SoundPEATS In-Ear Headphones Ergonomic Comfort-Fit Earphones Stereo Earbud Headphones with Microphone (Noise Cancelling, Metal Housing, Flat Cable, In-line Control) - M20 Black for $9.99 (list price $21.99) SteelSeries Stratus XL, Bluetooth Wireless Gaming Controller for Windows + Android, Samsung Gear VR, HTC Vive, and Oculus for $48.99 (list price $59.99) Mobility Magnetic Car Mount - Best Universal Cell Phone and Mini Tablet Car Mount - Compatible with Apple iPhone 6, 6 Plus, 5, Samsung Galaxy S7, S6, LG G4, Nexus 6P Smartphones - Air Vent Clip-On for $7.99 (list price $19.99) EBL 8 Bay AA AAA Battery Charger with AA 2800mAh (4 Pack) and AAA 1100mAh (4 Pack) Ni-MH Rechargeable Batteries for $17.99 (list price $54.99) HooToo iPhone Flash Drive USB 3.0 Key for iPad iPod with Extended Lightning Connector, 64GB External Storage Memory Expansion, Plug and Play, Alloy Metal Casing, iPlugmate Plus for $59.99 (list price $99.99) SanDisk Ultra Dual USB Drive 3.0 (SDDD2-032G-GAM46W) for $9.99 (list price $12.90) Sabrent USB 3.0 to SSD / 2.5-Inch SATA Hard Drive Adapter [Optimized For SSD, Support UASP SATA III] (EC-SSHD) for $9.99 (list price $19.99) Etekcity 2000g Digital Pocket Scale, Stainless Steel, Backlit Display, 0.01oz Resolution for $10.99 (list price $21.99) iXCC ElementII Series 8pin Lightning to USB Charge and Sync Cable for iPhone 5/6/6s/Plus/iPad Mini/Air/Pro - Black and White (Apple MFi Certified) for $13.79 (list price $29.99) SoundPEATS Bluetooth Headphones Sport Wireless Earbuds Stereo Earphones with Mic (Bluetooth 4.1, aptx, Secure Ear Hooks Design, 6 Hours Play Time, Upgraded Version) - Q9A + for $21.99 (list price $43.99) Maxell 723849 Alkaline Battery AAA Cell 20-Pack for $5.59 (list price $6.99) OJA USB WiFi Adapter High Speed 300Mbps Dongle with 5DBi Antenna Transmission Range Up to 300 feet Ultra Stable Wireless Card for Laptop Desktop PC (W60) for $11.25 (list price $14.99) Sharkk Basics Camera Microphone Beginner Studio/stereo Shotgun Recording Microphone for Canon Nikon Pentax Olympus Panasonic Digital SLR Cameras for $19.99 (list price $99.99) Lexar Professional 2000x 32GB SDHC UHS-II/U3 (Up to 300MB/s Read) w/USB 3.0 Reader - LSD32GCRBNA2000R for $49.99 (list price $56.95) Zkomori Micro USB Cable 4Pack 6ft 10ft High Speed Nylon Braided Cord for Samsung, HTC, Motorola, Nokia, Android, and More for $12.99 (list price $35.99) Amazon Fire TV Gaming Edition for $124.99 (list price $139.99) Casio Men's G7900-1 G-Shock Rescue Digital Sport Watch for $66.50 (list price $99.00) Tommy Hilfiger Men's 1790877 Silver-Tone Stainless Steel Watch for $95.51 (list price $165.00) Casio Men's SGW500H-1BV Black Resin Multifunction Watch for $58.90 (list price $99.95) Citizen Men's AT8020-03L Blue Angels World A-T Eco-Drive Watch for $401.65 (list price $595.00) StarCat External CD Drive USB Superdrive DVD Drive with USB2.0 Cable for Mac Macbook Air Macbook Pro for $14.99 (list price $17.99) KITCHEN Fender Amp Large Tin Fun Box for $9.99 (list price $12.99) Crock-Pot 6-Quart 5-in-1 Multi-Cooker with Non-Stick Inner Pot, Stainless Steel, SCCPMC600-S for $125.08 (list price $149.99) Cuisinart Set of 3 Fine Mesh Stainless Steel Strainers for $12.47 (list price $22.00) Cook N Home Stainless Steel Cookware 10-inch Saute Pan With Lid for $19.79 (list price $24.99) Zodaca Premium 7-Pieces Heat Resistant Nylon Raised Up Kitchen Cooking Utensils Set with Rotating Carousel Stand, Multi Color for $17.29 (list price $20.99) Sharkk Basics 300W Mini Personal Blender with Two (2) 20oz Sport Bottles Smoothie Maker Stainless Steel Blades and Automatic Safety Function for $37.99 (list price $149.99) Wilton Recipe Right 3 Piece Cookie Pan Set for $9.99 (list price $13.49) Seal-a-Meal Manual Vacuum Sealer with compact design, hands-free, seal indicator lights, FSSMSL0160-000 for $31.44 (list price $49.99) SunrisePro Knife Sharpener, USA patented, Original, Red for $19.96 (list price $37.98) Presto 06301 Dehydro Digital Electric Food Dehydrator for $56.20 (list price $109.99) Silicone Non Stick Baking Mats with Measurements (3-Pack) - 2 Half Sheet Liners & 1 Quarter Sheet Mat - Professional Quality, Non Toxic & FDA Approved - Red, Yellow & Green by Silchef for $15.99 (list price $49.99) Gracie China Rose Chintz 8-Ounce Porcelain Tea Cup and Saucer, Set of 4 for $28.49 (list price $37.50) Schefs Premium Tea Infuser - Stainless Steel - Single Cup - Perfect Strainer for Loose Leaf Tea for $8.97 (list price $15.99) Simply Calphalon Nonstick 12" Jumbo Fryer for $59.40 (list price $75.00) Keurig 119367 2.0 My K-Cup Reusable Coffee Filter, Small, Black (Updated Model) for $8.96 (list price $14.99) Premium Class Stainless Steel Kitchen 6 Piece Knives Set (5 Knives plus an Acrylic Stand) - by Utopia Kitchen for $24.99 (list price $69.99) 2 Quart - 18/10 Stainless Steel - Saucepan - with Cover - 18 x 9cm - Multipurpose Use for Home Kitchen or Restaurant - Chef's Choice - by Utopia Kitchen for $19.99 (list price $99.99) UberChef Premium Ultra Sharp Stainless Steel Julienne Peeler & Vegetable Peeler with Cleaning Brush | UC-JP101 for $19.95 (list price $9.95) The Stone Earth Pan by Ozeri, with 100% PFOA-Free Stone-Derived Non-Stick Coating from Germany for $38.95 (list price $79.99) Calphalon Nonstick Bakeware, Pizza Pan, 16-inch for $13.99 (list price $18.99) Silicone Egg Poacher Cups - Set of 4 BPA Free Poaching Pods for Cooking Perfect Poached Eggs - Microwave or Stovetop Egg Cooker for $7.97 (list price $14.97) Fred & Friends EGG-A-MATIC Skull Egg Mold for $7.23 (list price $7.98) Crockpot SCCPVS600ECP-S Cook and Carry Cooker with Digital Control, 6 quart, Silver for $55.99 (list price $79.99) Nordic Ware Natural Aluminum Commercial Baker's Jelly Roll Baking Sheet for $12.92 (list price $18.00) Wusthof Gourmet 5-1/2-Inch Tomato Knife for $30.95 (list price $38.00) Thirstystone Marble Serving Board with Sheesham Wood, Black for $13.64 (list price $22.28) RTIC 30 oz. Tumbler for $16.75 Riedel O Whisky Glasses, Set of 2 for $24.94 (list price $29.50) Chef Rimer Microwave Popcorn Popper Sturdy Convenient Handles Healthy No Oil Silicone Red Collapsible Hot Air Movie Theater Aroma  for $17.97 (list price $23.00) Kitchy Pizza Cutter Wheel, Stainless Steel for $12.99 (list price $20.00) Swarovski Crystal Magnetic Wine Glass Charms Set of 12 - Entertain Elegantly with Trendy Wine Glass Markers that even work on Stemless Glasses by Simply Charmed for $24.99 (list price $44.99) Libbey Brewmaster 15-Ounce Beer Mug 6-Piece Set, Clear for $19.99 (list price $21.99) Midea WHS-160RB1 Compact Single Reversible Door Refrigerator and Freezer, 4.4 Cubic Feet, Black for $153.00 (list price $199.99) InterDesign Refrigerator, Freezer and Kitchen Storage Organizer Bins, 4 Piece Set - Clear for $18.50 (list price $24.26) Rachael Ray Stoneware 1.5-Quart Round BakerRachael Ray Stoneware 1-1/2-Quart Round Baker, Blue for $16.99 (list price $34.00) Rachael Ray Stoneware EVOO Oil Dispensing Bottle, Red for $11.32 (list price $34.00) Imperial Home High Quality Fast Defrosting Tray - The Safest Way to Defrost Meat or Frozen Food Quickly Without Electricity, Microwave, Hot Water or Any Other Tools for $14.99 (list price $19.99) Nespresso Inissia Espresso Maker, Black for $100.79 (list price $149.00) All-Clad 41126 Stainless Steel Tri-Ply Bonded Dishwasher Safe Fry Pan with Lid / Cookware, 12-Inch, Silver for $101.99 (list price $199.99) Schefs Premium Silicone Spatula Turner - includes Stainless Steel Handle and Comfort Grip for $11.99 (list price $16.97) Tovolo Pancake Pen for $6.19 (list price $10.00) Meal Prep Haven Stackable Food Containers with Lids, Set of 7 for $7.16 (list price $24.95) Lodge Pro-Logic P12SGR3 Pre-Seasoned Cast Iron Square Grill Pan, 12-inch for $27.61 (list price $42.00) New Star Foodservice 27983 8-Piece Seafood Tool Kit, Includes Lobster Crackers and Forks Set for $10.95 (list price $13.27) Cuisinart CPT-320 Compact Stainless 2-Slice Toaster, Brushed Stainless for $27.98 (list price $39.95) Habor Instant Read Digital Meat Thermometer and Timer with Steel Probe for Cooking BBQ Smoker Grill for $11.99 (list price $16.99) A29 Premium Moscow Mule Copper Unlined Gift Pack Mug, 100 % Pure Solid Copper (16-Ounce, Hammered, Set of 2) with FREE Copper Jigger for (list price ) HOME Etronic 3D Dancing Flame Flickering Flameless Battery Powered LED Pillar Candle, 3" x 5", Ivory for $8.99 (list price $19.99) HOPDAY Delicates Mesh laundry Bags, Super Premium Quality Bra lingerie Protection Washing Drying Bag with Rust Proof Flow Zipper, Set of 6 (3 Medium & 3 Large)-Black & White for $19.99 (list price $29.99) Honey-Can-Do HMP-01453 Sturdy Resin Hamper with Rope Handles, Natural, 1-Bin for $11.99 (list price $28.00) Dyson Air Multiplier AM07 Tower Fan, White for $319.00 (list price $399.99) Best Standard White Hangers, USA Made Normal Impact and Long Lasting Tubular Hangers; Set of 60 for $32.99 (list price $54.99) Whynter 12,000 BTU Portable Air Conditioner, Platinum (ARC-12S) for $322.99 (list price $519.99) Restoration Shiatsu Massage Pillow With Soothing Heat - Best Portable Massage Pillow For Back, Shoulders & Neck Pain Relief - Deep Kneading Technology Provides Maximum Comfort and Relaxation for $24.99 (list price $31.99) Dirt Devil PD11000 Quick Clean Spray Mop with Swipes Microfiber Scrubbing Pad for $17.99 (list price $19.99) Set of 3 Breathable Garment Bags with Shoe Bag - Garment Bag Covers for Suit Carriers, Dresses, Linens, Storage or Travel - Suit Bag with Clear Window for $26.99 (list price $49.99) Perfect Pet Cat Scratcher Lounge - Best Scratcher Lounge for Cats - Matte Black Finish - Includes Catnip for $32.99 (list price $89.99) All Season Down Alternative Full/Queen Comforter, White for $29.25 (list price $54.99) Honey-Can-Do BRD-01435 Collapsible Tabletop Ironing Board with Pull out Iron Rest for $13.12 (list price $22.99) J.S. Hanger Wooden Extra-Wide Shoulder Suit Hangers for Coat and Pants, Walnut Finish, 5-Pack for $16.99 (list price $45.00) MYLIFEUNIT Protective Ironing Scorch Mesh Cloth for $6.99 LINENSPA 8 Inch Memory Foam and Innerspring Hybrid Mattress - Queen for $164.99 (list price $289.99) Beckham Hotel Collection Luxury Soft Brushed Microfiber 4 Piece Bed Sheet Set Deep Pocket - Queen - Gray for $21.99 (list price $25.50) Etekcity Ultra Wide Digital Body Weight Scale, Tempered Glass, 440 Pounds for $26.99 (list price $79.99) Honey-Can-Do BRD-01435 Collapsible Tabletop Ironing Board with Pull out Iron Rest for $13.12 (list price $22.99) Hoover Air 20 Volt Lithium Cordless Bagless Handheld Vacuum, BH52160PC for $69.00 (list price $84.24) Dirt Devil Breeze Cyclonic Bagless Upright Vacuum, UD70105 - Corded for $44.00 (list price $59.99) Portable Video Baby Monitor Night Vision Smart Camera with Temperature Monitors Hello Baby HB24 for $67.00 (list price $99.99) Seneo 300ml Wood Grain Aromatherapy Essential Oil Diffuser Ultrasonic Cool Mist Humidifier for Room for $34.99 (list price $49.99) ECOVACS Vacuum Cleaning Robot with Mop and Water Tank, DEEBOT N78, Black for $178.49 (list price $329.00) O-Cedar Angler Angle Broom With Dust Pan for $17.99 (list price $21.99) Aller-Ease Cotton Hypoallergenic Allergy Protection Body Pillow, 20" x 54" for $9.27 (list price $29.99) Maximum Softness and Absorbency, 100% Genuine Turkish Combed Cotton, 700 GSM Luxury Hotel & Spa 4 Piece Towel Set by American Soft Linen, Sage Green for $38.95 (list price $64.95) Creative Home Ideas Ombre Waffle Weave Shower Curtain with 12 Color Coordinated Metal Roller Rings, Multiple Colors Available for $14.25 (list price $19.99) Modern Man Fog Free Shower and Bathroom Mirror - Best Fogless Shower And Bathroom Shaving Mirror - Includes Razor Holder for $15.99 (list price $24.99) Distressed Abstract Multi Soft Area Rug 5'3" x 7'3" for $89.97 (list price $299.97) InterDesign Kent Bathware, Wastebasket Trash Can for Bathroom, Kitchen, Office - Bronze for $8.88 (list price $12.99) Deluxe Toilet Brush with Lid for $19.95 (list price $24.95) Rowenta DW5080 Focus 1700-Watt Micro Steam Iron Stainless Steel Soleplate with Auto-Off, 400-Hole, Brown for $74.99 (list price $100.00) Sauder Beginnings 3-Shelf Bookcase, Highland Oak for $28.13 (list price $39.99) Furinno 11179EX Simple Design Coffee Table, Espresso for $24.88 (list price $64.99) HEALTH AND BEAUTY Tonymoly Cats Wink Clear Pact, Clear Beige for $6.99 (list price $8.99) Redken Extreme Cat Protein Reconstructing Treatment, 5 Ounce for $16.57 (list price $19.99) Redken Extreme Cat Protein Reconstructing Treatment Spray, 5 Ounce for $14.50 (list price $19.00) QIMISI Magnetic 3D Cat Eye Gel Polish Soak Off UV LED Nail Art Free Magnet 6593 Steelblue for $5.99 (list price $9.99) Kleenex Moisturizing Instant Hand Sanitizer (31294), No Rinse, 12 8 oz. Bottles / Case for $49.99 (list price $79.27) UBeauty Hair Straightener Brush,Thermo Hair Straightening with Anion Hair Care,Anti Scald,Auto-Lock for $35.99 (list price $58.99) Facial Algae Mask by Ageless La Cure - Natural, Organic, Mineralizing and Nourishing Face Mask by Phyto 5, 1.75 Ounce for $36.37 (list price $48.50) Remington PR1260 R5 Power Series Rotary Shaver, Men's Electric Razor, Electric Shaver, Blue for $47.05 (list price $49.99) Remington XF8550 Wet & Dry Foil Shaver, Men's Electric Razor, Electric Shaver for $87.99 (list price $99.99) L'Oreal Paris Cosmetics Infallible Pro-Matte Foundation Makeup, Classic Ivory, 1 Fluid Ounce for $10.59 (list price $12.99) Philips Sonicare Breathrx Antibacterial Mouth Rinse, 16 FL. OZ. for $7.57 (list price $9.99) Primal Elements Bar Soap, Mustache, 6.0 Ounce for $4.99 (list price $9.00) St. Ives Nourished and Smooth Scrub and Mask, Oatmeal 6 oz for $3.49 (list price $4.79) Daiso Japan Natural Pack Charcoal Peel Off Mask for Acne for $4.50 (list price $7.99) Surker 1 pcs Women Cute Cat Ears Headband Hair Head Band Party Headdress for $4.28 (list price $10.00) NICOLE DIARY Nail Art Stickers Various Expression Nail Art Decoration NDS-33 for $1.99 (list price $2.99) TIGI Catwalk Headshot Reconstructive Shampoo for Unisex, 25.36 Ounce for $13.94 (list price $28.95) Born Pretty 5.5cm Round Nail Art Stamp Template Cute Cats Design Image Plate BP-102 for $1.59 (list price $2.99) Gillette Fusion Manual Men's Razor Blade Refills, 12 Count for $35.99 (list price $47.99) Philips Sonicare Essence Sonic Electric Rechargeable Toothbrush, White for $24.95 (list price $49.99) NIVEA Men Active3 3-in-1 Body Wash 16.9 Fluid Ounce (Pack of 3) for $11.97 (list price $17.97) HSI Professional Ceramic Tourmaline Ionic Flat Iron hair straightener, with Glove, Pouch and Travel Size Argan Oil Leave-in Hair Treatment for $37.99 (list price $199.99) Nexxus Color Assure Rebalancing Shampoo, with Pump 33.8 oz for $12.59 (list price $18.99) Nexxus Youth Renewal Rebalancing Shampoo 13.5 oz for $9.95 (list price $12.39) Matrix Biolage Smoothproof Shampoo & Conditioner Liter Duo for $36.72 (list price $50.00) Matrix Biolage Keratindose Pro-Keratin Plus Silk Renewal Spray, 6.7 Ounce for $18.53 (list price $23.99) Matrix Biolage Colorlast Conditioner, 13.5 Fluid Ounce for $13.59 (list price $16.00) Dove Body Wash, Deep Moisture 22 oz, Pack of 4 for $19.68 (list price $25.56) OFFICE, SCHOOL, AND CRAFTS Pilot Metropolitan Collection Fountain Pen, Black Barrel, Classic Design, Fine Nib, Black Ink (91111) for $13.40 (list price $18.75) C-Line Top Loading Heavyweight Poly No-Hole Sheet Protectors, 8.5 x 11 Inches, 25 per Box (62907) for $5.49 (list price $9.76) Post-it Flags Value Pack with Free Flag+ Pen, Assorted Primary Colors, 1-Inch wide, 50/Dispenser, 4-Dispensers for $6.99 (list price $10.49) Pentel Color Pen, Set of 36, Assorted (S360-36) for $11.99 (list price $13.99) AmazonBasics DSLR and Laptop Backpack - Orange interior for $35.99 (list price $39.99) Scotch Precision Ultra Edge Non-Stick Scissors, 8 Inches, 3-Pack (1468-3AMZ) for $22.99 (list price $25.76) Avery Heavy-Duty Badge Holders for Inserts up to 3 x 4 Inches, Pack of 25 (74471) for $9.99 (list price $11.88) Cricut Explore Air Wireless Cutting Machine for $224.99 (list price $249.99) SINGER 2277 Tradition Sewing Machine with Automatic Needle Threader for $86.73 (list price $199.99) Prismacolor Premier Colored Pencils, Soft Core, 48 Pack for $23.99 (list price $26.50) VIVA OFFICE High Back Double Padded Bonded Leather Office Chair with Soft Spring Pack Padding for $229.99 (list price $513.36) Fineliner Color Pen Set (HUGE SET OF 60 COLORING PENS) Colorful Ultra Fine 0.4mm Metal Clad Tips in 30 Individual Colors - Porous Point Marker - Perfect for Drawing & Adult Coloring Books for $19.99 (list price $49.99) Hynes Eagle Vintage Canvas Leather Backpack Rucksack (Coffee) for $39.99 (list price $169.99) Avery Heavy-Duty View Binder with 1.5 Inch One Touch EZD Ring, Black, 1 Binder (79695) for $6.99 (list price $8.29) Pentel Twist-Erase III Automatic Pencil with 2 Eraser Refills, 0.7mm, Assorted Barrels, 2 Pack (QE517BP2-K6) for $5.00 (list price $10.90) Elmer's Disappearing Purple School Glue Sticks, 0.24 Ounce Each, 60-Pack (E503) for $13.99 (list price $16.99) 3M Precise Mouse Pad with Gel Wrist Rest, Optical Mouse Performance, Battery Saving Design, Gel Comfort, Black (MW85B) for $16.99 (list price $30.38) U Brands Low Odor Magnetic Dry Erase Markers With Erasers, Chisel Tip, Assorted Colors, 4-Count for $4.99 (list price $13.35) Five Star Spiral Notebooks, 1 Subject, 100 College Ruled Sheets, Assorted Basic Colors, 6-Pack (38052) for $16.99 (list price $27.57) MEAD Wirebound Legal Pad, Wide Rule,70 Sheets, 8-1/2 x 11 Inches, Cyan (MEA59880) for $4.79 (list price $9.56) Post-it Super Sticky Notes, 3 in x 3 in, Assorted Colors, 15 Pads/Pack, 45 Sheets/Pad (654-15SSMULTI) for $10.00 (list price $16.45) Daniel Smith 001900501 Extra Fine Watercolor 66-Dot Try-It Card for $5.67 (list price $7.48) ZEBRA Z-Grip Retractable Ballpoint Pen, 1.0mm, Black Ink, 18 Pack (22218) for $4.99 (list price $10.94) OUTDOORS, GARDEN, AND SPORTS Perfect Pet Deshedding Brush - Best Pet Grooming Comb Tool for Cats & Dogs - For Long and Short Hair Breeds for $9.99 (list price $59.99) Cutter Lemon Eucalyptus Insect Repellent (Pump Spray) (HG-96014) for $4.88 (list price $7.99) Weber 7416 Rapidfire Chimney Starter for $14.99 Rain Bird 25PJDAC Brass Impact Sprinkler, Adjustable 0° to 360° Pattern, 20' - 41' Spray Distance for $16.97 (list price $18.09) Mosquito Killer Concentrate by Killer Green. Mosquito Killer Spray All Natural Non-Toxic (32 fl oz.) for $19.99 (list price $29.97) Weber 17106 Firespice Mesquite Wood Chunks, 5-Pound for $6.99 (list price $8.97) California Home Goods Marshmallow Roasting Fork Set, Chrome Plated, Multi-Colored, Set of 10 for $14.36 (list price $29.99) SE FS374 All-Weather Emergency 2-IN-1 Fire Starter & Magnesium Fuel Bar (Everything you need to start a fire!) for $5.45 (list price $6.99) Power Drive Ratchet Pruning Shears - Ideal Garden Hedge & Tree Clippers - Ratcheting Hand Secateurs and Tree Pruners Provide More Cutting Power Than Conventional Anvil Pruning Hand Tools and Garden Scissors for $19.95 (list price $33.95) Fiskars 384200-1001 Ergo Scratch Tool Garden Weeder for $4.47 (list price $5.59) Quik Shade Expedition EX64 10'x10' Instant Canopy for $75.99 (list price $109.99) Hydration Pack with 1.5 L Backpack Water Bladder. Fits Men and Women with Chest Sizes 27" - 50". Great for Hiking - Running - Biking - Kids for $26.95 (list price $49.99) The Perfect CampfireGrill Heavy-Duty Log Tweezers for $26.34 (list price $31.99) KT TAPE PRO Synthetic Elastic Kinesiology 20 Pre Cut Strips Therapeutic Tape, 10-Inch, Sonic Blue for $14.49 (list price $19.99) Repel 4263 Insect Repellent Stakes, 5 Count, Case Pack of 1 for $4.47 (list price $7.84) BlizeTec Oven Barbecue Gloves: Heat Resistant, Non-stick yet Waterproof (1 Pair) for $13.99 (list price $31.95) Black & Decker ST7700 13-Inch 4.4 amp Automatic Feed String Trimmer and Edger for $39.99 (list price $48.14) First Nature 3088 32-ounce Oriole Feeder for $8.55 (list price $13.99) Char-Broil SureFire Electric Charcoal Starter for $9.94 (list price $16.49) Black Flag 190255 Fogging Insecticide to Control Mosquitoes and Biting Flies Outdoors, 32-Ounce for $8.92 (list price $11.99) JNH Lifestyles 2-3 Person Corner Far Infrared Sauna, Latest Carbon Fiber Heaters for $1,275.59 (list price $2,499.00) Caravan Sports Infinity Zero Gravity Chair, Blue for $36.41 (list price $42.38) Char-Broil SureFire Electric Charcoal Starter for $9.94 (list price $16.49) ELECTRONICS Retro-Bit Retro Duo Twin Video Game System, Silver/Black for $38.50 (list price $59.99) Visioneer RoadWarrior Lite Document Scanner for PC and Mac for $47.51 (list price $129.99) Mini WiFi Projector, ELEGIANT 1200LM LED Multimedia Projector Built-in Speaker, Support 1080P HDMI/USB/SD/AV/VGA, Compatible with Home Cinema Theater TV Laptop Game SD iPad iPhone Android Smartphone for $99.99 (list price $166.65) Mini Wireless Camera, UOKOO 185 Degree HD WiFi Video Monitoring Surveillance Camera with Night Vision，Two Way Audio IP Camera-Baby Monitor 1101 for $69.99 (list price $99.99) Samsung UN48J5000 48-Inch 1080p LED TV (2015 Model) for $377.99 (list price $699.99) Apple MacBook MLHE2LL/A 12-Inch Laptop with Retina Display (Gold, 256 GB) NEWEST VERSION for $1,199.99 (list price $1,299.00) HAVIT HV-MS672 Ergonomic Wired Mouse, 2400 DPI, 7 Soothing LED Colors, 6 Buttons [ 2016 Model ] for $8.99 (list price $16.69) Belkin 6-Outlet Surge Protector with 6-Foot Power Cord (BSE600-06BLK-WM ) for $9.29 (list price $12.97) Anker CB310 Full-Size Ergonomic Wireless Keyboard and Mouse Combo for Desktop with Water-Resistant and whisper-quiet Keyboard Design for $33.99 (list price $69.99) Belkin 6-Outlet Pivot Wall Mount Surge Protector, BP106000 for $13.99 (list price $19.99) TP-Link OnHub AC1900 Wireless Wi-Fi Router - Google for $165.11 (list price $199.99) NETGEAR CM600 (24x8) Cable Modem DOCSIS 3.0 Certified for Comcast XFINITY, Time Warner Cable, Cox, Charter & more (CM600-100NAS) for $119.95 (list price $129.99) AmazonBasics RJ45 Cat-6 Ethernet Patch Cable - 5 Feet (1.5 Meters) for $4.76 (list price $5.99) Samsung BD-J5700 Curved Blu-ray Player with Wi-Fi (2015 Model) for $67.99 (list price $99.99) Wireless Router w/ WiFi Range Extender Mode (300 Mbps) by Medialink - Easy YouTube Setup Video (Part# MWNWAPR300N ) for $20.99 (list price $39.99) FlashForge 3d Printer Creator Pro, Metal Frame Structure, Acrylic Covers, Optimized Build Platform, Dual Extruder W/2 Spools, Works with ABS and PLA for $899.00 (list price $1,199.00) Honeywell RTH9580WF1005/W1 Wi-Fi Smart Touchscreen Thermostat, Silver, Works with Alexa (no hub required) for $169.99 (list price $206.99) Sylvania SDVD1332 13.3-Inch Swivel Screen Portable DVD Player with USB/SD Card Reader for $104.59 (list price $227.98) Singing Machine iSM1030BT Bluetooth Karaoke Pedestal for $176.39 (list price $199.99) Canon EOS Rebel T6 Digital SLR Camera Kit with EF-S 18-55mm and EF 75-300mm Zoom Lenses (Black) for $599.00 (list price $749.99) Canon EOS Rebel T6i Digital SLR with EF-S 18-55mm IS STM Lens - Wi-Fi Enabled for $749.00 (list price $899.00) TOOLS WdtPro 1600 Lumen led Flashlight Cree T6 Water Resistant Torch Adjustable Focus Zoom Tactical Light Lamp for Outdoor Powered by 1pcs 18650 Or 3pcs AAA Battery for $9.99 (list price $30.89) Superwinch 1135220 Terra 35 3500lbs/1591kg single line pull with roller fairlead, handlebar mnt toggle, handheld remote for $159.41 (list price $194.41) Dremel 8050-N/18 Micro Rotary Tool Kit with 18 Accessories for $79.99 (list price $84.60) Stanley 84-114 3 Piece Basic 6-Inch Slip Joint, 6-Inch Long Nose, and 6-Inch Diagonal Plier Set for $9.89 (list price $19.48) Black & Decker BDCD120VA 20V Lithium Drill/Driver Project Kit for $52.99 (list price $61.99) Feit Electric ESL40TN/D 40-Watt Compact Fluorescent High-Wattage Bulb, Daylight for $12.22 (list price $19.99) Cosco Shifter Multi-Position Heavy Duty Folding Hand Truck and Dolly for $49.00 (list price $79.99) DEWALT DW618PK 12-AMP 2-1/4 HP Plunge and Fixed-Base Variable-Speed Router Kit for $197.99 (list price $219.00) Stanley 28-140 1-1/4-Inch Nylon Handle Stiff Blade Putty Knife for $4.62 (list price $6.84) Chamberlain WD832KEV 1/2hp MYQ-Enabled Whisper Belt Drive Garage Door Opener for $185.20 (list price $248.00) Kidde KL-2S Two-Story Fire Escape Ladder with Anti-Slip Rungs, 13-Foot for $34.97 (list price $65.99) ARROW 160455 Drywall Drill Bit, Screw and Anchor Kit for $6.97 (list price $11.97) Solar Lights, URPOWER 2-in-1 Waterproof 4 LED Solar Spotlight Adjustable Wall Light Landscape Light Security Lighting Dark Sensing Auto On/Off for Patio Deck Yard Garden Driveway Pool Area(2 Pack) for $27.99 (list price $59.99) Eteckcity Motion Activated LED Night Light Flashlight Rechargeable Emergency Light with Dusk to Dawn Sensor (Pack of 2) for $28.69 (list price $39.99) Clicker Universal 2-Button Garage Door Remote KLIK1U by Chamberlain for $24.63 (list price $26.11) Freeman P4FRFNCB Framing/Finishing Combo Nail Gun Kit with Canvas Bag, 4-Piece for $198.00 (list price $229.00) UL Listed- Single/Double Face LED Combo Emergency EXIT Sign with 2 Head Lights and Back Up Batteries- US Standard Red Letter Emergency Exit Light for $34.99 (list price $49.99) Damaged Screw Remover and Extractor Set by SKmoon, Easily Remove Stripped or Damaged Screws. Made From H.S.S. 4341#, the Hardness Is 62-63hrc, Set of 4 Stripped Screw Removers for $11.66 (list price $39.99) DEWALT DWST17808 TSTAK I Long Handle Toolbox Organizer for $22.49 (list price $42.00) IRWIN VISE-GRIP Max Leverage Diagonal Cutting Pliers with Powerslot, 8" (1902413) for $29.99 (list price $61.06) Stanley 85-610 10-Inch Long MaxGrip Locking Adjustable Wrench for $11.88 (list price $23.60) TEKTON 2905 3/8-Inch Drive Manual Hand Impact Driver Set, 7-Piece for $13.83 (list price $17.99) Purelux Tulip Single Handle Contemporary Design Arc Pull Down Kitchen Sink Faucet With Escutcheon, 3 Spray Pull Out cUPC NSF AB 1953 Lead Free Certified, Brushed Nickel for $94.00 (list price $199.00) TEKTON 15356 1/2-Inch Drive by 24-Inch Breaker Bar for $21.20 (list price $24.99) WORKPRO W124003A 276-piece Rotary Tool Accessories Kit Universal Fitment for Easy Cutting, Carving and Polishing for $17.99 (list price $29.99) More from mental_floss...  The Original "Mahna Mahna"  20 Songs You Might Not Know Were Covers  15 Famous People Who Used to Teach  Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Animaniacs September 3, 2016 - 11:00am Share . POPULAR ON mental_floss Viewed Past: 1 day 1 week 1 month 1 year POPULAR ON mental_floss How One Line of Text Nearly Killed 'Toy Story 2' The Murder of Rasputin: The 100th Anniversary of a Mystery That Won't Die No, Scientists Have Not Found a ‘New Organ’ POPULAR ON mental_floss 54 Fantastic Facts for National Trivia Day Where Your Favorite British TV Shows Take Place, Mapped Infographic: Signs You Should Not Accept that Job Offer POPULAR ON mental_floss Why Can’t You Buy Dippin’ Dots in Grocery Stores? 6 Bizarre Sharks That Live in the Deep Ocean “Mirrors With Memories”: Why Did Victorians Take Pictures of Dead People? POPULAR ON mental_floss 10 Clever Moments of TV Foreshadowing You Might Have Missed There Are Now Only Two Living Members of the Shaker Faith The Map With Only 38 States POPULAR ON mental_floss 12 Behind-the-Scenes Secrets of Pharmacists 11 Gay Book Characters Turned Straight for the Movie Version 13 Behind-the-Scenes Secrets of Tattoo Artists POPULAR ON mental_floss 10 Shocking Secrets of Flight Attendants ‘Aladdin’ Director Confirms Long-Held Fan Theory 25 Things Turning 25 in 2017 NEWSLETTER A super-skimmable daily digest. Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Subscribe To Our Newsletter A super-skimmable Daily Digest filled with fun stories from our editors. About Privacy Authors RSS Terms Contact Customer Service Store ©2016 Mental Floss, Inc. All rights reserved. Mental Floss® is a registered trademark owned by Felix Dennis. mentalfloss.com is a trademark owned by Felix Dennis.
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu WATCH WHAT YOU SAY When it comes to a crisis, Apple will fight back hard—unless people question its products Written by Oliver Staley Obsession Messaging September 03, 2016 "I got this." (Reuters/Robert Galbraith) Share Written by Oliver Staley Obsession Messaging September 03, 2016 When the European Union accused Apple of owing $14.5 billion in taxes via its Irish subsidiary on Aug. 30, the company’s response was muscular and defiant. CEO Tim Cook immediately fired off a letter, carefully explaining Apple’s history in Ireland, and calling the EU’s claim wrongheaded. “This claim has no basis in fact or in law,” he wrote, vowing to appeal. Similarly, when the FBI demanded Apple create software to unlock an iPhone in a terrorism investigation earlier this year, Cook also wrote a letter, calling it a dangerous precedent. “The implications of the government’s demands are chilling,” Cook wrote. Apple’s response to those threats is markedly different from how it handles attacks to the integrity of its products. For example, when Apple Maps—unveiled in 2012—was quickly revealed to be a disaster, Cook issued a groveling letter to its customers. He even recommended downloading the mapping apps of competitors until Apple got its act together. In 2010, when customers complained the antenna of the iPhone 4 wasn’t working properly, then-CEO Steve Jobs initially dismissed their concerns before conceding there was in, in fact a problem and offering customers free iPhone cases (paywall) to make it right. Apple’s two approaches are straight out a public-relations playbook, which calls for different responses for different crises. Threats or scandals that customers can easily understand, and that are core to the company’s business, need to be addressed head on, and in a way that shows maximum concern for the customer. The classic example of this is Johnson & Johnson’s recall of 31 million bottles of Tylenol in 1982, after cyanide was found in some pills. The decision cost the company $100 million, but bought it decades of consumer trust. But when a scandal doesn’t touch the customer, or when the subject is either esoteric or unsurprising (or both), the company has more options, according to marketing professor Alice Tybout, in an article for the Harvard Business Review. A company can ignore it, down play it or, in the case of Apple and its taxes, try to take the moral high ground. Multi-national tax issues are confusing, the accusations don’t impact Apple users, and it’s unlikely that many people are surprised that the company got tangled in the rules. Cook’s decision to come out guns blazing in the tax case, and against the FBI, may actually help burnish the company’s image as a rebel against conventional thinking. But when customers start to doubt the quality of Apple’s devices, it’s an entirely different matter. Apple charges $600 for a phone and implicit in its cost is the promise of an innovative and high quality product. If they question the value of those products, Apple faces a real crisis. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close Technology sector The Observer Europe, Apple, and the money burning a hole in Silicon Valley’s wallet Corporate America holds a startling $1.2 trillion offshore – or it did until Brussels intervened last week. At long last, will that cash be going home? Tim Cook explains the Apple Pay contactless payment system. Photograph: Stephen Lam/Reuters Simon Bowers @sbowers00 Saturday 3 September 2016 11.00 EDT Last modified on Sunday 4 September 2016 04.48 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Three years ago, Apple boss Tim Cook was emphatic. Appearing before a US senate committee, the man who runs the world’s largest company told the politicians straight: Apple had no intention of repatriating billions of dollars of profits from its international operations until the US Treasury slashed corporate taxation. “I have no current plan to bring them back at the current tax rate,” Cook said. It was a response – one of many – that rankled with the committee’s chair, Carl Levin. Leaning forward, the tough septuagenarian senator from Michigan glared at Cook over the top of his glasses: “It is not your intent to bring them home unless we reduce our tax rates? Is that correct?” Cook repeated: “I have no current plan to do so at the current tax rates.” It was a charged exchange that laid bare the impasse between corporate America and Washington. At that time, Apple had amassed about $100bn in cash – income from its foreign operations – all of which was being carefully held outside America, beyond the reach of the US tax authorities. Since then, every three months, Apple has given Wall Street an update on the size of this cash pile, and each time the figure has grown by several billion. At last count, six weeks ago, the figure stood at $215bn (£162bn). If Apple were to bring that money back to the US, however, it would be taxed at about 40%, one of the highest tax rates in the world. “Apple serves its shareholders by keeping these funds overseas,” the Californian technology firm told the senators. By using a long-standing loophole in the tax code, Apple, in common with many other multinationals, can continually defer US taxes on these offshore earnings for as long as they are kept outside America. This is a quirk of US law that has had a dramatic, and increasingly unsustainable, impact on the corporate world. It has meant that many of the richest firms in the US are amassing huge, untaxed offshore cash piles. In recent, years that trend has been accelerated by America’s booming leading tech firms and their worldwide success. According to ratings agency Moody’s, US companies, excluding banks, had an estimated $1.2 trillion in cash overseas at the end of last year. Just over half of that sum – $630bn – is estimated to be held by Apple and other tech companies, among them Silicon Valley firms Microsoft ($96bn), Cisco ($57bn), Google ($43bn) and Oracle ($45bn). Barack Obama promised he would get corporate America to bring profits home, as have both the Republican and Democrat candidates vying to succeed him. Quite how to do so, however, has divided Washington for decades. And if the result has been intransigence, few have complained very loudly. The impasse has suited corporate America well, allowing its biggest international businesses to enjoy years of ultra-low tax bills. Last week, however, the dramatic intervention of Europe’s competition commissioner Margrethe Vestager appeared to steal the reform initiative from Washington. In a decision that for many years tax experts would have thought unthinkable, she ruled that a significant slice of Apple’s offshore wealth had been illegally won. The iPhone maker, Vestager found, had been benefiting from a sweetheart tax deal agreed behind closed doors with Ireland a quarter of a century ago. That deal had resulted in Apple avoiding €13bn in taxes over 10 years, she said: those back taxes, plus interest, would have to be repaid. Cook was furious. He insisted that the income had already been taxed in Europe. “The commission is now calling to retroactively change those rules,” he protested last Tuesday. Two days later he was still raging — calling Vestager’s decision “invalid” and “crap” — but he also had a surprise announcement. During an interview on Irish radio, he started talking about repatriating cash held overseas and paying US tax. “Right now, I would forecast that we repatriate next year,” he said. “We [have] provisioned several billion for the US for payment [of tax bills] as soon as we repatriate.” There has been no further elaboration, but it is a marked change in tone from Cook, who now needs all the support he can muster from allies on Capitol Hill. Hints that Apple might be more willing to pay tax in America might be just the kind of message US politicians wanted to hear. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Margrethe Vestager: demanding €13bn in back taxes from Apple in Ireland. Photograph: John Thys/AFP/Getty Images The Apple boss certainly has friends in high places. Recent months have seen him host fundraising events for both Democratic presidential candidate Hilary Clinton and Republican house speaker Paul Ryan. For all that, however, few US politicians have come out fighting hard to defend Apple’s Irish tax arrangements. There have some generalised warnings from US Treasury secretary Jack Lew that the commission’s move could have a “chilling effect on US-EU cross-border investment” and that Washington would have to “consider potential responses”. But as global leaders gather in Hangzhou, China, on Sunday for the latest G20 summit, there are little signs of Apple’s €13bn back-taxes penalty causing a full-blown crisis. Behind the scenes, dissatisfaction over corporate America and its untaxed offshore cash is growing. Politicians may not yet have figured out what they intend to do about this issue, but the last 18 months have provided a few stark reminders that there is a lot at stake. Last November, many in Washington were surprised to see Pfizer, one of America’s largest drug makers, unveiling plans for a record-breaking $160bn deal – a so-called “tax inversion” transaction which would see it merge with a smaller, foreign rival and shift its headquarters outside the US. The Pfizer bid was just the latest, and largest, in a wave of such inversion deals. Such transactions are designed to allow multinationals greater freedom to use their swollen cash reserves without triggering US tax bills. In the end, however, the Obama administration moved quickly enough to introduce tougher rules to discourage inversion deals, thwarting Pfizer’s plans. But it was yet another wake-up call: corporate America’s untaxed offshore cash pile was a problem that needed fixing. Most tax reform experts concede Apple’s Irish tax arrangements are hard to defend as fair. Pascal Saint-Amans, head of tax at the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), who last year secured unprecedented agreement on reforms to tackle tax avoidance, is among the critics. “The Apple case is a great illustration of the most aggressive tax planning that is out there… [It produced] massive profits that ended up going taxed nowhere. It is precisely because of these types of schemes that the G20 asked us to start looking at major tax reforms [three years ago].” It is the OECD’s work on tax reform that prompted Ireland to finally close loopholes that allowed Apple and other multinationals to use “non-tax-resident” Irish companies to receive billions of dollars in income that then went untaxed. As a result, Apple unwound its use of such arrangements last year. It now remains to be seen whether Vestager demonstrates an appetite for going after further large sums from cash-rich US corporations that have used aggressive tax structures in Europe. She already has two suspected sweetheart deals in her sights — separate tax rulings granted by Luxembourg to McDonald’s and Amazon. And she has not ruled out adding more. Whatever the outcome, however, Washington and Wall Street have woken up to the possibility that if America is unwilling to tax the ballooning offshore cash mountains of its leading companies, others are now emboldened to do so. More features Topics Technology sector Apple Computing Corporate governance European commission More… European Union Ireland Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments more on this story Management could be prosecuted for failure to prevent fraud by staff Attorney general proposes expanding ‘white-collar crime’ laws to include money laundering and false accounting by employees Published: 12 Sep 2016 Management could be prosecuted for failure to prevent fraud by staff Google pays €47m in tax in Ireland on €22bn sales revenue Company filings in Dublin show taxable profits of €341m after global tech giant recorded administrative expenses at €16.9bn Published: 4 Nov 2016 Google pays €47m in tax in Ireland on €22bn sales revenue Ireland may not get Apple's €13bn back taxes in full, EU says Tech firm can could cut payments to Dublin if other member states demand a slice or it pays more to US parent company Published: 19 Dec 2016 Ireland may not get Apple's €13bn back taxes in full, EU says Irish finance minister stands firm on Apple tax deal in budget speech Michael Noonan pledge that Ireland’s 12.5% corporate tax rate ‘will not be change’ goes down well in Cork, home to Apple’s HQ Published: 11 Oct 2016 Irish finance minister stands firm on Apple tax deal in budget speech Apple tax ruling not an attack on US, says European commission chief Published: 4 Sep 2016 Apple tax ruling not an attack on US, says European commission chief Why don’t bankers go to jail? You asked Google – here’s the answer Jill Treanor Published: 7 Sep 2016 Why don’t bankers go to jail? You asked Google – here’s the answer Apple tax ruling must be overturned, says US business group Published: 16 Sep 2016 Apple tax ruling must be overturned, says US business group The Observer view on global reform of corporate tax Published: 3 Sep 2016 The Observer view on global reform of corporate tax More more on this story most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Business › Technology sector Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Apple’s iPhone 7 event expected to debut new Beats headphones Adam Westlake - Sep 3, 2016 3 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Apple has a press event scheduled for this upcoming Wednesday, and there’s no doubt that we’ll finally, once and for all, get to see the new iPhone 7. It’s also very likely we’ll see EarPod headphones in the form of Lightning connector-equipped models, and possibly a wireless version. What wasn’t so expected was new products from Apple’s headphone brand Beats, but according to a new leak, it looks like they’ll be up on the stage too. Surprisingly, the leak comes Apple’s own PR team. The French website iGeneration actually received an email from Beats PR that stated new headphone models from the brand would be unveiled on September 7th, alongside the iPhone 7. An image of the email was also published, but the site was asked by Beats to remove it, all but confirming its authenticity. There’s no word on what new types of headphones we might see from Beats on Wednesday. However, since the company already has wireless Bluetooth versions of several of its higher-end on/over-ear headphone models, it seems likely the in-ear/earbud styles could go wireless, or there will be wired versions with Lightning connectors instead of the standard 3.5mm headphone jacks. With the iPhone 7 long-expected to drop the traditional headphone port, the most common prediction is that the Apple headphones included in the box will remain wired but with a Lightning connector. Also rumored is a pair of wireless earbuds from Apple featuring the name “AirPods,” but those will be sold separately due to their higher price tag. This new Beats leak seems to guarantee we’ll at least be seeing a variety of new headphones announced with the iPhone 7, but we’ll have to wait until Wednesday for the full lineup. SOURCE iGeneration Story Timeline Apple's iPhone 7-compatible wireless headphones tipped to feature custom Bluetooth chip Apple's Lightning EarPods revealed in second video iPhone 7 second speaker reportedly fake: Symmetry not stereo Apple iPhone 7 September 7 event official Apple 'AirPods' Eurasian certification issued Tags AppleaudioBeats ElectronicsheadphonesiPhone 7leak Must Read Bits & Bytes NVIDIA SPOT hands-on: this is SHIELD’s smart home Razer Project Ariana hands-on at CES 2017: gaming room lighting gets wacky Nissan debuts Seamless Autonomous Mobility system based on NASA tech New NVIDIA SHIELD TV hands-on at CES 2017: all about that controller iOS App Store kicks off 2017 with record-setting New Year’s Day Latest Headlines Grillbot Pro debuts with Bluetooth 4.0 and grill cleaning cartridge Jan 6, 2017 Mercedes-Benz and NVIDIA strike partnership to make an AI-powered car Jan 6, 2017 Riddell Precision-Fit tech uses 3D scanning for custom football helmets Jan 6, 2017 Audio-Technica unleashes new line of high-res earbuds and headphones Jan 6, 2017 Velocity Micro desktops updated with 7th-gen Intel Core processors Jan 6, 2017 Latest Reviews The McLaren 570S is my favorite car of 2016 Dec 30, 2016 2017 Hyundai Santa Fe Review: Affordable SUV more than matches its 7 passenger peers Dec 28, 2016 2016 BMW 330e Review: The secret plug-in hybrid Dec 26, 2016 2017 Infiniti Q60 Red Sport 400 Review Dec 26, 2016 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro review: Google Tango has landed Dec 21, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Tech The Apple Store is now just called Apple New, 127 comments It's a store, but not a Store, you see by Chris Welch Aug 19, 2016, 12:41pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Apple is simplifying the branding of its retail chain by completely getting rid of the "Store" part of Apple Store. From now on, the company's stores will simply go by "Apple" followed by the location of that specific store. For example, only a couple days ago, Apple opened the doors to Apple World Trade Center — not Apple Store, World Trade Center — inside the stunning Oculus / Westfield Mall in lower Manhattan. This is the 10th Apple store in New York City alone. One thing that's not changing: the employees still welcome in the first shoppers with thunderous applause and hand them free t-shirts marking the store's opening. The first shoppers are welcomed into Apple World Trade Center on August 16th, 2016. Yes, this is a very Apple thing to do. Silly? Just a little bit, sure. But Apple would argue that it's not quite change for the sake of change. Beginning with Apple Union Square (which we toured in May), the company has set out to reframe its retail locations as more than the place you go to buy an iPad or Mac. Now, the stores feature gigantic 6K video screens, lush greenery, and some have ditched the traditional Genius Bar setup in favor of giving customers an area to just sit down and hang out. If that's the sort of thing you'd ever want to do at the Apple Store store. Apple's newest stores feature sections where customers can simply... sit. It's a move spearheaded by Angela Ahrendts, Apple's senior VP of retail. "The store becomes one with the community," she said at the unveiling of Apple Union Square. According to MacRumors, Apple has emailed its retail staff with confirmation that "Apple Store" is no more. The rebranding is already reflected on every website for Apple's various stores, though the change may take slightly longer to completely roll out in-store. Aside from being positioned as more of a community hub, Apple stores are quickly taking on a more boutique feel, with fancy headphone setups and "avenue" displays that will change on a seasonal basis to showcase different products; currently they're focused on iPhone photography accessories. Everything you expect from the Apple store (see? lowercase) remains, but Apple is changing up the feel — and name — to keep that foot traffic high day in and day out. The first two Apple Store locations opened on May 19th, 2001. iOS 10 public beta first look Via: MacRumors More From The Verge The Verge: 2016 Yearbook The best games for your new PC or Mac The 15 best movies of 2016 Behind the scenes at Faraday Future, an electric carmaker on the brink of collapse The Verge 2016 tech report card: Facebook The best apps you didn’t know you needed for your new Android phone Now Trending This is Apple’s click wheel iPhone prototype Microsoft’s Windows 10 design refresh revealed in leaked screenshots Displays are the secret superstars of CES How much can police find out from a murderer’s Echo? Ugly gaming PCs are our own fault This Article has a component height of 19. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Circuit Breaker CES 2017 News Hands-on The Icaros is like VR skydiving crossed with planking by Adi Robertson@thedextriarchy “Have we seen the Icaros?” I asked my editor Thomas Ricker on Slack this morning. “It's like a weird VR flying frame.” “We did something. Not sure it was this,” he said. There was a time when VR peripherals were so singular that each one opened up... CES 2017 News Tech Gadgets In another sign it’s making a smartwatch, Fitbit plans to launch its own app store this year by Lauren Goode@LaurenGoode And the CEO wants to make his own apps New, 0 comments Circuit Breaker CES 2017 News Microsoft This Dell 2-in-1 laptop can wirelessly charge through its keyboard by Nick Statt@nickstatt Wireless charging remains an elusive concept. It pops up here and there, often for mobile devices using special cases, and yet many solutions are painfully incomplete or too cumbersome for consumers to care. The Dell Latitude 7285, a new 2-in-1... New, 1 comment Entertainment TV Film Deadpool's Golden Globe nominations are just the cherry on top for Fox by Kwame Opam@kwameopam The Golden Globes are this Sunday, meaning mainstream audiences will be getting their first look at what movies and TV shows the Hollywood Foreign Press thinks mattered the most in 2016. You have your usual fare, of course: awards-baiting dramas... New, 0 comments US & World Tech Politics US releases declassified report on Russian hacking by Colin Lecher@colinlecher Russia had a "clear preference" for Trump Circuit Breaker CES 2017 News Microsoft The creative renaissance of the all-in-one PC by Nick Statt@nickstatt The PC’s innovative spirit lives on the Windows desktop New, 28 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! An Apple a Day: Get Ready for a New iPhone – Fortune Posted on September 3, 2016 by Fortune The last several days were supposed to be filled with anticipation for Apple. Instead, they were filled with worry and trouble that could have a profound impact on the company’s future. Apple AAPL kicked off this past week in grand fashion by … Trending in Apple What to expect at Apple’s iPhone 7 & Apple Watch 2 event next week9 to 5 Mac Apple iPhone 7 Rumors: Specs, Features, Price And Everything We Know So FarTech Times Switching to Wireless Headphones? Here Are 13 Great OptionsWIRED The Verge -CNET -BGR -AppleInsider (press release) (blog) all 638 news articles …read more wrote 24400 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Hey Alexa, what are your competitors doing? – PCWorld Apple CEO Tim Cook’s pay slumps along with iPhone sales – Washington Post Android Circuit: Galaxy S8 Launch Date Leaks, Galaxy Note Returns, Fixing Google Pixel Problems – Forbes Amazon’s Alexa moves in on Google’s Android system – Reuters Hacker Successfully Adds More Games To NES Classic Edition – Gameranx (blog) Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple is facing a crisis of salesmanship Matt Weinberger Sep. 3, 2016, 10:18 AM 21,010 facebook linkedin twitter email print AP Apple haters have always made the case that the company's massive success is as much the product of marketing and salesmanship as it is any kind of technical innovation. Maybe they're right. Whatever else Apple cofounder Steve Jobs was, he was the consummate salesman. Maybe the original iPhone could have sold itself back in 2007, but Jobs' legendary introductory event definitely helped. But the world has changed. As smartphone innovation seems to have plateaued, the tech giants of the world, notably Google, Microsoft, and Facebook, have doubled down on machine learning and artificial intelligence — the trendy technology that's making for smarter, more personalized apps and devices. It's a big, necessary step for the industry. Thanks to smartphones, tablets, smart TVs, home voice assistants like the Amazon Echo, and all our other kinds of gadgetry, we're generating more data than ever before. The promise of artificial intelligence is a way to sift through the noise and always find exactly what we need, when we need it, on whichever device we're using. This means that Tim Cook's Apple is facing a unique and unprecedented marketing challenge as it heads into Wednesday's much-anticipated iPhone 7 launch event, where the company is expected to announce a new phone that's only a minor improvement to the existing iPhone 6S.  Apple With the hardware unexciting at best, that means that the onus will be on Apple to prove that the iPhone is differentiated from Google's ever-improving Android elsewhere. Namely, it must prove the upcoming iOS 10 operating system has game with the new machine learning trend and it will bring intelligence to the whole iPhone. How do you sell customers on something they don't even know they're using? Perhaps more importantly, how do you do it when the world is convinced that Apple is far behind the rest of the market? With Google nipping at Apple's heels with each new Android release, these questions are only growing in urgency. Media blitz For Apple, the peril is twofold. First, Wall Street is afraid that we've reached peak iPhone sales, and it's all downhill from here. Second, customers and analysts alike are concerned that after years of same-same iPhone releases and the failure of new products like the Apple Watch and iPad Pro to light the market ablaze, Apple's ability to innovate has peaked, too. That's why Apple's PR machine spent much of August in overdrive, with top company execs including Tim Cook, Eddy Cue, and Phil Schiller giving interviews to Fast Company, The Washington Post, and Backchannel. In each interview, the content may have varied, but the message was always the same: If you think Apple's glory days are behind it, think again. The coded message is: Apple is not behind in new technologies like machine learning. Apple CEO Tim CookREUTERS/Stephen Lam Instead, Apple execs explained to Steven Levy at Backchannel that there is indeed an "Apple brain" on every iPhone and iPad that learns from user behavior. Apple sees it as part of that overall, signature Apple-just-works experience, rather than a total revolution. "It’s a technique that will ultimately be a very Apple way of doing things as it evolves inside Apple and in the ways we make products.” Apple Senior VP Phil Schiller told Steven Levy at Backchannel. Again, to decode that message for Apple's investors and customers: We're ahead of the curve on machine learning, but even if we weren't, it would be okay, because we're still Apple, and we still build the best stuff. The Siri solution In a way, Apple is right on track. Investors and your average consumers don't care so much about the technology that goes on behind the scenes, so much as they like new, shiny experiences. It's as true for Apple as it is for Microsoft, Google, Facebook, Amazon, or anybody else, really. But that just underscores the struggle of selling the stuff that machine learning makes possible. Many of the coolest things it enables, from a technical standpoint  — better app recommendations, facial recognition in photos, speech recognition, fraud prevention and security — are nifty and useful, but also the kind of things you tend to only ever notice when it doesn't work. Apple Which is why you've heard so much from Apple about the Siri voice assistant and the new smarts that she's getting in iOS 10. It's something Apple can't hammer on hard enough: This is the proof that we're not behind in machine learning. This is the thing you can use every day to make your life better. It remains to be seen if the souped-up Siri will be enough to reverse user behavior, given that surveys have found that 70% of iPhone users use her only sometimes or rarely.  Ultimately, though, it doesn't matter if she wins the world over or not. Siri, with her new smarts, becomes what's essentially a mascot for the so-called Apple Brain, more so than she already is. She's the most tangible example of what machine learning can do, even if she's not necessarily the best or most useful. Amazon The exact same factors are going into Microsoft's Cortana, Amazon's Alexa, and the forthcoming Google Assistant, too. So don't be surprised if Apple starts talking up Siri as better than all other smart assistants. And don't be surprised if Microsoft, Google, and Amazon all fire back. Because really, what they're trying to prove is who's the most intelligent, artificial or otherwise. EXCLUSIVE FREE REPORT: 25 Big Tech Predictions by BI Intelligence. Get the Report Now » SEE ALSO: The end of Nest as we know it is a sign of a new beginning for Android NOW WATCH: The iPhone 7 is hitting stores on September 23 — here's what you're getting Loading video... More: Apple iPhone iPhone 7 Tim Cook iOS 10 Apple Siri facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple is facing a crisis of salesmanship Apple is facing a crisis of salesmanship Apple haters have always made the case that the... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » Keep tabs on the latest from Business Insider in our new Chrome Extension More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus: Specifications, features and everything you need to know Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus: Specifications, features and everything you need to know Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus have been launched. Here are the detailed specifications, features of the two devices. By: Tech Desk | Updated: September 8, 2016 7:12 pm Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus now come with redesigned antenna lines and an upgraded camera (Source: AP) Apple has officially announced iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus at a special event in San Francisco, California. Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus basically stayed true to their rumours with a design similar to the existing iPhone 6 series and they also drop the headphone jack. Apple didn’t announce anything that we haven’t already heard from KGI securities’ Ming-Chi Kuo, but Apple CEO Tim Cook did demo carpool karaoke as a cool quotient. iPhone 7, 7 Plus: Apple iPhone 7 is the name for newly iPhone series. Yes, it is not called iPhone 6SE or iPhone 2016 but iPhone 7 minus the shenanigans of new design. Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus now comes in two new black colour options and design is extremely similar to iPhone 6 series with streamlined antenna design and perfect aluminium bonding. iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus Specifications: Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus both feature same 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch displays like its predecessors but the displays are 25 per cent brighter and support wide colour gamut for natural and vivid colour reproduction. Apple iPhone 7 series is powered by 64-bit quad-core A10 Fusion chipset, which the company claims to be 40x faster than the A9 chip found on iPhone 6s. Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus also come with updated GPU for better gaming performance. Apple is also promising two hours more battery life on the new iPhones compared to the 6s series, though it has not specified what the the battery size will be. iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus Features: Apple iPhone 7 comes with reengineered home button that offers haptic feedback every time the user clicks on home button. The haptic feedback similar to the force touch trackpad seen on latest Macs. Apple is also discarding the 3.5mm headphone jack in favour of the Lightning connector EarPods. Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are now waterproof with IP67 rating. Click here: Will the iPhone 7 be cheaper in India this time? The biggest feature update, however, comes in the camera department. Apple iPhone 7 now comes with an updated 12MP iSight camera with wider f/1.8 aperture and optical image stabilisation. The iPhone 7 Plus gets dual rear camera setup with one sensor for wide-angle and another one for telephoto. Each sensor, here is capable of capturing its own pixels to produce a brighter image with more detail. Apple iPhone 7 Plus also supports 2x optical zoom and 10x digital zoom. The Portrait feature in iPhone 7 Plus will let users create pictures with a shallow depth of field, although Apple said this will be part of a software update rolled out to the devices later on. Apple has also bumped up the front camera to make it 7MP for better selfies. Apple iPhone 7, 7 Plus storage options are 32, 128 and 256GB, as the company has ended the 16GB and the 64GB options. Given the improved camera capabilities, the extra camera space will no doubt be a good idea for users. Apple iPhone 7 starts at Rs 60,000 for 32GB version in India and sales begin from October 7. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Best of Express Model Code of Conduct: EC asks Govt to respond to Opposition's Budget delay demand EntertainmentOm Puri passes away after a massive heart attack, funeral at 6 pm EntertainmentDangal box office collection day 15: Aamir Khan film sets new benchmarks for industry EntertainmentSwami Om out of Bigg Boss 10 for peeing on contestants. But this is not a first on the show EntertainmentBigg Boss 10: Swami Om calls Salman Khan ISI agent, anti-national Must Read SportsKohli named captain; Yuvraj, Raina back in India squad SportsCan Yuvraj, 35, withstand rigours of ODI, T20I series? SportsRuns, tons, sixes: Pant finds a place in T20I squad TechnologySamsung Galaxy S8 design revealed as first alleged photo surfaces TechnologyCES 2017: Huawei introduces Mate 9 at $599 with Amazon Alexa integration TechnologyGoogle's Sundar Pichai to IIT-KGP students: Education needs to go beyond books LifestyleSavour home-cooked food by grandmas from around the world at this Italian eatery! Jan 07: Latest News Odisha villagers punish teacher for ‘harassing’ student Gujarat: Fearing attacks, minor rape victim’s family flees village PIOs seek more time for demonetised currency exchange Girl ‘stalked, molested’ in Bengaluru Model code of conduct: EC asks Govt to respond to Opposition’s Budget delay demand                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Apple > iWorld > iPhone FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Anti-Keylogger Premium      30% OFF! Last-Minute iPhone 7 Leak Reveals Waterproofing, Exciting Hardware Upgrades GO Analyst claims Apple planning more than just a dull upgrade Sep 3, 2016 13:52 GMT  ·  By Bogdan Popa  ·  Share:  The iPhone 7 will be revealed on Wednesday as part of an official Apple conference that we’ve been expecting for months, and although many believed that the new model would be just a dull upgrade of the existing 6s lineup, it turns out that this is not at all the case. The previous leaks pointed to a design that would be super similar to the 6s series while hardware upgrades were modest, with the dual-camera system rumored to be installed on the Plus model said to be the big star of the show. But according to KGI analysts, there’s so much more than that. iPhone 7 design First and foremost, the iPhone 7 will indeed be similar to the 6s lineup in terms of design, with the only notable differences being the antenna lines moved to the top and bottom edges of the phone and the new cameras - single-lens camera with a bigger cutout on the iPhone 7 and dual cameras on the Plus. This means that, despite the similar design, you won’t be able to use your iPhone 6s case with the new model. And according to the new report, Apple is also making changes to the color lineup. The Space Grey version that’s super popular these days (probably the best-selling version so far) will be discontinued, but Apple will instead add two new case colors, namely Dark Black and Piano Black. The latter is very likely to be glossy and could be offered only on top-of-the-range iPhones. So the upcoming iPhone lineup will be available in 5 different colors, namely Silver, Gold, Rose Gold, Dark Black, and Piano Black. The last two are expected to be the most popular. The bottom part of the iPhone will also be different, as Apple is removing the headphone jack and goes all-in on its Lightning connector. The 3.5mm port will be replaced with a secondary speaker grille, but it won’t make the iPhone 7 stereo, with Apple planning to use the extra space inside to improve Force Touch. Each iPhone 7 will ship with new Lightning EarPods but also with a Lightning to 3.5 mm adapter, so you’ll still be able to use your existing headphones with the device. And now let’s take the step to hardware. iPhone 7 hardware Speaking of the removal of the headphone jack, this will happen not to make the iPhone thinner, as it was rumored originally, but to improve the Force Touch recognition system. It’s not yet clear how exactly Apple wants to do that, but the analysts claim that there’ll be a new sensor whose purpose will be to improve the user experience. The new sensor will be placed next to a new internal amplifier that’ll boost sound output, so the iPhone will be louder, making it more appropriate for watching movies or listening to music without headphones. The iPhone 7 display will also be substantially improved, as Apple is looking at the iPad Pro for ways to make the screen better, so it’ll support wide-color imagery too and make photos that you shoot with the iPhone 7 camera look brighter and sharper. Both the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus will get these improvements, but display sizes will remain the same as on the current generation - 4.7 inches for the former and 5.5 inches for the latter. No OLED this year, though, and the transition to the new tech is still on the table for the 2017 model, so the iPhone 7 will still feature LCD. It’s not a surprise that the CPU is getting an upgrade too, but what’s more important is that Apple is aiming for super performance with the new A10 chips. According to the report, the iPhone 7’s chip should offer a maximum clock speed of 2.4 GHz, which is quite a major increase over the current generation’s 1.84 GHz. A better CPU would be slowed down without a proper amount of RAM, so the Plus will come with 3GB while the standard model will feature 2GB. This information leaked earlier this year, with pundits saying that the Plus is getting the upgrade because it needs more processing power for photos shot with the new dual-camera system. And speaking of the new cameras, the Plus will come with 2 different 12-megapixel units. Apple is planning to use one wide-angle camera and a telephoto camera to support optical zoom and light field camera applications, while the extra features include OIS and a 6P lens. A new flash will be offered too with the iPhone 7 Plus to include four LEDs, two cool and two warm. As for storage, the analysts confirm what we’ve known for a while. The 16 and 64 GB versions are going dark, so the entry-level iPhone will boast 32 GB of storage space. There’ll be a new high-end version with 256 GB storage and very likely to be offered in Piano Black. Of course, no microSD card support will be available. In terms of extra functionality, Apple has spent a lot of time making the iPhone 7 water-resistant, so the new model will have the IPX7 rating, and it will thus come in line with the Apple Watch. This means that it should be able to withstand being drowned in water up to 1 meter for 30 minutes. And last but not least, Cupertino is also working on some new features, including hand gesture support, which could be possible thanks to a new proximity sensor upgrade. So far, we’ve seen no hints of such features in iOS 10, so it remains to be seen if Apple’s ready to launch them in the iPhone 7 or the company is just trying to pave the way for the next model coming in 2017. Analysts expect Apple to sell 65 million iPhone 7 units this year alone, a significant drop as compared to the 82 million units that the company wanted to ship in 2015, when it launched the 6s. Suppliers are partly to blame for the decline, as production was slowed down because of the changes that Apple is making on the device, including waterproofing. #Apple#iPhone 7#iPhone subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Apple Starts the App War, Will Remove Outdated Titles from the Store Fake iPhone 7 Videos Flooding the Internet Ahead of Public Launch Forget the Apple Watch, Here Comes the iWatch Leaks “Confirm” 32GB, 256GB iPhone 7 Nokia E1 Could Be Unveiled at MWC 2017 Alongside Nokia D1, Here Are Its Specs 2015 VPN Android Bug Still There in Nougat (And It’s Pushing Users to iPhones) KillDisk System Destructive Malware Now Targeting Linux FBI Hack Most Likely a Hoax, CMS Maker Says Google Assistant on Pixel Phones to Get Support for Keyboard Input Galaxy S7 edge Blue Coral Variant to Land in Europe Soon Samsung Galaxy C5 Pro Allegedly Leaks in Live Blurry Image Google Calendar for Android and iOS Integrated with Fitness Goals    This is the dual-camera of the iPhone 7 Plus new ios apps NeuroNation: Train your brain to improve your memory and focus with NeuroNation Flipagram: Create cool videos by mixing up your photos with music Timer+: Set up dozens of timers and control them all with ease Nutshell Camera: Create some pretty cool videos with Nutshell Camera IKEA Catalogue: Check out the IKEA Catalogue for more than just furniture Complete: Complete puts a social twist to your regular to-do list/ task manager WebMD Baby: WebMD Baby offers help in how to best tend to your baby Reader comments Load old comments   Apple to Launch 5.8-Inch iPhone Next Year with Samsung AMOLED Display more on: Apple i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
nechronicleLoad mobile navigation News Latest News North East News Traffic & Travel TV News Celebs History Crime Politics Education Health Property Motors UK & World News News OpinionExpand What's On Latest What's On Things To Do Family & Kids Food & Drink Comedy Music & Nightlife Arts & Culture Film ShoppingExpand Business Business News Commercial Property Farming Business OpinionExpand Newcastle United Sunderland AFC Sport Latest Sport Football Newcastle United Sunderland AFC Cricket Speedway Basketball Athletics Other Sport Fantasy FootballExpand In Your Area County Durham Gateshead Newcastle upon Tyne North Tyneside Northumberland South Tyneside Sunderland See all locationsExpand Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory BuySell Family Notices Dating Book an Ad Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror North East Home News North East News Apple NewsOpinion Apple tax story shows the cool company has a darker side Threats made by the super rich tech giant's boss might see some of its idealistic customers go elsewhere  Share  Comments ByMike Kelly 14:40, 3 SEP 2016 NewsOpinion The Apple logo is displayed on the exterior of an Apple Store on April 23, 2013 in San Francisco, California  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email I’ve never owned an Apple product - not an iPad, iPod, iMac, not even an Apple Watch. This to some makes me an uncool, low tech Neanderthal who lives in a subterranean analogue world, oblivious to the technicolour, technological revolution spearheaded by the visionary Steve Jobs who co-founded the company. Apple is like a religion to those who buy its products who display a devotion usually reserved for the followers of boybands. Jobs during his life was a Yoda-like figure to techies. While owning his products is a statement of style, working for his company making clever stuff was the pinnacle for some. It is where everybody rides around on Segways daydreaming and then turning these dreams into a reality of faster, sleeker, smarter and ever more desirable devices which made the little world of their customers an even better place. Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an Apple special event Take a peek inside an Apple store and you see these customers huddling round the products like they are some religious artefact. If the world was run like Apple it would be a shinier place. Or maybe not. Scratch the surface and the story is rather different - of a ruthless, profit-hungry multi-national corporation which can get its boots dirty with the best of them. The European Commission has hit the company with an £11bn fine after it claimed Apple had a deal with Ireland which meant the technology giant paid as little as 0.005% tax on its European profits for more than a decade. The current rate of corporation tax in Ireland is 12.5%. According to the European Commission, these tax arrangements enabled Apple to pay a rate of as little as £50 in taxes on every £1m in European profits in 2014. This was bad enough but then you had the reaction of Tim Cook, Apple’s chief executive, to it. After denying any sort of ‘sweetheart’ deal, he talked darkly about the decision having a “profound and harmful effect” on investment and jobs in the European Union. I’ve read it employs around 500,000 workers in the EU so that is quite a threat. While Cook and Apple have sympathy in certain right wing circles - come to Brexit Britain they are saying - not so elsewhere. Tax avoidance and evasion amongst the super rich is a major political issue these days. That’s basically because if companies paid their tax at the rate ordinary people like you and me do, the world would not be in the mess it is. And if Cook carries on bellyaching and threatening the livelihoods of his company’s staff whose education and health have been paid for from taxes, I suspect Apple might lose its place as the coolest brand in town and some of its more idealistic customers might shuffle off to one of its competitors. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @EveningChron Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Apple European Union In The News Sunday Sun News all Most Read Most Recent CourtsLocked up and behind bars: 21 North East offenders who were jailed last month A gallery of North East offenders who were convicted and jailed at courts around our region throughout December 2016 North Shields'Her insides turned to stone': Family's heartbreak at losing North Shields daughter to rare illness Tragic Nichola Wenn, from North Shields, died after suffering with a little known form of systemic scleroderma for several years Seaton SluiceWhitley Bay woman brands her uncle a 'monster' as he's jailed for sexually abusing her as a child Former Merchant Navy man David Sime, of Seaton Sluice, was found guilty of two offences of indecency with a child and has been locked up Heaton Manor SchoolMystery and shock surrounds sudden resignation of head teacher at Newcastle's Heaton Manor School Parents have been left confused and worried after the sudden resignation of the head at one of the city's biggest schools BykerCCTV appeal after 82-year-old has her purse snatched in Morrisons in Byker Police want to identify a woman following the theft of a pensioner's purse in the Shields Road supermarket Seaton SluiceWhitley Bay woman brands her uncle a 'monster' as he's jailed for sexually abusing her as a child Former Merchant Navy man David Sime, of Seaton Sluice, was found guilty of two offences of indecency with a child and has been locked up In The NewsMiami Fort Lauderdale airport shootings: Is it safe to travel to Florida after latest attack? A shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport in Florida has killed five people and left eight wounded, according to local officials BlythLaptop, cash and e-cigarette stolen in Blyth gang attack on 26-year-old The victim was left injured when three men approached him on a cut between Dukes Gardens and Temple Avenue on Friday In The NewsMiami Fort Lauderdale shootings: Five dead after gunman opens fire in baggage claim area A shooting at the Terminal 2 baggage claim at Fort Lauderdale airport in Florida claimed five lives, according to local officials PropertyLook around this unique Georgian villa hidden away in its very own 'secret garden' Thinking about making the move to somewhere a bit quieter this new year? £300,000 secret garden house in Gateshead is both secluded and central Most Read Most Recent CourtsLocked up and behind bars: 21 North East offenders who were jailed last month A gallery of North East offenders who were convicted and jailed at courts around our region throughout December 2016 FA CupRafa Benitez: Newcastle allow me to 'think big' - I want to win trophies here, but it'll take time Newcastle United head to St Andrew's to take on Birmingham City in the FA Cup third round on Saturday (3pm) North Shields'Her insides turned to stone': Family's heartbreak at losing North Shields daughter to rare illness Tragic Nichola Wenn, from North Shields, died after suffering with a little known form of systemic scleroderma for several years Mike AshleyNewcastle United given £33m loan by Mike Ashley to help club cope with relegation Documents filed by Mike Ashley's firm St James Holdings show the multi-million pound facility was made available last month Seaton SluiceWhitley Bay woman brands her uncle a 'monster' as he's jailed for sexually abusing her as a child Former Merchant Navy man David Sime, of Seaton Sluice, was found guilty of two offences of indecency with a child and has been locked up David MoyesSunderland’s recent home form is a clear sign of progress, says David Moyes Sunderland have lost just one of their last five home games but must, Moyes says, continue to strive to improve Sunderland AFCSunderland have shown their determination to retain their prize assets - David Moyes Moyes maintains the likes of Jermain Defoe and Jordan Pickford are not for sale, and says Sunderland are intent only on building FA CupRafa Benitez: Newcastle allow me to 'think big' - I want to win trophies here, but it'll take time Newcastle United head to St Andrew's to take on Birmingham City in the FA Cup third round on Saturday (3pm) Fab FlournoyNewcastle Eagles 116 Cheshire Phoenix 93: Eagles get 2017 off to a flying start Packed weekend under way in style at Sport Central as Eagles pull away from Phoenix to earn comfortable victory Seaton SluiceWhitley Bay woman brands her uncle a 'monster' as he's jailed for sexually abusing her as a child Former Merchant Navy man David Sime, of Seaton Sluice, was found guilty of two offences of indecency with a child and has been locked up Top Stories Seaton SluiceWhitley Bay woman brands her uncle a 'monster' as he's jailed for sexually abusing her as a child Former Merchant Navy man David Sime, of Seaton Sluice, was found guilty of two offences of indecency with a child and has been locked up North Shields'Her insides turned to stone': Family's heartbreak at losing North Shields daughter to rare illness Tragic Nichola Wenn, from North Shields, died after suffering with a little known form of systemic scleroderma for several years In The NewsMiami Fort Lauderdale shootings: 'Multiple dead' after gunman opens fire at Florida airport A shooting at the Terminal 2 baggage claim at Fort Lauderdale airport in Florida has killed multiple people, according to local officials BlythLaptop, cash and e-cigarette stolen in Blyth gang attack on 26-year-old The victim was left injured when three men approached him on a cut between Dukes Gardens and Temple Avenue on Friday Paul DummettPaul Dummett explains why he'll always be grateful to Gateshead for 2012 loan stint Paul Dummett could well have joined many of the ex-Newcastle youth team players in non-league or out of the game without the Heed In The NewsMiami Fort Lauderdale airport shootings: Is it safe to travel to Florida after latest attack? A shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport in Florida has killed five people and left eight wounded, according to local officials CourtsLocked up and behind bars: 21 North East offenders who were jailed last month A gallery of North East offenders who were convicted and jailed at courts around our region throughout December 2016 Mike AshleyNewcastle United given £33m loan by Mike Ashley to help club cope with relegation Documents filed by Mike Ashley's firm St James Holdings show the multi-million pound facility was made available last month County DurhamMum returns to supermarket spot where she collapsed in front of her children on Christmas Eve The Durham mum enjoyed an emotional reunion with the people who saved her life at Sainsbury's in the Arnison Centre Labour Party'Labour don't stand a cat in hell's chance' - Northumberland Labour councillor's outburst Kathy Graham claims voters have told her on the doorstep they do not trust Corbyn although the Labour Party said she has been deselected WashingtonFresh hope in the search for missing Washington 58-year-old Adrian Lee Adrian Lee's family are concerned about the 58-year-old, whose car has been spotted on the Forth Bridge and in Dundee in Scotland Aleksandar MitrovicNewcastle United transfers: Rafa Benitez offers BIG Aleksandar Mitrovic update Newcastle fans have questioned why Mitrovic was left out and wonder if he will be sold, Benitez has responded in style News What's On Sport Business Follow us facebook twitter instagram Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror North East This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay

EDITION US عربي (Arabi) Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Ελλάδα (Greece) India Italia 日本 (Japan) 한국 (Korea) Maghreb México Québec (En Francais) South Africa United Kingdom United States NEWS WorldPost Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Election Results Eat the Press HuffPost Hill Candidate Confessional So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Sports Comedy Celebrity Books Entertainment TV Arts + Culture WELLNESS Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Weddings Divorce Sleep WHAT'S WORKING Impact Green Good News Global Health VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Religion Queer Voices Parents Teen College VIDEO ALL SECTIONS Arts + Culture Black Voices Books Business Candidate Confessional Celebrity College Comedy Crime Divorce Dolce Vita Eat the Press Education Election Results Entertainment Fifty Good News Green Healthy Living Highline Home Horoscopes HuffPost Data HuffPost Hill Impact Latino Voices Media Outspeak Parents Politics Pollster Queer Voices Religion Science Small Business So That Happened Sports Style Taste Tech Teen TestKitchen Travel TV Weddings Weird News Women WorldPost FEATURED Hawaii OWN Quiet Revolution Don't Stress the Mess Endeavor Fearless Dreamers Generation Now Inspiration Generation Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit What's Working: Small Businesses THE BLOG The Writing Life: Hard To Believe That Johnny Apple Has Been Gone A Decade 09/03/2016 09:23 am ET | Updated Sep 03, 2016 Pranay Gupte Bestselling author, historian, biographer, foreign correspondent Hard to believe that soon it will be a decade since Johnny Apple of The New York Times died of complications from thoracic cancer. The Times has always had great writers - like A. M. Rosenthal, Joseph Lelyveld, Maureen Dowd, Max Frankel, Gail Collins, Bob Herbert, among others. But Raymond Walter Apple Jr. (November 20, 1934 - October 4, 2006), known to all as "Johnny," and bylined as R.W. Apple Jr., was an authentic larger-than-life figure. A massive man with a voracious appetite for food and politics and gossip and fine wines, there was no topic he couldn't tackle with acuity and knowledge on deadline. Critics said he had very high self-regard, perhaps justifiably so. Johnny reported from some 120 countries. His last article for the paper while he was still alive was on Singapore cuisine, published on September 30, 2006. What many journalists didn't realize was that Johnny poured a lot of study and research into his work. In that sense, one could be forgiven if one termed him a scholar-scribe. The last New York Times article he wrote, entitled "The Global Gourmet," was published posthumously on October 5, 2006. The Times' travel section had planned to run that valedictory piece several weeks later but it was brought forward due to his death. Johnny was a difficult and temperamental man to deal with, as numerous editors and colleagues will attest. But what a writer! Hard to imagine that we will see such brilliance and productivity any time soon. Unless, of course, you believe in instant reincarnation. Come back, Johnny, you'd have a roaring time with The Donald and The Hillary! Follow Pranay Gupte on Twitter: www.twitter.com/PranayGupte More: Media Political Campaigns Food-writing Comments From Our Partners Presented by LendingTree Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW TRUMP'S FIRST 100 DAYS How will Donald Trump’s first 100 days impact YOU? Subscribe, choose the community that you most identify with or want to learn more about and we’ll send you the news that matters most once a week throughout Trump’s first 100 days in office. Learn more Newsletter 8.68 M 89.8 K 462 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat The Writing Life: Hard To Believe That Johnny Apple Has Been Gone A Decade NEW! HIGHLIGHT AND SHARE Highlight text to share via Facebook and Twitter CONVERSATIONS Advertise RSS Careers FAQ User Agreement Privacy Comment Policy About Us About Our Ads Contact Us Archive Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost • HPMG News
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 10 things in tech you need to know today Sam Shead Aug. 31, 2016, 2:42 AM 2,160 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple CEO Tim Cook.Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Good morning! Here's the tech news you need to know this Wednesday. 1. The European Commission has ordered Ireland to ask Apple $14.5 billion in back taxes following a three-year investigation into the company's tax affairs in the country. Both Apple and Ireland intend to appeal the decision. 2. A Downing Street representative said Apple would be "welcome" to come to Britain following the European Commission's ruling. The Prime Minister's official spokesman added that the UK makes all companies pay the tax they owe. 3. Alphabet is breaking up Nest, its standalone smart-home gadgets company, and moving Nest's software group back into Google. Nest Labs will continue to exist as a subsidiary of Alphabet, continuing to develop Nest-branded hardware such as its internet-connected thermostat. 4. YouTube live video viewings climbed 80% last year as the company looks to take on Facebook and Snapchat. The number of live videos uploaded onto the Google-owned platform increased by 130% over the same period. 5. Nintendo is about to announce a new console. The console is codenamed Nintendo NX. 6. A security researcher found a problem in Google's own login page that could allow a hacker to easily steal people's passwords. Aidan Woods wrote on his personal website about the frustrating interactions he had with Google's security team, which told him they would not track it as a security bug. 7. Uber is shaking up its leadership by bringing in Target Chief Marketing Officer, Jeff Jones, as president of its ridesharing operations. He replaces cofounder Ryan Graves. 8. Apple doesn't expect the $14.5 billion tax bill to have "any near-term impact on" its financial results. That's according to a document posted on Apple's investor relations website. 9. Google plans to expand its Uber-like carpooling service to all of San Francisco. The service is known as Waze. 10. Microsoft's Bing got in trouble after it translated the Arabic word for "ISIS" to "Saudi Arabia". It was forced to apologize. NOW WATCH: The best way to clear out a ton of space on your iPhone superfast Loading video... Follow 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: 10 Things You Need To Know SAI 10 Things You Need To Know SAI UK facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru 10 things in tech you need to know today 10 things in tech you need to know today Good morning! Here's the tech news you need to... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » Keep tabs on the latest from Business Insider in our new Chrome Extension More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
Share 84 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-06 ‘Yuri On Ice’ Story Isn’t Ripped-Off For ‘Love On Ice’? Hallmark Channel Responds To Plagiarism Claims By Fans Of Yuri And Victor’s Story Entertainment 2017-01-06 George R. R. Martin Still Silent About ‘The Winds Of Winter,’ 2017 Release Date Might Happen Entertainment 2017-01-05 Inauguration Day 2017 Entertainment Update: Trump Struggles To Get Performers While Obama’s Farewell Party Is Already Filled To The Brim Entertainment 2017-01-05 Winning Floats From 2017 Rose Parade News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-06 President Obama Is Building A Wall Around His New Home Opinion 2017-01-06 Hillary Clinton Should Think Twice About ‘Running’ For Mayor Of New York: Just Ask Rahm Emanuel Opinion 2017-01-06 Top 5 Stores With The Easiest Gifts Return Policy Opinion 2017-01-06 A Mom Sent Another Mom A Bill For $400 After Her Daughter’s Shoes Got Scuffed Up On Playdate Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-06 Top 4 Roman Reigns Match Ideas For WWE ‘WrestleMania 33’ Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Big Update On Shelton Benjamin’s WWE Return, Veteran Says He Won’t Be At ‘Royal Rumble’ 2017 Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: NJPW Star Kenny Omega Says He Is Stepping Away From Japan, Possible WWE Jump Upcoming? Wrestling 2017-01-06 WWE News: Goldberg To Wrestle At ‘Fastlane’ In Marquee Match Set Up On ‘RAW’ Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-06 New Ebola Vaccine Can’t Be Used For Prevention, World Health Organization Warns Health 2017-01-06 Coca-Cola Sued For Marketing Deception, What Are The Long Term Health Effects Of Sugary Drinks? Health 2017-01-05 Mysterious Marijuana Illness Spikes In Legalized States Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-06 Nintendo Classic Mini Edition Jail Hacked Via Softmod Like Wii? Apparently Twice As Many NES Console Games Technology 2017-01-06 As iPhone Sales Decline, So Too Does Apple’s Employees’ Pay Gaming 2017-01-06 Steam Compatible Controllers Expanding: Soon PC Gamers Can Use Console Input Devices With All Games Gaming 2017-01-06 The ‘Shenmue 3’ Release Date Is Happening, But An HD Remaster? ‘Shenmue HD’ Domain Grabbed By Sega Europe BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-06 ‘Black Twitter’ Roasts ‘Yahoo Finance’ For N-Word Twitter Typo: ‘Trump Wants A Much N***** Navy’ Screenshot Trends BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Golden Globe Awards 2017: Who Will Win And Where To Watch? BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Zombie Outbreak Would Kill Nearly All Humanity In 100 Days, UK Scientists Claim BuzzWorthy 2017-01-05 Trump’s New Hair Photo: Combed-Back Hairstyle In Instagram Pic Makes Trump Look ‘Presidential’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss iPhone 7: Release Date & Five Features To Expect In Apple’s Upcoming Smartphone Mobile 84 0 0 September 2, 2016 iPhone 7: Release Date & Five Features To Expect In Apple’s Upcoming Smartphone Sahash Khanal It’s that time of the year again. On September 7, Tim Cook will continue a ritual that he has partaken in for several years now. The Apple CEO will be unveiling the latest iPhone on Wednesday. Now as of yet, it is not clear what Apple’s newest phones will be called. While rumors have been rife that they will most likely be called the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, it could still very well be called the iPhone 6SS. And even though iPhone 6SS doesn’t quite have the same ring to it as does iPhone 7, nothing official has been said regarding the name. Although Apple has been using a predictable naming cycle, there’s still a chance they could break the cycle, given that this year’s iPhone is said to feature fewer updates than usual and keeping all the big updates for next year, which will be the iPhone’s 10th birthday. It will, however, be referred to as the iPhone 7 through this article. Besides, with the unveiling event set to take place on September 7, Apple could be teasing us with its scheduling. Apple’s CEO Tim Cook. [Photo by Andrew Burton/Getty Images] So, here are 5 features you can expect to find in the iPhone 7. Design & Size Rumors have been rife that Apple will be getting rid of the 3.5-millimeter headphone jacks on its new phones. And if those rumors are true, then the iPhone 7 would become a few inches thinner than its predecessors. New black and matte colors are to be expected alongside the traditional colors that the iPhones have been offered in. Regarding the size, Apple looks set to stick to the usual 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch display sizes. Camera The iPhone 7 is expected to feature dual back-facing cameras, which will effectively improve the camera’s auto-focusing and facilitate low-light photography. And since both phones will come with iOS 10, which was announced earlier this year, it will feature an upgraded Photos App resembling Google Photo’s organization system. Headphone Jack The biggest rumor surrounding the new iPhone is that it will ditch the traditional 3.5-millimeter headphone jacks to make the phone slimmer. The rumor, which was first floated by the Japanese blog Mac Otakara, states that the new iPhone will require the use to connect the phone’s headphones either via the proprietary Lightning connector or via Bluetooth. This move has been criticized by many, including the company’s co-founder Steve Wozniak. Home Button There have been rumors that Apple could swap the traditional physical home button for a vibration that will provide the illusion of clicking. And even if these rumors are true, a major change such as this will probably feature in next year’s major release. For now, the home button is set to stay as it is. Waterproof Not only did Apple recently receive a patent for an editing tool for underwater photos, with the rumored removal of the headphone jack, the iPhone 7 looks set to be a water-proof phone or at least a more water-friendly phone than the previous releases. Release Date Well, Apple usually releases the iPhones on Fridays, a week after announcing them. If you’re waiting to buy one, you might be able to get it as early as September 16. The first generation iPhone was released almost a decade ago, on June 29, 2007. Apple’s co-founder and then-CEO Steve Jobs announced the device that has since gone on to revolutionize the entire mobile phone industry. The most recent iPhone model, iPhone SE, was unveiled earlier this year. A total of nine generations of iPhone models have been released by Apple, each corresponding to one of the major iOS operating systems. The upcoming model will come with the latest version of Apple’s mobile operating system, iOS 10. Apple’s Tim Cook with the company’s founder the late Steve Jobs. [Photo by Paul Sakuma/AP Photo] The massive commercial success of the iPhone has not only helped Apple become one of the world’s most valuable companies, but it has also revolutionized the entire smartphone industry. The first iPhone, unveiled by Steve Jobs in 2007, was one of the first phones to feature a slate format touchscreen display that could be operated by the fingers, a format that has since been replicated by all modern smartphones. [Photo by Carl Court/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Twitter China Chief Quits After Eight Months Now Read This: Nintendo Classic Mini Edition Jail Hacked Via Softmod Like Wii? Apparently Twice As Many NES Console Games Share 84 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Sahash Khanal Tags: Apple, apple iphone 7, iPhone 7, new iphone January 5, 2017 WWE Rumors: Three Former Superstars Who Could Return As ‘Royal Rumble’ 2017 Match Surprise Entrants January 5, 2017 Pokemon GO Next Update Release Date Coming Soon? May Fix App Freezing And Gym Battle Removal Glitches View full timeline 2 hours ago As iPhone Sales Decline, So Too Does Apple’s Employees’ Pay 14 hours ago Forget The iPhone 7, Leaked Images Reveal Apple’s Click Wheel iPhone Prototype Comments LATEST HEADLINES Top 4 Roman Reigns Match Ideas For WWE ‘WrestleMania 33’ President Obama Is Building A Wall Around His New Home Hillary Clinton Should Think Twice About ‘Running’ For Mayor Of New York: Just Ask Rahm Emanuel Ciara Drops $15 Million Defamation Lawsuit Against Future Top 5 Stores With The Easiest Gifts Return Policy Nintendo Classic Mini Edition Jail Hacked Via Softmod Like Wii? Apparently Twice As Many NES Console Games Seattle Mariners Trades: New Starting Pitcher, Outfielder Acquired By Jerry Dipoto Chicago Race Torture Victim Says Attacker Jordan Hill ‘Was My Friend’ Before Facebook Live Assault Kendall Jenner Opens Up About Anxiety After Kim Kardashian’s Robbery Fox News’ Bill O’Reilly Talks About Russian Interference Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Oliver Stone Accuses Mainstream Media Of Reporting Fake News About Russia 7.2k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 51.5k 0 0 George Lopez Turns Down Trump Inauguration Invite, Calls Him ‘Tiny Hands’ In Mean-Spirited Jab 6k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 63 0 0 Group Of Four Teenagers Kidnap And Torture Special Needs Child In Chicago, Post Live Video On Facebook [Graphic Footage] 12 0 0 WWE News: Jimmy Snuka Cleared Of All Murder Charges 2.8k 0 0 Recent Videos Discoveries Rare Underwater Footage Captured Below Antarctic Ice Automotive Uber Removes Self Driving Cars In San Francisco One Week After Launching Science Scientist Creates Artificial Human Skin From Algae Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $50 off Nest thermostat, $90 off iPhone SE, and more Let’s Talk Jailbreak 157: All about the iOS 10 jailbreak and Prometheus Let’s Talk iOS 168: What we want to see from Apple in... Happy New Year firework wallpapers   skip to main content skip to main menu     KGI on iPhone 7: IPX7 waterproofing, 2.4GHz chip, new Force Touch sensor, LED flash & more By Christian Zibreg, Sep 3, 2016 Tweet 68 Comments KGI Securities’ Ming-Chi Kuo is probably the most reliable analyst out there when it comes to predicting Apple’s unannounced gadgets and today he issued a new report to clients, a copy of which was obtained by 9to5Mac, to discuss some last minute details ahead of Apple’s September 7 event. In it, he shares many previously undisclosed iPhone 7 features, including a lot faster new chip, some new and updated sensors, significantly improved cameras with an upgraded LED flash system and more, plus specifics on waterproofing, new colors options, display technology and so forth. Here are key highlights from the report: Cameras—KGI’s report does not discuss the camera on the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 model, which too will be getting an upgrade of its own, likely in the form of an increased opening to let more light in and possibly even Optical Image Stabilization, a feature that used to be exclusive to ‘Plus’ models. As for the brand-new dual camera system on the iPhone 7 Plus, Kuo writes that it’s made up of a wide-angle camera and a telephoto camera, each sporting a twelve-megapixel sensor and a 6P lens. This will allow for some interesting features, like true optical zoom and “light field camera applications”. As a bonus, the iPhone 7’s LED flash increases the number of LEDs from two to four (two cool, two warm) to improve photos taken in low-light situations. Display—The iPhone 7 will use the same display sizes and screen resolutions as the iPhone 6/6s series while borrowing Apple’s latest technologies from the 9.7-inch iPad Pro allowing the iPhone 7 screens to render a wider range of colors so the photos taken by the new cameras will look even better on them. A-series chip—The next iPhone will be powered by Apple’s in-house designed ‘A10’ chip with CPU cores clocked at up to 2.4GHz versus the maximum CPU clock rate of 1.85GHz for the A9 chip inside the iPhone 6s and iPhone SE. Supply chain sources previously said the A10 would be fabbed on TSMC’s ten-nanometer FinFET process technology versus the 16-nm process for the A9 chip while the actual chip packaging will use TSMC’s new InFO process, resulting in a smaller overall package. RAM—While the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 will stay at two gigabytes of RAM, the same as the iPhone 6s, the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus model will have three gigabytes of memory to handle advanced camera processing of the dual-camera system. Storage—Kuo says Apple will abandon existing 16 GB and 64 GB tiers and provide the iPhone 7 lineup in the following storage capacities: 32 GB, 128 GB and 256 GB. Colors—Two new iPhone 7 case colors, called “Dark Black” and “Piano Black,” will replace Space Gray which will be removed from the lineup, meaning the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be offered in a total of five colors. Piano Black is described as glossy but may only be offered exclusively on high-capacity iPhone 7 models at launch due to low yields. Sensors—The removal of the 3.55 headphone jack has created space for what looks look a second speaker grille but is actually a brand new sensor designed to improve the “user experience” by enhancing the Force Touch recognition system. The handsets should also gain a new amplifier to boost sound output from the receiver and “switch from LCD to laser” for the proximity sensor to enable faster response times, longer recognition distance and maybe even hand-waving gesture features. Headphones—Like most other watchers, Kuo agrees that the iPhone 7 lineup will ditch the 3.55 mm analog audio jack in favor of wireless Bluetooth headphones or wired ones based on Lightning I/O. Kuo agrees that every iPhone 7 box will include Lighting-based EarPods as well as a Lighting to 3.5mm Headphone Jack Adapter. Waterproofing—The iPhone 7 will be waterproof with an IPX7 rating, just like the Apple Watch, allowing the device to withstand immersion in water up to 1 meter for up to 30 minutes. “According to KGI, Apple’s high standards for waterproofing have impacted the supply chain and lowered total production of iPhone 7,” writes the publication. If Kuo is right, there is more to the iPhone 7 than meets the eye. I’m not sure about you, but I’m very intrigued by that additional Force Touch sensor and a much-improved proximity sensor potentially allowing the iPhone 7 to detect hand-waving gestures. You may also want to read our roundup of the September 7 event predictions. Source: 9to5Mac Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend iPhone 8 to hit mass production late in the third quarter of 2017 KGI: iPhone 8 will have all glass casing to support wireless charging KGI (again) predicts iPhone demand has peaked for the year due to lackluster improvements Top Apple analyst expects fewer iPhone 7 sales than iPhone 6s garnered in 2015 Related Topics Analysts, Apple, iPhone, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, KGI Securities, Ming-Chi Kuo, News, Rumors Jamessmooth Hm. Maybe this iPhone won’t be such a snoozer after all. Jibbley Gravey What do you mean? there’s nothing but an improved Camera…. this is a SNOOZER…. mickey Lackluster sure but expected. Internals are all upgraded significantly. What else did you expect of Apple? They don’t make huge leaps but refinements. We don’t all agree on it but we certainly know this by now. I’m actually surprised there might be waterproofing. Jibbley Gravey Waterproofing? is that really a feature?… don’t tell me, you’re going to be the idiot going SWIMMING with their mobile device…. this is nothing but a SNOOZER!!! Tim can’t innovate for his life… everyone buy put options on AAPLs stock NOW!!!! They already aren’t selling enough iphones to meet growth estimates… now this…. They will MISS earning for years to come. SHORT!!!! the bears are coming!!! mickey I kayak and paddleboard a couple times a month so yeah it is a feature to me. It’s a hobby, like your trolling. Jibbley Gravey I’m pretty sure your phone isn’t SUBMERGED IN WATER WHEN YOU DO THOSE “HOBBIES” … mickey I take regular dips whenever I go out. Even if I didn’t it’d be nice to just not worry about my phone getting wet. Jibbley Gravey It’s still going to get wet… but the fact that you would take your electronics out in the water with you is baffling. Obviously not someone who takes care of their equipment. Hey look at me, I’m at the beach, I want to go surfing… instead of leaving my phone under the umbrella, I’m going to take it with me in the water because, I’m going to totally be using it… sounds stupid huh? mickey There are plenty of reasons for me to bring a phone when I’m out in the middle of the ocean. It is in a waterproof case but it’d be nice if I didn’t have to use one. I’m sorry it isn’t for you but I’m not a moron or an idiot because of it. Jibbley Gravey No, there is NO good reason to bring your $1000 phone into the water unless you’re like some action cam guy… which you could have just used a $300 go pro or a REAL camera instead. 😀 mickey I guess emergencies is not a reason. Besides, I can do whatever I want with the $1000 phone I paid for. Jibbley Gravey Thanks for the win. It’s just silly to take your phone in the water… unless you’re on a boat and don’t plan on getting wet. I doubt you’ll be kayaking very far from shore. mickey Ok I lied. What I really want to do is just be able to pour Dom P all over my phone whenever I want. Newgunnerr Did you read the article? Rowan09 Of course not, that would make too much sense. We didn’t know most if any of these details. gary Did you not read the article? Jibbley Gravey Removed headphone jack… new camera… new colors not impressed. Same design, same speed, same ram, different OS… what exactly is new????????? please tell me? Everything else isn’t really an upgrade… slightly faster phone? well duh… I’d expect nothing less. So… really… the ONLY thing new is a fkn camera…. you sheep. WAKE UP mickey Now we know you definitely can’t read. New cpu, faster speed, more ram (plus). Everything IS upgraded and it will perform just as well as any other flagship out there. Is it innovative? No. But again what are you expecting (you still haven’t told us)? You cannot produce historically innovative features every year. We’ve seen this with the countless and forgotten gimmicks in cell phone tech the last few years. I’m guessing you’re the guy that bashed 3D Touch but would’ve complained anyway if there wasn’t anything new ad novel. Besides, the technology has reached a point where upgrades are not huge leaps anymore, simply upgrades. What phone will you be using and why aren’t you on that forum? Jibbley Gravey I’m pretty sure I mentioned (faster) in my post… “faster” upgrades are the “S” versions… this one should have been ‘innovative’ they had TWO fkn years to come up with something good… and this is the best they could do? a darker color and a better camera? you are 100% a sheep if you think this is worth a $1000 upgrade. Moron. mickey When did I say this is worth the upgrade? My first post I was actually agreeing with you. I am simply saying these upgrades are as expected. Every iteration is faster not just the S. You are twisting my words. Jibbley Gravey Nope, I used your words exactly as you stated. Innovative every year? I just pointed out… they purposely added in an “S” year just so they have time to make major upgrades every TWO years instead. 🙂 you twisted your own words. A tech company that can’t innovate will DIE :3 Sony and Microsoft with their console gaming systems will DIE… why? because people want more and more for a cheaper price… Remember when the PS4 was $599? lol. Who was going to pay that? no one… price lowered to $399. PC gaming will eventually take over… and they will just need to open up PSN and XBL to PC gamers… they simply can’t compete. People aren’t willing to pay that much for hardware every year… just let them build their own system that will last many years 😀 Apple better innovate something REAL SOON… iphone sales are not meeting growth expectations anymore 😉 AAPL can barely meet EPS expectations… they will miss next quarter 100% mickey What about other flagships? Not every year is a major upgrade. It’s not just Apple. Jibbley Gravey OnePlus 3 😉 mickey Don’t you know sheep can see above 500ppi? Need moar pixels. Agneev Mukherjee Man, I love my 6s. Noohar Me too buddy guy friend Newgunnerr Now imagine the 10th anni version iphone … waiting for that one 🙂 leart I was thinking the same… just purchased 6s+ anyway it would be a waste switching to the new one this fast Newgunnerr Exactly the same. Got my 6s+ like 3 months ago. I am going to buy my first apple watch tho askep3 Same! Can’t wait for the Apple Watch! Also hoping they release the MacBook Pro tho Newgunnerr O man that macbook pro with a LED stripe, i’d kill for a macbook like that Prasoon Singh Hope they release a new keyboard with the LED strip. I’d buy that one right away! askep3 Woah u don’t need to kill lol, they’ll release it soon Leonard Wong By the look of it. That’s quite an upgrade leart the white one looks gorgeous iFlasher That one is an iPhone 6s. Just the dark blue one is the supposed iPhone 7. *If you mean the first picture* leart lol didn’t paid too much attention .. that’s exactly like my 6s+ but since i used a case since minute one, i forgot how it looks lol leart 😀 Jayy What case is that? I’m starting to want a super slim case for my 6s plus! I have 3 cases I want a 4th! leart not sure you can find this, it’s really amazing, dual layer, rubber silicon inside, and the back is removable, hard plastic but with a good feeling in hand.. and is prett slim to.. tried a lot even before to purchase my device so i own only this haha https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fe99aeedea2a5ac26c9f1958421149b57da262061140f50396b5b8dda763685f.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/ca5b6d7b206aef2e24ea4d109e8995d74c0a44fa98e66df4864f52bfdcb1fbff.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a80d22ecb76e19673b6a3f098f2dba30abffd4a7e2338fdbab3713c9eb8b5795.jpg Jayy Lol yeah it is pretty hard to find exactly what you have. This is the closest I came (in attached picture) but I’ll find something. Amazon usually has some good stuff! Oh and thank you! https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/b34fce964d05e87096251e849fefffb3943dad97cbb60457b28d7a40fcbb5f64.png leart 😀 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/4336a94a3242e6d398523f19d3b1bd087db288f4b5859f02cf63d39f10fc5ced.jpg Jayy Lol yeah I noticed that complany name in the first pic. leart yeah, but this is another one, the exact copy of the 6s+ one, just is for 5/5s/se.. Eliijah Moss I’m confused. What happened to the deep blue color? Is it being called a different name now, or was it removed from the line of colors? Julio Hernandez It was rumored but those rumors stopped in favor of the whole two new black color rumors. As far as I’m aware at least. Eliijah Moss Got you. Noohar 3gb RAM upgrade would be nice for the 7 Plus. 5723alex . That’s an old app. Geekbench 4 is out. Tony No space grey is a deal breaker for me. Newgunnerr How? It’s 2 years old now, don’t you like black better? Tony Nope, space grey worked just fine. All my stuff is space grey.. zero reason for them to dump this color way after just adding it to the MacBook line up.. seems stupid but I’m seriously considering dumping all my apple stuff, not just for the color way issue but many others that have come up this past year. They just aren’t the same company with a good direction anymore. gary Then buy a 6S in Space Grey Tony Already have one.. but there was a defect in the board that didn’t allow calls to go through. So Apple replaced it last week, I was going to get the 7 and just sell that 6S Plus… but now.. nope.. tariq What are the 5 colors? TornBodies Gold Rose Gold Silver Glossy Piano Black Dark Black techfreak23 Silver, Gold, Rose Gold, “Piano Black,” and “Space Black” tariq Thanks! I forgot about the rose gold rockdude094 Definitely getting the Dark Black ! SteveJay So does this mean that the next anti-apple campaign will be Watergate? Jibbley Gravey Yes. Prasoon Singh I’m all in for a waterproof iPhone. Currently have the 6s and I won’t be upgrading anytime soon because I bought it full price on launch day. PhoneTechJay Why do you call it waterproofing? Its just water resistant not completely waterproof. If its the same as the watch its definitely not waterproof… p1noyako Pass on this iPhone 7. Will wait for the iPhone 8 or whatever they call it. Joey Just need my 3.5 mm port and black colour Rak S If this is the extent of the iPhone update, I’m seriously going to consider if I should upgrade from my iPhone 6. This is underwhelming to say the least Better camera? The current one is fine. More colours? Meh. Water resistance? Lol. Not a a problem most people need to worry about. 32gb base model? I buy 64gb anyway New processor? Great, I can launch FB 0.5 seconds faster. It’s pretty poor to be honest. Everything here, apart from water resistance is an incremental improvement. Nothing new or particularly interesting or innovative. Disappointing… Adhithya Gokul That is what can be done to a phone. What else can we expect. Only new design is missing and that will come next year. Rak S Not too long ago, they talked about Sapphire glass, AMOLED screens, removal of the home button, etc. These are at least interesting innovations/enhancements. Design is the main thing with iPhones… Physical, software experience design. Without that, there is no Apple. There’s no guarantee that new design is coming next year. It’s unsubstantiated rumour that may be 12 months down the line. All previous evidence indicates that the design won’t change for 2 years, as per the iPhone 3G 4, 5 and 6.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Apple planning to open first retail store on Samsung’s home turf Apple shares wallpapers created with Mac and iOS devices for Chinese New Year How to add Live Photos to your Instagram stories This is what the iPhone’s interface could have looked like TSSChecker now correctly supports iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus   The latest jailbreak news TSSChecker now correctly supports iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Yalu + mach_portal now supports TSMC models: still unstable NoTodayView disables the Spotlight widget page on the Home and Lock screens AntennaGIFDL lets you download GIFs from the Antenna Reddit client app CasualAlarm uses random songs from your music library for alarm sounds iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Sat,  07 January 2017 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 5.90   0.10 1.72%   1STPRIMFMF 12.00   -0.30 -2.44%   AAMRATECH 34.50   -0.70 -1.99%   ABB1STMF 5.90   0.10 1.72%   ABBANK 22.40   0.70 3.23%   ACI   -5.00   ACIFORMULA 157.80   2.60 1.68%   ACMELAB 103.90   -0.60 -0.57%   ACTIVEFINE 44.30   -0.20 -0.45%   AFCAGRO 54.80   -2.10 -3.69%   AFTABAUTO 61.30   0.80 1.32%   AGNISYSL 23.40   0.00 0.00%   AGRANINS 23.00   0.80 3.60%   AIBL1STIMF 8.00   0.10 1.27%   AL-HAJTEX 92.20   -1.20 -1.28%   ALARABANK 16.00   0.10 0.63%   ALLTEX 14.50   -0.40 -2.68%   AMANFEED 70.90   0.10 0.14%   AMBEEPHA 409.00   7.80 1.94%   AMCL(PRAN) 216.00   1.20 0.56%   ANLIMAYARN 31.00   0.50 1.64%   ANWARGALV 73.00   0.20 0.27%   APEXFOODS 143.10   -3.50 -2.39%   APEXFOOT 357.80   8.30 2.37%   APEXSPINN 114.90   0.40 0.35%   APEXTANRY 144.40   -2.40 -1.63%   APOLOISPAT 21.20   -0.10 -0.47%   ARAMIT 386.20   10.90 2.90%   ARAMITCEM 45.10   -0.30 -0.66%   ARGONDENIM 35.80   0.50 1.42%   ASIAINS 21.10   0.20 0.96%   ASIAPACINS 19.70   -0.10 -0.51%   ATCSLGF 10.40   -0.10 -0.95%   ATLASBANG 115.20   0.20 0.17%   AZIZPIPES 67.00   -0.10 -0.15%   BANGAS 130.00   1.80 1.40%   BANKASIA 17.60   -0.30 -1.68%   BARKAPOWER 32.10   0.00 0.00%   BATASHOE 1149.60   -0.50 -0.04%   BATBC   0.20   BAYLEASING 23.60   -0.40 -1.67%   BBS   1.20   BDAUTOCA 97.50   8.40 9.43%   BDCOM   -0.30   BDFINANCE 16.30   -0.10 -0.61%   BDLAMPS 187.00   1.80 0.97%   BDTHAI 27.60   0.10 0.36%   BDWELDING 13.00   -0.40 -2.99%   BEACHHATCH 12.00   -0.40 -3.23%   BEACONPHAR 22.80   0.00 0.00%   BENGALWTL 50.40   -0.40 -0.79%   BEXIMCO 30.30   1.30 4.48%   BGIC   0.20   BIFC   0.20   BNICL   0.00   BRACBANK 65.30   0.50 0.77%   BSC   18.00   BSCCL   -0.80   BSRMLTD 134.20   -0.50 -0.37%   BSRMSTEEL 95.70   -0.30 -0.31%   BXPHARMA 86.50   2.10 2.49%   BXSYNTH 9.10   0.30 3.41%   CENTRALINS 19.00   0.50 2.70%   CENTRALPHL 22.60   -0.50 -2.16%   CITYBANK 27.30   0.00 0.00%   CITYGENINS 17.20   0.10 0.58%   CMCKAMAL 23.90   0.90 3.91%   CNATEX 10.80   0.20 1.89%   CONFIDCEM 124.40   3.40 2.81%   CONTININS 22.80   1.20 5.56%   CVOPRL 208.20   -4.30 -2.02%   DACCADYE 9.10   0.10 1.11%   DAFODILCOM 42.20   -0.10 -0.24%   DBH   -0.80   DBH1STMF 7.60   0.00 0.00%   DELTALIFE 107.50   3.50 3.37%   DELTASPINN 11.00   0.20 1.85%   DESCO   -1.90   DESHBANDHU 12.00   -0.20 -1.64%   DHAKABANK 18.20   0.40 2.25%   DHAKAINS 23.60   0.00 0.00%   DOREENPWR 111.00   -0.60 -0.54%   DSHGARME 304.00   -15.60 -4.88%   DSSL   0.70   DULAMIACOT 8.70   -0.20 -2.25%   DUTCHBANGL 113.70   -2.50 -2.15%   EASTERNINS 27.30   0.00 0.00%   EASTLAND 22.60   -0.20 -0.88%   EASTRNLUB 1300.00   9.80 0.76%   EBL   0.50   EBL1STMF 6.80   0.10 1.49%   EBLNRBMF 7.30   0.30 4.29%   ECABLES 145.10   -1.40 -0.96%   EHL   0.10   EMERALDOIL 39.50   -0.70 -1.74%   ENVOYTEX 40.90   -1.00 -2.39%   ETL   0.20   EXIM1STMF 8.00   0.10 1.27%   EXIMBANK 11.60   0.10 0.87%   FAMILYTEX 9.60   0.10 1.05%   FARCHEM 26.60   -0.30 -1.12%   FAREASTFIN 12.30   -0.10 -0.81%   FAREASTLIF 71.30   0.40 0.56%   FASFIN 14.30   -0.30 -2.05%   FBFIF   0.10   FEDERALINS 13.80   0.10 0.73%   FEKDIL 27.40   -0.50 -1.79%   FINEFOODS 25.60   0.00 0.00%   FIRSTFIN 10.20   -0.30 -2.86%   FIRSTSBANK 13.50   0.10 0.75%   FORTUNE 53.00   -0.10 -0.19%   FUWANGCER 17.80   0.00 0.00%   FUWANGFOOD 15.80   -0.10 -0.63%   GBBPOWER 20.80   0.00 0.00%   GEMINISEA 821.00   20.70 2.59%   GENNEXT 10.00   0.10 1.01%   GHAIL   0.90   GHCL   -1.30   GLAXOSMITH 1571.00   -2.60 -0.17%   GLOBALINS 16.70   -0.40 -2.34%   GOLDENSON 23.80   0.00 0.00%   GP   -0.60   GPHISPAT 38.70   0.60 1.57%   GQBALLPEN 75.80   -0.10 -0.13%   GRAMEENS2 12.80   0.30 2.40%   GREENDELMF 7.60   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELT 52.50   -1.10 -2.05%   GSPFINANCE 24.50   0.10 0.41%   HAKKANIPUL 50.50   -0.40 -0.79%   HEIDELBCEM 550.00   0.10 0.02%   HFL   0.00   HRTEX   2.90   HWAWELLTEX 40.30   -1.20 -2.89%   IBBLPBOND 991.00   2.50 0.25%   IBNSINA 210.00   -0.10 -0.05%   ICB   3.00   ICB1STNRB 22.10   0.60 2.79%   ICB2NDNRB 8.70   -0.10 -1.14%   ICB3RDNRB 5.90   -0.20 -3.28%   ICBAMCL2ND 6.20   -0.20 -3.13%   ICBEPMF1S1 6.70   -0.20 -2.90%   ICBIBANK 4.70   0.00 0.00%   ICBSONALI1 6.60   0.00 0.00%   IDLC   -0.20   IFADAUTOS 111.30   4.20 3.92%   IFIC   0.00   IFIC1STMF 5.80   0.20 3.57%   IFILISLMF1 7.30   0.10 1.39%   ILFSL   0.10   IMAMBUTTON 19.00   -0.60 -3.06%   INTECH 15.40   -0.40 -2.53%   IPDC   -0.20   ISLAMIBANK 30.00   0.20 0.67%   ISLAMICFIN 19.30   0.20 1.05%   ISLAMIINS 21.70   -0.10 -0.46%   ISNLTD 14.50   -0.20 -1.36%   ITC   -0.20   JAMUNABANK 15.90   -0.10 -0.62%   JAMUNAOIL 188.60   -1.20 -0.63%   JANATAINS 13.80   0.10 0.73%   JMISMDL 185.00   3.50 1.93%   JUTESPINN 56.80   -0.30 -0.53%   KARNAPHULI 15.90   0.00 0.00%   KAY&QUE 36.90   1.10 3.07%   KBPPWBIL 22.30   0.00 0.00%   KDSALTD 90.90   -2.20 -2.36%   KEYACOSMET 13.80   0.20 1.47%   KOHINOOR 396.90   13.20 3.44%   KPCL   -0.20   KPPL   0.20   LAFSURCEML 82.70   -0.10 -0.12%   LANKABAFIN 37.80   2.00 5.59%   LEGACYFOOT 23.90   -1.00 -4.02%   LIBRAINFU 520.00   22.20 4.46%   LINDEBD 1326.90   2.30 0.17%   LRGLOBMF1 7.20   0.00 0.00%   MAKSONSPIN 9.10   0.10 1.11%   MALEKSPIN 18.20   0.20 1.11%   MARICO 1035.50   5.60 0.54%   MATINSPINN 41.00   0.50 1.23%   MBL1STMF 7.60   -0.10 -1.30%   MEGCONMILK 10.50   -0.30 -2.78%   MEGHNACEM 109.00   -1.10 -1.00%   MEGHNALIFE 57.90   0.60 1.05%   MEGHNAPET 9.00   0.00 0.00%   MERCANBANK 14.80   -0.10 -0.67%   MERCINS 16.90   -0.20 -1.17%   METROSPIN 8.50   0.10 1.19%   MHSML   -0.50   MICEMENT 85.00   0.20 0.24%   MIDASFIN 25.40   -1.20 -4.51%   MIRACLEIND 59.90   1.10 1.87%   MITHUNKNIT 57.60   0.00 0.00%   MJLBD   -0.70   MODERNDYE 191.80   5.20 2.79%   MONNOCERA 43.30   -0.80 -1.81%   MONNOSTAF 566.00   -5.70 -1.00%   MPETROLEUM 178.30   1.20 0.68%   MTB   -0.20   NATLIFEINS 186.10   -0.90 -0.48%   NAVANACNG 80.40   3.50 4.55%   NBL   0.50   NCCBANK 14.20   0.70 5.19%   NCCBLMF1 7.40   0.00 0.00%   NFML   -0.30   NHFIL   1.60   NITOLINS 24.30   0.30 1.25%   NLI1STMF 12.80   -0.20 -1.54%   NORTHERN 233.30   -9.40 -3.87%   NORTHRNINS 21.10   0.40 1.93%   NPOLYMAR 76.00   -0.20 -0.26%   NTC   16.20   NTLTUBES 134.10   -6.90 -4.89%   OAL   0.50   OLYMPIC 309.00   0.30 0.10%   ONEBANKLTD 17.60   0.20 1.15%   ORIONINFU 61.10   -0.20 -0.33%   ORIONPHARM 43.00   -0.10 -0.23%   PADMALIFE 31.80   0.10 0.32%   PADMAOIL 186.00   0.10 0.05%   PARAMOUNT 19.20   0.00 0.00%   PENINSULA 39.00   1.50 4.00%   PEOPLESINS 19.00   0.20 1.06%   PF1STMF 6.90   0.20 2.99%   PHARMAID 252.60   1.30 0.52%   PHENIXINS 26.50   -0.20 -0.75%   PHOENIXFIN 27.40   0.30 1.11%   PHPMF1 5.60   0.10 1.82%   PIONEERINS 31.60   0.90 2.93%   PLFSL   0.00   POPULAR1MF 5.70   0.10 1.79%   POPULARLIF 73.50   0.90 1.24%   POWERGRID 56.00   -1.40 -2.44%   PRAGATIINS 28.80   0.90 3.23%   PRAGATILIF 106.00   3.10 3.01%   PREMIERBAN 9.90   0.10 1.02%   PREMIERCEM 88.90   0.60 0.68%   PREMIERLEA 13.80   -0.20 -1.43%   PRIME1ICBA 6.10   0.00 0.00%   PRIMEBANK 17.80   0.10 0.56%   PRIMEFIN 10.30   0.10 0.98%   PRIMEINSUR 18.80   -0.20 -1.05%   PRIMELIFE 64.90   -0.50 -0.76%   PRIMETEX 23.60   0.60 2.61%   PROGRESLIF 55.00   0.00 0.00%   PROVATIINS 17.80   -0.40 -2.20%   PTL   -0.90   PUBALIBANK 24.10   0.30 1.26%   PURABIGEN 17.30   -0.40 -2.26%   QSMDRYCELL 95.30   -0.10 -0.10%   RAHIMAFOOD 133.00   11.40 9.38%   RAHIMTEXT 246.20   -9.00 -3.53%   RAKCERAMIC 63.10   0.30 0.48%   RANFOUNDRY 125.70   11.40 9.97%   RDFOOD 18.30   -0.10 -0.54%   RECKITTBEN 1555.00   4.60 0.30%   REGENTTEX 17.10   0.00 0.00%   RELIANCE1 9.80   0.50 5.38%   RELIANCINS 48.50   -1.90 -3.77%   RENATA 1101.00   -1.20 -0.11%   RENWICKJA 680.00   28.00 4.29%   REPUBLIC 24.00   0.00 0.00%   RNSPIN 28.80   -1.70 -5.57%   RSRMSTEEL 84.70   5.90 7.49%   RUPALIBANK 26.40   0.10 0.38%   RUPALIINS 19.00   0.00 0.00%   RUPALILIFE 42.00   1.40 3.45%   SAFKOSPINN 14.40   0.00 0.00%   SAIFPOWER 54.60   1.50 2.82%   SAIHAMCOT 17.10   0.00 0.00%   SAIHAMTEX 16.10   -0.20 -1.23%   SALAMCRST 42.60   -2.10 -4.70%   SALVOCHEM 17.20   -0.50 -2.82%   SAMATALETH 31.50   0.10 0.32%   SAMORITA 82.90   -2.50 -2.93%   SANDHANINS 37.00   0.90 2.49%   SAPORTL 50.40   -0.30 -0.59%   SAVAREFR 55.50   0.80 1.46%   SEBL1STMF 12.00   0.00 0.00%   SEMLLECMF 10.40   -0.10 -0.95%   SHAHJABANK 14.70   0.10 0.68%   SHASHADNIM 73.60   0.50 0.68%   SHURWID 13.50   -0.10 -0.74%   SHYAMPSUG 23.50   1.40 6.33%   SIBL   0.20   SIMTEX 22.50   -0.10 -0.44%   SINGERBD 195.00   -1.70 -0.86%   SINOBANGLA 29.40   -0.10 -0.34%   SONALIANSH 196.50   -1.20 -0.61%   SONARBAINS 18.00   0.20 1.12%   SONARGAON 12.30   -0.20 -1.60%   SOUTHEASTB 18.60   0.10 0.54%   SPCERAMICS 12.10   0.30 2.54%   SPCL   -2.00   SQUARETEXT 69.90   -0.50 -0.71%   SQURPHARMA 252.50   -1.20 -0.47%   STANCERAM 55.60   -0.20 -0.36%   STANDARINS 18.00   0.20 1.12%   STANDBANKL 12.10   0.20 1.68%   STYLECRAFT 1490.00   9.60 0.65%   SUMITPOWER 40.70   1.50 3.83%   SUNLIFEINS 23.70   0.10 0.42%   TAKAFULINS 17.70   -0.20 -1.12%   TALLUSPIN 11.30   0.40 3.67%   TITASGAS 50.60   -0.30 -0.59%   TOSRIFA 21.50   -0.40 -1.83%   TRUSTB1MF 6.00   0.00 0.00%   TRUSTBANK 23.60   0.10 0.43%   TUNGHAI 12.80   -0.40 -3.03%   UCB   0.10   UNIONCAP 20.80   -0.30 -1.42%   UNIQUEHRL 57.70   2.30 4.15%   UNITEDAIR 6.90   0.60 9.52%   UNITEDFIN 25.10   0.30 1.21%   UNITEDINS 26.90   0.40 1.51%   UPGDCL 145.10   -2.80 -1.89%   USMANIAGL 92.30   -0.70 -0.75%   UTTARABANK 24.50   0.10 0.41%   UTTARAFIN 61.00   0.50 0.83%   VAMLBDMF1 9.30   0.00 0.00%   VAMLRBBF 8.70   0.10 1.16%   WATACHEM 174.50   1.10 0.63%   WMSHIPYARD 33.50   0.10 0.30%   YPL   -0.30   ZAHEENSPIN 23.00   -0.10 -0.43%   ZAHINTEX 19.30   -0.20 -1.03%   ZEALBANGLA 36.60   0.60 1.67%   Latest News All-time high equity fund inflow in 2016 Metro rail project delay prompts RHD to seek fund diversion 'New management to protect IBBL reputation' Move to turn PKB into a scheduled bank hits snags Strings tie state guarantee for BPC borrowing Tenders soon to buy 10 cranes for Ctg Port DNCC Market shops reopen 50 face lawsuit over idol vandalism in Tungipara Soaring land prices and graft Stocks extend bull run for 10 weeks Record groundnut production likely in Rangpur TIME - 07:50 am National Metro rail project delay prompts RHD to seek Economy India sees economy losing momentum World India resists WB move to resolve Indus Water Stock Stocks extend bull run for 10 weeks Country will be free of militants: Home minister TOP NEWS Nasirnagar attack: Police seek remand for ‘prime accused’ Cafe attack mastermind killed US ‘identifies Russian hacking agents’ 33 prisoners die in new Brazil prison riot 10 foresters injured in Rohingya attack Veteran actor Om Puri dies aged 66 2 die as picnic bus falls into ditch US spy chief pledges Putin motive BD peacekeeper killed in CAR clash Bigger bank board is no guarantee of profitability: Study All-time high equity fund inflow in 2016 January 6, 2017, 11:56 pm Bangladesh attracted all-time high equity fund worth US$84 million in 2016, while nearly $9.0 million in bonds, both witnessing strong rebound from negative territory in 2015. The equity inflow in 2015 was negative at $55.57 million and bond also in the Read more 'New management to protect IBBL reputation' January 6, 2017, 11:53 pm As the Islami Bank Bangladesh Limited (IBBL) went through a major management change Thursday last, its new helmsmen hoped for further advancement of the country's largest private bank. "Though it is too early to comment, I have been elected chairman from Read more Economy Brexit predictions were wrong, says Bank of England economist The Bank of England's chief economist says forecasters got it wrong when they predicted a sharp economic downturn if Britain voted to leave the European Union, reports AP. Andy Haldane says the country's strong economic performance since the June referendum has been a surprise, and the economic forecasting profession "is to some degree in crisis." Before the referendum, many forecasters said a vote to leave the EU could cause the pound to fall by as much as 20 percent and push the economy back into recession. The pound did plummet, but other economic indicators remain strong. Speaking Thursday at an Institute for Government event, Eurozone economy sees proof of pickup January 6, 2017, 5:04 pm Digital hundi comes into play as remittance evades formal channel January 6, 2017, 12:31 am H2 monetary policy may boost credit to productive sectors January 6, 2017, 12:27 am BR to seek addl allocation for mega projects January 6, 2017, 12:26 am Vietnamese optimistic about economic prospects in 2017 January 5, 2017, 5:34 pm Finance Move to turn PKB into a scheduled bank hits snags The process of converting Probashi Kalyan Bank (PKB) into a scheduled bank by raising its paid-up capital up to Tk 4.0 billion has hit snags as finance division cannot give required funds in accordance with the existing law. The expatriates welfare Current account deficit worst Global banking regulators postpone approval of new rules Foreign aid disbursement drops 'Getting sufficient investment a major challenge in 2017' Editorial Soaring land prices and graft The claim that land as a valuable resource remains at Soaring land prices and graft The claim that land as a valuable resource remains at Op-Ed The dying Shitalakhya BANGLADESH is a riverine country. Around 153 rivers are flowing The dying Shitalakhya BANGLADESH is a riverine country. Around 153 rivers are flowing No half fare for students OF late, bus fares have been raised. Increased bus fare No half fare for students OF late, bus fares have been raised. Increased bus fare Getting ready for the worst A mild tremor, measuring 5.7 on the Richter scale, shook Getting ready for the worst A mild tremor, measuring 5.7 on the Richter scale, shook Stock Govt gives until Tuesday to report on SoEs' share offloading The finance ministry has directed the authorities concerned to report the progress in offloading shares of the state-owned enterprises (SoEs) Beximco leads DSE turnover chart India ends near two-month high US flat day after Fed flags inflation risk Stocks retain bullish trend as optimistic investors continue buying spree SE Asian stocks rise Taiwan stocks hit three-week high Stocks extend winning run for 10th day US shares end higher National BGB detains BSF man in Sunamganj for intrusion   Members of Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB) detained an Indian Border Security Force (BSF) man along Narayantola border in Sunamganj Sadar upazila for intruding into the Bangladesh territory. The detainee was identified as Chandra Prokash. Lt Col Nasir Uddin, commanding officer of BGB-28 battalion, said BGB detained Chandra along with a wireless set and a firearm from near pillar-1216 around 1 pm while Titas Gas snaps 66,904 illegal connections in December Missing man found dead in Priojpur Case filed after vandalism of idols in Gopalganj ACC warns its corrupt officials of stern action PM congratulates new Swiss president Benapole road crash kills schoolboy Ex-minister to be laid to rest Friday Satkhira police nab 28 Trade and Market Strings tie state guarantee for BPC borrowing The government has agreed to provide state counter-guarantee tied with tough strings for Bangladesh Petroleum Corporation (BPC) to borrow US$50 million from ITFC to import fuel oils, officials said. Under one of the four conditions binding the surety, the state-run corporation has to mandatorily pay Tk 30 billion immediately to the exchequer against its outstanding debt of Tk 274 billion to Tenders soon to buy 10 cranes for Ctg Port DNCC Market shops reopen Record groundnut production likely in Rangpur S Korean Volkswagen executive gets jail term Oil steady after supply cut Trump threatens Toyota with hefty tariffs Climate change, inequality get entangled in vicious circle :UN Ericsson deepens Cisco tie-up to combine Wi-Fi, mobile networks World BD, Pak nationals on strike in India jail JAIPUR, Jan 06 (PTI): Nine foreign nationals, including four Bangladeshis, are on a hunger strike in Alwar jail's detention centre here since the last two days demanding they be immediately released as they have completed their prison term. "Nine persons, including five Pakistanis, have launched hunger strike 2 days ago demanding their release. The process to seek approval for their release from the Ministry of Indian Home Affairs and Ministry of External Affairs is under way and they have been informed ... Trump slams media over border wall report  Russia starts to withdraw forces from Syria Will Trump accept US intelligence assessment on Russia hacking? : CBS Sci-tech Razer gaming laptop has three screens! Gaming PC maker Razer unveiled a concept laptop with three 4K screens at the CES tech show in Las Vegas. The Apple may not get special tax incentives in India Weather likely to remain dry Intel to take stake in HERE Education Islamic University reopens Saturday The classes and examinations of Islamic University (IU) will resume on Saturday, after a 10-day winter vacation. The academic and administrative activities of the university remained closed since December 25 due to its winter vacation, according to a news agency. ZR   ... Conference on common future Freelance jobs drive productivity among youths Innovators win prize for intelligent electronic aid Sports Taskin gets call for Test squad Young paceman Taskin Ahmed has got call for the Test squad for the first while Mushfiqur Rahim has makes a Munro ton fires Kiwis to series win Mahrez named African POTY Bilbao beat bumbling Barcelona 2-1 Health Dementia ‘higher near roads’ People living near major roads have higher rates of dementia, a study suggests. About 10 per cent of dementia cases in China spending $9b to topple US in genetic testing Burger King to curb antibiotics in chicken Healthcare spending for US kids up 56pc in 20 yrs Entertainment Janet Jackson, 50, gives birth to a boy Singer Janet Jackson has at the age of 50 given birth to her first child, a baby boy, her publicist ‘Dangal’ breaks yet another record Jasimuddin’s birth anniversary today Twitter to live stream Burj Khalifa's New Year celebration Politics BNP now wants Nayapaltan for Saturday’s rally BNP on Friday urged the government to allow it to hold its planned rally at least in front of its BNP plotting to topple govt: Obaidul Quader AL-BNP clash hurts several activists in Barisal Hartal observed in Sundarganj Country 50 face lawsuit over idol vandalism in Tungipara GOPALGANJ, Jan 6 (UNB):A case was filed against 50 people in connection with the vandalising of 20 idols at three temples in Jamai Bazar Dhumuria area of Tungipara upazila. Sukhmoy Bain, former chairman of Dumuria union, filed the case against 20 identified and 30 unidentified people with Tungipara thana on Thursday night. Police also arrested three people--Sohel Sheikh, Sabur Sheikh and Torab Ali-- for their suspected involvement in the incident. Miscreants swooped on 'Durga Temple', 'Hari temple' and 'Radhagobindha temple' on Thursday morning ... Missing man found dead in Priojpur Case filed after vandalism of idols in Gopalganj Elderly man dies after falling off roof PHOTO GALLERY Police produce Dewan Atiqur Rahman Ankhi, a union parishad chairman and the prime accused in connection with the attack on Hindu houses and temples in Nasirnagar of Brahmanbaria, before a court on Friday after his arrest in Dhaka on Thursday. –bdnews24.com photo Police produce Dewan Atiqur Rahman Ankhi, a union parishad chairman and the prime accused in connection with the attack on Hindu houses and temples in Nasirnagar of Brahmanbaria, on Friday before a court after his arrest in Dhaka on Thursday. –bdnews24.com photo Vehicles are standing motionlessly in long queues at a Dhaka street on Wednesday while Bangladesh Chhatra League was celebrating its founding anniversary on Wednesday. –bdnews24.com photo President Abdul Hamid, along with the delegation of Bangladesher Samyabadi Dal, poses for a photograph after a discussion over formation of the new Election Commission at Darbar Hall of Bangabhaban on Wednesday. –UNB Photo Bangladesh Tariqat Federation (BTF) holds at a meeting with President Abdul Hamid on Tuesday at Bangabhaban. –UNB Photo more news DNCC Market shops reopen January 6, 2017, 11:48 pm Record groundnut production likely in Rangpur January 6, 2017, 9:34 pm S Korean Volkswagen executive gets jail term January 6, 2017, 9:28 pm Cultivating the positives of book distribution January 6, 2017, 8:36 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 118 ISSUES DECLINED 110 Most popular Cafe attack mastermind killed January 6, 2017, 9:42 am BR to seek addl allocation for mega projects January 6, 2017, 12:26 am Bigger bank board is no guarantee of profitability: Study January 6, 2017, 12:33 am Digital hundi comes into play as remittance evades formal channel January 6, 2017, 12:31 am Unchanged Bangladesh bowl first January 6, 2017, 8:44 am H2 monetary policy may boost credit to productive sectors January 6, 2017, 12:27 am Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG RANFOUNDRY 114.30 125.70 114.80 125.60 9.89 HRTEX 32.50 35.70 32.80 35.60 9.54 RSRMSTEEL 78.80 85.50 79.50 84.50 7.23 RENWICKJA 652.00 699.80 665.00 691.30 6.03 IFADAUTOS 107.10 114.40 107.50 113.10 5.60 LANKABAFIN 35.80 37.80 35.70 37.70 5.31 BEXIMCO 29.00 30.90 28.80 30.40 4.83 LIBRAINFU 497.80 525.00 499.90 521.70 4.80 CONTININS 21.60 22.80 20.20 22.60 4.63 NCCBANK 13.50 14.30 13.30 14.10 4.44 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation CONTININS 20.20 22.80 20.20 22.80 12.87 RANFOUNDRY 115.10 125.70 114.80 125.70 9.21 HRTEX 32.80 35.70 32.80 35.40 7.93 RSRMSTEEL 79.50 85.50 79.50 84.70 6.54 IPDC 40.80 43.80 40.80 43.30 6.13 GREENDELT 49.50 53.40 49.50 52.50 6.06 LANKABAFIN 35.80 37.80 35.70 37.80 5.59 IFIC1STMF 5.50 5.80 5.50 5.80 5.46 NCCBANK 13.50 14.30 13.30 14.20 5.19 EBL1STMF 6.50 6.80 6.50 6.80 4.62 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG SALAMCRST 44.70 45.00 42.00 42.30 -5.37 RNSPIN 30.50 31.70 27.90 28.90 -5.25 SAMORITA 85.40 86.40 80.70 81.40 -4.68 NTLTUBES 141.00 143.90 133.90 134.80 -4.40 PTL 21.20 21.60 20.20 20.30 -4.25 DSHGARME 319.60 322.20 304.00 306.40 -4.13 SONARGAON 12.50 12.60 11.70 12.00 -4.00 DESCO 52.60 52.90 50.20 50.60 -3.80 MEGCONMILK 10.80 10.60 9.80 10.40 -3.70 GHCL 42.40 42.40 40.60 40.90 -3.54 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation RNSPIN 31.50 31.70 27.90 28.80 -8.57 SEMLLECMF 11.30 11.30 10.20 10.40 -7.97 IMAMBUTTON 20.30 20.30 18.80 19.00 -6.40 NTLTUBES 142.00 143.90 133.90 134.10 -5.56 NORTHERN 246.90 247.20 233.30 233.30 -5.51 DSHGARME 321.00 322.20 304.00 304.00 -5.30 ALLTEX 15.30 15.50 13.50 14.50 -5.23 RELIANCINS 51.00 51.00 48.50 48.50 -4.90 AFCAGRO 57.50 57.70 54.60 54.80 -4.70 PTL 21.30 21.60 20.20 20.30 -4.70 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 20072008200920102011201220132014201520162017 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved Powered by :
Home Advertise Sponsorship Donate About Team Services News agency Vacancies Contact Us Videos Articles #Verhofstadt to run for #EuropeanParliament president - Former Belgian prime minister Guy Verhofstadt (pictured... ow.ly/CFLM508jgos About an hour ago from EU Reporter's Twitter via Hootsuite The race to become next President of the European Parliament heats up ow.ly/gPr6508i0dR About 12 hours ago from EU Reporter's Twitter via Hootsuite S&D Group: ‘PANA committee must have full access to documents on past tax practices’ ow.ly/izq8508hMkS About 14 hours ago from EU Reporter's Twitter via Hootsuite MEPs to quiz Commissioner Oettinger on new #budget portfolio... ow.ly/TyHA508hHsL About 15 hours ago from EU Reporter's Twitter via Hootsuite Efforts to contain #Russia are failing - Dr. Lilia Shevtsova Associate Fellow, Russia and Eurasia Programme Rus... ow.ly/LMke508goXs About a day ago from EU Reporter's Twitter via Hootsuite #MarineLePen opposed to #Frexit, #ConventionMLP - In response to a direct question:”Do you want to leave the EU... ow.ly/31wu508ggaW About a day ago from EU Reporter's Twitter via Hootsuite Norway PM says UK lacks negotiating experience and fears ‘very hard #Brexit’ ow.ly/ksrp508fzcG About 2 days ago from EU Reporter's Twitter via Hootsuite Follow @eureporter Video News Featured Videos Online TV Podcasts Photo Journalism Opinion Featured Articles Brussels In View Politics Defence Economy Energy Environment Education Health Human Rights Lifestyle Animal Welfare World #AppleTax: Dear Tim Cook – you are not Mother Teresa Catherine Feore | September 3, 2016 | 0 Comments When Mr. Steve Jobs strode into the Cork plant in 1980, the workers greeted him, crying out “Top of the morning to you, sur!” A bare-footed child dressed in rags ran towards Jobs, offering him a slightly dishevelled bunch of shamrock, tied together with some old yellow twine; tears running down her emaciated face, she thanked him for investing in the god-forsaken piece of turf that is Cork, writes Catherine Feore. OK, I exaggerate a little and, while I mock, I – and my fellow countrymen – are and continue to be enormously grateful to Apple for the jobs, the desperately needed investment and the role they played in helping to transform Ireland from a rural backwater to a 20th century knowledge economy. Following the European Commission’s state aid decision (30 August) people are lining up on either side of the argument to make the case for or against Apple. In one corner, we have the US Treasury, the Irish government and Apple itself, the self-proclaimed ‘responsible corporate citizen’, dedicated tax-payer, and innocent victim of ‘obvious targeting’ by the European Commission; on the other side we have a rapacious, un-elected bureaucracy intent on stripping Apple and any other American multi-nationals of their honestly earned profits. We take a brief look at Apple’s history in Ireland and then dive in to the rights or wrongs of this rather vexed situation. 1980 In a letter to their customers – of whom I am one –  Apple reminds us that they moved to Ireland way back in 1980, back in the days when the Single European Act was just a twinkle in Jaques Delors’ eye and Irish dancing only involved leg movements. It was the year when Johnny Logan reeled in yet another Eurovision song contest victory for Ireland; thinking about it, our best export in 1980 probably was Johnny Logan. To put it mildly, Ireland was not the obvious place to invest. But a year after the entire population turned out for Pope John Paul II – the first pope to visit Ireland – Steve Jobs stepped off a plane as if in answer to our prayers; prayers that could only be answered by a Californian, Zen Buddhist, high-tech entrepreneur. 1991 Roll forward to 1991, the little girl is about to graduate in IT at the thriving campus of University College Cork and she is hoping that by 1996 her parents will be able to legally seek a divorce. Things are not going so badly in Ireland and in a few years’ time people will be calling us the ‘Celtic Tiger’ and voluntarily paying hard cash to watch Irish dancing. 1991 is also the year when Apple received its first tax ruling in Ireland. 2007 Ireland is over-brimming with confidence. In 2007, we agree to a second tax ruling for Apple. Just a year later, Minister of Finance, Brian Lenihan will issue a state guarantee to Ireland’s reckless banking sector and incidentally help a number of reckless banks, insurers and investors from across Europe. Our largesse knows no bounds when it comes to helping out the struggling private sector. We are willing to put several generations in hock in order to send a clear message that Ireland is always open for business. 2011 In 2011 the US Senate starts an investigation into the tax arrangements of various companies. Some busybody in Brussels gets wind of this testimony and in 2013 the EU starts its own investigation into Apple’s tax arrangements and starts checking to see if they are compatible with the European Union’s state aid law. Apple replies in a detailed statement, saying “Huh?” The US and its companies just don’t understand that one of the quid pro quos of forming a super state by consensus – rather than by civil war – is that you have to put a few safeguards in place such as state aid law – not because assistance to companies isn’t allowed, but you have to provide some justification before you go out throwing around grants, guarantees, tax dives… to companies in one sector/country/region rather than another. For our American readers, here is my ‘Dummies Guide to Illegal State Aid’, this was written in response to a decision in January on Belgian state aid, where the EU seemed to be pointing their guns at European multi-nationals. It isn’t just you, Apple! Apple testifies to the US Senate’s hearing in March 2013, they explain their reasoning behind their tax arrangements – here is a link, pay particular attention to pages 12-14. Apple’s tax arrangements as understood through Catholic teaching on Limbo Apple appears to have modelled its tax system on the Catholic Church’s teachings on Limbo: it is a state that includes the souls of infants (read company corporate tax liability) who die subject to original sin (Ireland) and without baptism (hasn’t arrived in America), and who, therefore, neither merit the beatific vision (the Irish corporate tax jurisdiction, 12.5%), nor yet are subjected to any punishment (the US corporate tax rate, 35%), because they are not guilty of any personal sin. Being free “of any personal sin” is a pretty good description of how Apple sees itself. It is worth noting that even the Catholic church – not known as an early adopter – did away with Limbo in 2007. 2013 The European Commission starts its investigation. 2016 09h30, 30 August e-mail arrives Commissioner Vestager will be addressing the press room on a competition case 12h. Surely not… It’s still the summer holiday, it is August, is nothing sacred to these people? We’ve just come back from our holidays, the Commissioners are about to go on an away-day to the seaside, for goodness sake! 12h It is the Apple decision! The US Treasury has been posturing in a very aggressive manner, saying that they will take retaliatory action against European companies; Jack Lew has obviously never dated a Dane. People mumble that the Commission will find a way to avoid a massive fine. Vestager speaks, journalists wait with bated breath… €13.5 billion or there abouts, plus interest of tax to be repaid to the Irish government Having bated our breath, there is a large collective intake of breath. It would be difficult to put a price on Apple’s contribution to Ireland’s transformation. However, the European Commission has taken a punt and they say that the value is around minus €13.5bn of unpaid corporate tax. That is a lot, ‘to be sure’. This is of course facetious, the Commission is well aware of the positive impact Apple has made to Europe in general and the Irish economy in particular. They are not as Tim Cook, Apple CEO, claims biased, it’s just that they are stuck with their rules and they have applied them in an equally savage way to European, as American companies. As an aside, Tim, it is a good idea to produce evidence if you are going to accuse someone of bias. Contrary to popular belief, the Commission has not issued a fine. They are just asking Apple to pay some tax they owe to the Irish government. In its decision, the Commission holds that EU countries cannot give selected companies tax benefits. They are upholding the well-known legal principle of ‘just being fair’, and rule that Ireland has granted illegal tax benefits to Apple, which enabled it to pay substantially less tax than other businesses over many years. Bearing in mind that the official corporate tax rate for every other company operating in Ireland is 12.5% – already one of the lowest in Europe, Apple’s effective corporate tax rate was much less than the amount paid by other businesses. For example, in 2014 they paid an effective rate of only 0.005%. Commissioner Vestager put this into context – for every million in profits, Apple paid just EUR 50 in taxes. Illustration: Dunnes Stores, well-known Irish emporium What this is not? Leave.EU has never shown a strong interest in the facts. But just to say what this is not, it does not mean that Ireland has to choose between low company taxes and EU partnership. It has nothing to do with this. Ireland’s corporate tax rate is 12.5%. This is one of the lowest corporate tax rates in Europe. The Commission is not doing anything to change this. Why this matters It also worth remembering at this point what we pay taxes for and why – within the bounds of reason – they are a good thing: If you want the brightest and the best you have to have a well-funded public education system. If you want roads, rail, airports to transport your goods you need decent publicly funded infrastructure. If you want companies like Apple to emerge you have to invest in basic research. Basic health, bin collection, law and order… These are things we all pay for because we believe them to be for the common good and also because it is economically more efficient to pay for most of them collectively. However, there is a particular area of significance to Apple and that is publicly-funded basic research. So, Tim Cook, you are not Mother Teresa, we are just asking you to pay your dues. You have done well, we applaud this and wish you further success; but Europe’s vision is not the iPhone 7, we want to use our taxes – at least, in part – to invest in our future, to start the Apples of the future, to meet the challenges of the future and to create the jobs and growth of the future. Background – Some of the ‘arguments’ You are picking on us Apple argue, or should I say accuse the Commission of picking on them. I say accuse, as they haven’t bothered to come up with any supporting evidence. The US Treasury say the agreement was not selective. The Commission argue that a tax ruling with one company – not even a type of company, or a particular sector – is about as selective as you can possibly get. Sure everyone was doing it Ireland compared to some countries was not issuing many tax rulings – this wasn’t something that was offered to any Tom, Dick or Harry. Tax rulings, per se, are allowed but they have to be done within the law. If Ireland was after legal certainty they could have asked the Commission, this process is called ‘notification’. European multi-nationals have also been pulled up in similar – if not quite so generous – cases. We knew naawthing! State aid rules have been around for some time, 1958 to be precise. The, we knew nothing defence, is not considered to be a solid one. As Jean-Claude Juncker might say ‘Ignorantia juris non excusat’ or, not knowing about the law is not a defence. It certainly isn’t a defence when – it looks a bit fishy. ‘At its root, the Commission’s case is not about how much Apple pays in taxes. It is about which government collects the money,’: Tim Cook Now you are getting into the swing of it Tim, it doesn’t have much to do with how much Apple pay in taxes, it is about where those taxes are payable. The Commission have said that you have to pay where the profits are made, current arrangements suggest that that is in Ireland. The EU also hints that the US may want to revisit this, but the EU cannot interfere with US tax authorities, this is up to them. The Commission does some further heavy-handed hinting that other jurisdictions might want to use the information uncovered by their investigation to ask Apple to pay more tax on profits of the two companies over the same period, under their national taxation rules. Please note, the European Commission will not see a penny of this tax. The EU is not prepared to speculate on how much this might amount to and say that it is outside their control, being a question for national sovereign tax rules. That’s right LEAVE.EU, the Commission are respecting your sovereignty. While the Commission is broadly agreeing with Tim Cook, it is leaving the ball(s) in the court of national administrations to let them decide whether or not to pursue claims on the recovered €13.5bn plus interest. ‘In Apple’s case, nearly all of our research and development takes place in California, so the vast majority of our profits are taxed in the United States.’: Tim Cook Correct. Should you maybe be paying more in the US? Well, probably. Over to you. Comments Facebook comments Tags: featured, full-image Category: Banking, Economy, EU, European Commission, featured, Featured Article, Frontpage, Ireland, Opinion, Science, US, World Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website « #CETA: ‘If people want a double-check, let’s do it’ UK’s May tells #Putin she wants ‘frank and open’ dialogue with #Russia » Sponsored Link Find us on Facebook Latest Twitter Tweets by @eureporter Donate via PayPal Make a Donation to EU Reporter Now News Categories Business Defence Economy Education Energy Environment Eurozone Health Lifestyle Magazine Politics World Subscribe to our newsletter Enter your email address below to receive updates each time we publish new content. About EU Reporter EU Reporter is an online web site, online TV channel and monthly magazine published in digital format, with breaking news, incisive analysis and independent provocative comment on EU affairs... read more » Information & Policies Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Sitemap Search EU Reporter Looking for something in particular? Try the search feature below © 2017 EU Reporter. All rights reserved.
nechronicleLoad mobile navigation News Latest News North East News Traffic & Travel TV News Celebs History Crime Politics Education Health Property Motors UK & World News News OpinionExpand What's On Latest What's On Things To Do Family & Kids Food & Drink Comedy Music & Nightlife Arts & Culture Film ShoppingExpand Business Business News Commercial Property Farming Business OpinionExpand Newcastle United Sunderland AFC Sport Latest Sport Football Newcastle United Sunderland AFC Cricket Speedway Basketball Athletics Other Sport Fantasy FootballExpand In Your Area County Durham Gateshead Newcastle upon Tyne North Tyneside Northumberland South Tyneside Sunderland See all locationsExpand Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory BuySell Family Notices Dating Book an Ad Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror North East Home News North East News Apple NewsOpinion We wouldn't be so silly as as to mortgage our country to greedy multi-nationals, would we? Newcastle headteacher Bernard Trafford on how Ireland has fallen into a tax trap - and how the UK must not do the same  Share  Comments ByBernard Trafford 13:30, 3 SEP 2016 NewsOpinion A map of Ireland beside the Apple logo, as the tech giant vowed to overturn a record 13 billion euro (£11.1 billion) bill after European chiefs found it had a sweetheart tax deal in Ireland (Photo: Niall Carson/PA Wire)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email What a good job we’re about to “get our country back” – subject to our politicians working out how to do Brexit. Once out, we won’t have to put up with the kind of monstrous intrusion that Ireland’s suffering right now. Brussels has pronounced: Ireland’s cosy tax arrangement with the Apple Corporation, characterised as a sweetheart deal, has been declared illegal. The Irish government’s unhappy. It denies there’s any deal and claims Apple has always paid the 12.5% corporation tax that any business must in Ireland. Brussels contests that Apple has paid nothing of the sort and that the firm’s so-called headquarters in Ireland is a sham, without premises or employees. European officials referred on Tuesday to aggressive tax avoidance: they’re moving to stamp it out. We might sympathise with Ireland. Its economy, in meltdown after the credit crunch, is now recovering strongly. The presence (and employing power) of global businesses such as Apple keep the economy ticking over. Brussels, on the other hand, says that any special deal on tax amounts to a state subsidy: that’s anti-competitive, and against the rules of the free trade area. Is this just another example of the European Union overreaching itself and bossing its members around? Surely individual countries must decide how best to do business with multinationals? The UK isn’t immune to temptation. Super-rich individuals and large corporations have, time and again, received favourable treatment from HMRC. There have been well-publicised reports of absurdly generous deals cut. A pragmatist might argue it’s better to get at least some money, rather than see the battles rolling on and on. But that’s a potentially dangerous line to take. In the end, we risk robbing ourselves as a country while simultaneously encouraging the super-rich and the enormous to invest huge sums (lawyers’ and accountants’ fees) in constantly developing new ways of avoiding tax. That leaves all of us the poorer, apart from the fat cats. Left-wing columnist Owen Jones and I don’t have much in common politically. But he was on the money, writing in Tuesday’s Guardian: we all lose out, he insisted, when we allow tax evasion, whether by lazily failing to chase illegal avoidance, or by allowing rules to be circumvented. When big tax bills are dodged, the country’s revenue is smaller: then we have to cut public services, slash council budgets and suffer austerity – because the big boys (I wonder why it’s the male gender?) get away with it. Jones is right. At bottom, in a prosperous country where people and businesses are earning, the tax take is greater, allowing the state to provide better services. It is, of course, the argument against former Chancellor George Osborne’s austerity: it also counters those who, by contrast, would see government spend ever more on benefits and grand projects without stimulating a matching growth in earned, taxable, income. I should demand that ordinary people like me make a stand. I didn’t know Apple were behaving in a way I find reprehensible: I use an iPhone and a MacBook. But, if I’m honest, I’m not about to give up my Apple products. Other major corporations such as Amazon have also been roundly criticised for paying derisory sums in tax. Yet I still buy books and CDs (or their digital alternatives) through that website: it’s just so convenient. The battle between Ireland, Apple and Brussels will rage for some time and arouse strong emotions. As Brexit gets under way, will our government feel the temptation to cut deals with multi-nationals, untrammelled by Europe’s bureaucratic requirements? For my part, I’m in favour of Brussels trying to uphold fair tax laws across a trading area of 500m consumers. I’d rather finance that bureaucracy than be screwed by a corporation with more economic muscle than a whole nation. I just hope we don’t “get our country back”, only to mortgage it to greedy multi-nationals. We wouldn’t be that stupid. Would we? Dr Bernard Trafford is Headmaster of Newcastle’s Royal Grammar School. The views expressed here are personal. @bernardtrafford Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @EveningChron Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Apple European Union Sunday Sun News all Most Read Most Recent CourtsLocked up and behind bars: 21 North East offenders who were jailed last month A gallery of North East offenders who were convicted and jailed at courts around our region throughout December 2016 North Shields'Her insides turned to stone': Family's heartbreak at losing North Shields daughter to rare illness Tragic Nichola Wenn, from North Shields, died after suffering with a little known form of systemic scleroderma for several years Seaton SluiceWhitley Bay woman brands her uncle a 'monster' as he's jailed for sexually abusing her as a child Former Merchant Navy man David Sime, of Seaton Sluice, was found guilty of two offences of indecency with a child and has been locked up Heaton Manor SchoolMystery and shock surrounds sudden resignation of head teacher at Newcastle's Heaton Manor School Parents have been left confused and worried after the sudden resignation of the head at one of the city's biggest schools BykerCCTV appeal after 82-year-old has her purse snatched in Morrisons in Byker Police want to identify a woman following the theft of a pensioner's purse in the Shields Road supermarket Seaton SluiceWhitley Bay woman brands her uncle a 'monster' as he's jailed for sexually abusing her as a child Former Merchant Navy man David Sime, of Seaton Sluice, was found guilty of two offences of indecency with a child and has been locked up In The NewsMiami Fort Lauderdale airport shootings: Is it safe to travel to Florida after latest attack? A shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport in Florida has killed five people and left eight wounded, according to local officials BlythLaptop, cash and e-cigarette stolen in Blyth gang attack on 26-year-old The victim was left injured when three men approached him on a cut between Dukes Gardens and Temple Avenue on Friday In The NewsMiami Fort Lauderdale shootings: Five dead after gunman opens fire in baggage claim area A shooting at the Terminal 2 baggage claim at Fort Lauderdale airport in Florida claimed five lives, according to local officials PropertyLook around this unique Georgian villa hidden away in its very own 'secret garden' Thinking about making the move to somewhere a bit quieter this new year? £300,000 secret garden house in Gateshead is both secluded and central Most Read Most Recent CourtsLocked up and behind bars: 21 North East offenders who were jailed last month A gallery of North East offenders who were convicted and jailed at courts around our region throughout December 2016 FA CupRafa Benitez: Newcastle allow me to 'think big' - I want to win trophies here, but it'll take time Newcastle United head to St Andrew's to take on Birmingham City in the FA Cup third round on Saturday (3pm) North Shields'Her insides turned to stone': Family's heartbreak at losing North Shields daughter to rare illness Tragic Nichola Wenn, from North Shields, died after suffering with a little known form of systemic scleroderma for several years Mike AshleyNewcastle United given £33m loan by Mike Ashley to help club cope with relegation Documents filed by Mike Ashley's firm St James Holdings show the multi-million pound facility was made available last month Seaton SluiceWhitley Bay woman brands her uncle a 'monster' as he's jailed for sexually abusing her as a child Former Merchant Navy man David Sime, of Seaton Sluice, was found guilty of two offences of indecency with a child and has been locked up David MoyesSunderland’s recent home form is a clear sign of progress, says David Moyes Sunderland have lost just one of their last five home games but must, Moyes says, continue to strive to improve Sunderland AFCSunderland have shown their determination to retain their prize assets - David Moyes Moyes maintains the likes of Jermain Defoe and Jordan Pickford are not for sale, and says Sunderland are intent only on building FA CupRafa Benitez: Newcastle allow me to 'think big' - I want to win trophies here, but it'll take time Newcastle United head to St Andrew's to take on Birmingham City in the FA Cup third round on Saturday (3pm) Fab FlournoyNewcastle Eagles 116 Cheshire Phoenix 93: Eagles get 2017 off to a flying start Packed weekend under way in style at Sport Central as Eagles pull away from Phoenix to earn comfortable victory Seaton SluiceWhitley Bay woman brands her uncle a 'monster' as he's jailed for sexually abusing her as a child Former Merchant Navy man David Sime, of Seaton Sluice, was found guilty of two offences of indecency with a child and has been locked up Top Stories Seaton SluiceWhitley Bay woman brands her uncle a 'monster' as he's jailed for sexually abusing her as a child Former Merchant Navy man David Sime, of Seaton Sluice, was found guilty of two offences of indecency with a child and has been locked up North Shields'Her insides turned to stone': Family's heartbreak at losing North Shields daughter to rare illness Tragic Nichola Wenn, from North Shields, died after suffering with a little known form of systemic scleroderma for several years In The NewsMiami Fort Lauderdale shootings: 'Multiple dead' after gunman opens fire at Florida airport A shooting at the Terminal 2 baggage claim at Fort Lauderdale airport in Florida has killed multiple people, according to local officials BlythLaptop, cash and e-cigarette stolen in Blyth gang attack on 26-year-old The victim was left injured when three men approached him on a cut between Dukes Gardens and Temple Avenue on Friday Paul DummettPaul Dummett explains why he'll always be grateful to Gateshead for 2012 loan stint Paul Dummett could well have joined many of the ex-Newcastle youth team players in non-league or out of the game without the Heed In The NewsMiami Fort Lauderdale airport shootings: Is it safe to travel to Florida after latest attack? A shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport in Florida has killed five people and left eight wounded, according to local officials CourtsLocked up and behind bars: 21 North East offenders who were jailed last month A gallery of North East offenders who were convicted and jailed at courts around our region throughout December 2016 Mike AshleyNewcastle United given £33m loan by Mike Ashley to help club cope with relegation Documents filed by Mike Ashley's firm St James Holdings show the multi-million pound facility was made available last month County DurhamMum returns to supermarket spot where she collapsed in front of her children on Christmas Eve The Durham mum enjoyed an emotional reunion with the people who saved her life at Sainsbury's in the Arnison Centre Labour Party'Labour don't stand a cat in hell's chance' - Northumberland Labour councillor's outburst Kathy Graham claims voters have told her on the doorstep they do not trust Corbyn although the Labour Party said she has been deselected WashingtonFresh hope in the search for missing Washington 58-year-old Adrian Lee Adrian Lee's family are concerned about the 58-year-old, whose car has been spotted on the Forth Bridge and in Dundee in Scotland Aleksandar MitrovicNewcastle United transfers: Rafa Benitez offers BIG Aleksandar Mitrovic update Newcastle fans have questioned why Mitrovic was left out and wonder if he will be sold, Benitez has responded in style News What's On Sport Business Follow us facebook twitter instagram Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror North East This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Saturday, January 7, 2017 Facebook Twitter RSS Navigate Home News Opinion Regions World Sports Business Special Features SPECIAL REPORTS The Sunday Times You are at:Home»News»World»Irish cabinet agrees to appeal Apple ruling Irish cabinet agrees to appeal Apple ruling 0 By AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE on September 3, 2016 World Tweet DUBLIN: Ireland’s fragile minority government agreed Friday (Saturday in Manila) to recommend an appeal against the EU’s tax ruling on Apple but said it was recalling parliament early to debate the issue. The deal overcomes a split in the cabinet surrounding the 13 billion euros ($15 billion) plus interest that the EU says Apple owes in back taxes, putting Ireland at the centre of a row between Europe and the United States. Apple chief Tim Cook has urged the government to appeal against the ruling to secure future investments but opinion polls have shown public support for Ireland taking the money and spending it on social services. “The government has decided unanimously to bring an appeal before the European courts to challenge the European Commission’s decision on the Apple state aid case,” Finance Minister Michael Noonan told reporters. “I believe that there are some very important principles at stake in this case and that a robust legal challenge before the courts is essential to defend Ireland’s interests,” he said. “The full amount of tax was paid in this case and no state aid was provided. Ireland did not give favorable tax treatment to Apple,” he said. But Mary Lou McDonald, deputy leader of the opposition Sinn Fein party, said allowing Apple to avoid a tax payment was an “obscenity.” “It’s an agenda that has nothing to do with standing by the people of Ireland. What it demonstrates is an absolute disregard and disdain for citizens, fair play and tax justice,” she said. Parliament will meet for a special session next Wednesday, ahead of its scheduled return on September 27, officials said. In Brussels, a European Commission spokesperson said: “The Commission will defend its decision in court”. ‘In the public interest’ Earlier this week, three independent Irish ministers propping up the government had refused to back the appeal and said they wanted greater transparency about corporate tax arrangements for multinationals. But after the cabinet meeting, Shane Ross of the Independent Alliance said he and his colleague Finian McGrath had supported the government position. “We felt there was a state of urgency because there was uncertainty out there in the markets amongst some multinationals,” he said. “We were persuaded by the argument that it was necessary to clear up that uncertainty as soon as possible,” he said. Katherine Zappone, another dissenting independent, confirmed she too had agreed to the appeal “in the public interest.” The back taxes that the European Commission has determined the US tech giant owes are equivalent to around five percent of Ireland’s gross domestic product and almost all of its annual health budget. ‘Do the right thing’ “Ireland is caught in a dispute between the EU and US over which it has little control,” the UK-based Financial Times newspaper wrote in an editorial. “Bowing to the commission’s ruling would … be a tacit acknowledgement that there has indeed been something rotten in the low-tax regime that Dublin operates to attract multinationals,” it said. Ireland’s minority government relies on the support of the main opposition Fianna Fail party, which is likely to back the appeal in parliament. Some lawmakers believe Ireland cannot afford to undermine its tax policies, one of the main planks of a highly successful inward investment strategy that has consistently attracted the world’s top tech and pharma multinationals over the past three decades. Others say Ireland should take the money and spend it on services or build more affordable homes to deal with a housing crisis. Ireland has two months to lodge an appeal against the ruling. Fianna Fail technology spokesman James Lawless said earlier that Ireland had to appeal but admitted this would be difficult to explain to voters who wanted the money “gift-wrapped on their doorstep.” “I would be more interested in preserving Ireland’s sovereign tax status,” he said, adding: “Ireland has been caught in the crossfire between the United States and Europe.” On Thursday, Cook turned up the heat saying he believed the Irish government “would do the right thing.” “It is important the government stands strong on that because future investment for business really depends on a level of certainty,” he said. AFP Share. Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Email loading... Loading... Comments are closed. Contact Info Address: 2/F Sitio Grande Building 409 A. Soriano Avenue, Intramuros Manila 1020 Philippines Tel. : +63 (02) 524 5664 up to 67 Fax: +63 (02) 528-1729 Email: newsdesk@manilatimes.net opinion@manilatimes.net Copyright © 2010-2016 The Manila Times - All Rights Reserved. Archives Advertise Contact Us About Us
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? News Apple, Facebook CEOs, Berkshire Hathaway Lead Insider Trades Apple CEO Tim Cook sold some shares ahead of the likely unveiling of the iPhone 7. (dpa/picture-alliance/Newscom) BILL PETERS 9/03/2016 Reprints Apple (AAPL) CEO Tim Cook, Facebook (FB) CEO Mark Zuckerberg, Warren Buffet's Berkshire Hathaway (BRKB) and others were among the notable insider trades disclosed this week. Apple CEO Tim Cook sold 269,883 company shares this week worth $28.7 million. Some have speculated that Apple could unveil a new iPhone and Apple Watch at an event on Wednesday. Shares rose 0.7% to 107.73 in the stock market last week.  Apple stock is near a potential breakout at 110.33. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg sold 755,239 company shares this week worth around $95 million, money that will go toward his philanthropy efforts. The sale, the second disclosed over the past three weeks, was made via the Chan Zuckerberg Foundation and CZI Holdings, which Zuckerberg and his wife, Priscilla Chan, use to finance various causes. Zuckerberg and Chan in December vowed to donate 99% of their holdings in the social-media company to philanthropic initiatives. COO Sheryl Sandberg this week also disclosed the sale of 109,000 shares. The company this past week introduced a pinch-to-zoom feature on Instagram, its photo-sharing service. The feature is available on Apple devices and coming soon to Android devices. Shares rose 1.2% to 126.51 this week. IBD'S TAKE: Facebook is still in range from a 121.18 buy point cleared back in late July. But it's also setting up a potential 128.43 entry area from a base-on-base formation. Here's a recent base-on-base primer, and take a look at Facebook's stock chart. Phillips 66 Berkshire Hathaway continued to build up its stake in the energy giant, disclosing the purchase of 83,466 shares worth $6.5 million. The disclosure followed one for a bigger purchase last week. Phillips 66 rose 0.3% for the week. Berkshire Hathaway climbed 1.9% to its best levels in 19 months. Wal-Mart Stores Jim, Rob and Alice Walton -- who have at least a 10% stake in the retail giant and are all children of Wal-M art founder Sam Walton -- this week disclosed the sale of around 3.5 million shares made from the Walton Family Holdings Trust. Similar sales have been disclosed over the summer. The family has said that it "expects to sell Walmart shares from time to time in order to help offset possible further increases in its ownership percentage and to help fund charitable contributions." Wal-Mart has begun to step up price cuts recently, a move that could potentially weigh on smaller discount rivals like Dollar General (DG) and Dollar Tree (DLTR). Shares rose 1.9% for the week, but failed to close above the 50-day line. Ulta Beauty CEO Mary Dillon sold 51,885 company shares this week, while CFO Scott Settersten sold 10,490 shares. The specialty beauty retailer reported second-quarter results on Aug. 25 that topped Street expectations. Q3 guidance was a little cautious. Some argued that the stock had been priced for perfection, while others argued whether male investors fully understood Ulta Beauty's business.  Shares fell 3.3% for the week, sinking further below the 50-day line after tumbling 6.1% on Friday, Aug. 26. RELATED: Investing Action Plan: Apple, iPhone 7 On Tap, Among Top Techs Near Buys BILL PETERS | Facebook | @IBD_BPeters Share this: Related news CES 2017: GoPro Going Slow On Consumer 360-Degree Camera 6:09 PM ET GoPro is in no rush to release a consumer 360-degree camera, despite the proliferation of such devices on display by... 6:09 PM ET GoPro is in no rush to release a consumer 360-degree... Old Retail Gasps, As Foreign Online Retailers Rally Stocks Start 2017 With An Up Week; Goldman, Apple, Antero Climb Apple Flirts With Buy, Alphabet Breaks Out, Joining Netflix, As Big Techs Lead Will Snapchat IPO Set Stage For Stampede Of Unicorns? Nasdaq, S&P 500, Dow Hit All-Time Highs; FANG Stocks Show Some Bite Nasdaq Hits High, Nvidia Shines; Will Apple Succeed In A New Breakout? CES 2017: News From The World's Largest Consumer Tech Show After Troubled 2016 Ends On Strong Note For Mutual Funds, What's Ahead For 2017 Today's Spotlight A Look Ahead to 2017 with IBD Before we look at what's ahead in 2017, here are some of IBD's key events and enhancements in 2016 Join IBD at The Orlando MoneyShow Learn about trading fundamentals, top-performing growth stocks and more! Try SwingTrader Free – New App! Download our new App! Get instant push notifications on buy points, sell signals, and more! More News Unicorns expected to make their IPOs in 2017 include (clockwise from top left) Snapchat, Pinterest, Spotify and AppDynamics. (AP) Will Snapchat IPO Set Stage For Stampede Of Unicorns? 2017 Personal Finance Action Plan & 2016 Stock Market Review 5 Revelations to Help You Make Money on TWTR Promoted Content By VectorVest Special Report CES 2017: News From The World's Largest Consumer Tech Show See what's coming next from Amazon, Facebook, Mobileye, Nvidia & other tech leaders in reports from the show floor. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español ​Apple Watch 2: What I'd like to see Apple announce on September 7 There's still room to grow. Wearable Tech by Scott Stein September 3, 2016 5:00 AM PDT @jetscott Up Next Putin ordered campaign to influence US election, say intel agencies The Apple Watch has been around for a good long while now. It was unveiled almost exactly two years ago, and has been on sale since April 2015. Since then it's been finding its way onto a lot of wrists and frustrating a lot of people at the same time. Those frustrations -- and declining shipments -- haven't fallen on deaf ears. Back at WWDC in June, Apple already showed the world the next version of the Watch's operating system, WatchOS 3. It's about as close to a complete reboot as you could imagine. The function of the side button totally changes (it's now an app dock) and apps will now totally live on the Watch (instead of "streaming" from a tethered iPhone). There are also new social fitness features, better watch faces...and it's faster. 27 Apple Watch: A hands-on tour of Apple's first smartwatch (pictures) By itself, WatchOS 3 will give existing Apple Watch owners a good reason to pull their watches out of the drawer and give them a second chance. But with strong signs (price cuts on current models, plus published reports pointing to the announcement of an Apple Watch sequel on September 7) it's time to look at what Apple could bring to the table with new hardware. There's a lot of room to grow. The current model is an imperfect product, in a landscape of imperfect watches and fitness trackers. It's still not a must-have. And it lacks a few key features that are already in other smartwatches and fitness trackers. (One of those missing features is built-in cellular connectivity that would allow you to go iPhone-free, but it's apparently not on the docket for 2016.) I don't know what's coming, but here's what I would like to see. Apple Watch 2: The final rumors Sorting through every Apple Watch rumor we've heard ahead of Apple's official announcement. by Brian Tong 1:43 Close Drag Better battery life. Even if it means a few more hours, or hopefully an extra day, the Apple Watch could use a battery boost. Mine lasts a day and a half, roughly. But many fitness trackers last a week or more (Fitbit Blaze and Charge 2 last around five days), and some smartwatches like those from Pebble go for up to seven solid days or more. Samsung's upcoming Gear S3 is bigger but offers more battery, too. The new Apple Watch could go a similar route with a battery-boosted model. Apple's history suggests that the sequel would also be slimmer. More serious water resistance. Being swim-friendly would be great. The Apple Watch is water-resistant enough to run it under water or dunk it in a tub, but it's not recommended for showering and definitely not for swimming. Bumping water resistance at least up to IP68 (the same as the new Samsung Gear S3) would be welcome. Even better, go for 3ATM or better, which would allow swimming and swim-tracking. Pebble, Misfit and Withings, among others, already can do it. Smarter automatic fitness. Fitness trackers now tend to engage in automatic activity recognition. Fitbit, Pebble, Samsung and others can track exercises and even sleep automatically. The Apple Watch should be able to recognize and record exercise modes automatically, too. Some of WatchOS 3's Fitness features, like a new meditative Breathe mode and socially-connected fitness options, help a bit. Most people buy wrist-tech to track fitness. The Apple Watch -- for a lot of people -- is a essentially a fitness tracker, but it needs to be even better at what those dedicated trackers do. And, maybe, Apple can apply machine learning to offer up better fitness insights; it's an area that some fitness trackers and apps have dabbled in, but few have mastered. There is a lot of room for improvement should Apple debut a new watch.Photo by Sarah Tew/CNET GPS and barometer. Speaking of fitness, the Apple Watch could use GPS to track runs away from the iPhone. Many other fitness watches already do this, and so does the Gear S3. Rumors also report that the next Apple Watch will have a barometer, which could allow stair-climbing data like the Fitbit does. Sleep-tracking. A better battery could mean doing things the Apple Watch hasn't touched yet. Sleep is an obvious omission. Most fitness trackers now log sleep. Apple Watch should, too. Another bonus to tracking sleep is the ability to gather a more accurate resting heart-rate measurement, something Apple Watch also doesn't do yet. Lots of new watch faces. More specifically, a watch-face store. Sure, that's not a Watch 2-specific feature, but the Apple Watch has had a glaring lack of third-party watch faces compared to the Android Wear, Samsung Gear or even Pebble platforms. Watch faces are fun. Apple can obviously marshal big-name designers and brands to make watch faces, so where are they? Improved touch control. On the iPhone, I don't often use 3D Touch, the pressure-sensitive technology that allows gentle presses on the screen to activate different functions. But I could see it being useful on the Apple Watch. The original Apple Watch has Force Touch, not 3D Touch. The difference is that the Apple Watch's entire surface is less pressure sensitive: you can't gently press on certain parts and expect the level of fine control which 3D Touch allows. The Watch could use expanded pressure-sensitive design for a more elegant way to look at and launch apps, for instance, or act as a smart-home remote. Price cut. Apple Watch has already been heavily discounted at many retailers for as low as $250 in the US, but an even lower official price for the Sport model (say, $200) would be a lot easier to justify for many people, and would be a better competitor versus the Fitbit, Pebble and Withings devices of the world -- many of which now cost $150 or less. Or Apple could simply drop the price of the first-gen Apple Watch models and keep them around, like Apple does with previous-year iPhones. We'll know more soon enough. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Apple Event Wearable Tech Fitness 9 Design 6 Battery 7 Performance 8 Software CNET Review Apple Watch At 1-year-old and newly discounted, the Apple Watch is a study in contradictions; it's the best overall smartwatch out there, but not something you should feel compelled to buy. $549.00 See it Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Jan 6 ​Apple to invest $1B in SoftBank's tech fund Jan 5 Zagg wants you to ditch AppleCare on your iPhone for its InvisibleShield plan Jan 5 Messages on iOS 10: How to use all the crazy new features Jan 5 Apple's App Store got all your money on New Year's Day All Apple Stories Related Stories ​Lenovo's low-cost flip-up Windows VR headset shows how work might get done in VR You now see heart rate data from a Polar chest strap on your GoPro footage Fossil plans to release over 300 new connected watches in 2017 Best wearable tech of 2016 Close   Discuss: ​Apple Watch 2: What I'd like to see Apple... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Putin ordered campaign to influence US election, say intel agencies CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
dailyrecordLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Scottish News UK & World News Politics Crime Health Real Life Business & Consumer Weird News Science & TechnologyExpand Politics Football Scottish Premiership Scottish Championship Scottish Cup Betfred Cup Scotland Football Team Transfer News English Premier LeagueExpand Sport Latest Sport Football Rugby Golf Tennis Boxing DartsExpand TV & Celebs Latest Celebs Celebrity News TV & Radio News Celebrity InterviewsExpand Life & Style Scotland Now In Your Area Aberdeen Dundee Glasgow Edinburgh Inverness See all locationsExpand Business Travel Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter Motoring Property Bingo Competitions Horoscopes BuySell Dating Directory Jobs Advertising About Us Contact Us Got A Story? Local News Cookie Policy Advertising Jobs Competition Rules How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Policy Contact the Judge Sunday Mail Centenary Fund Paper Subscription to the Daily Record and Sunday Mail Paper Subscription to the Paisley Daily Express Terms and Conditions © 2016 Scottish Daily Record and Sunday Mail Ltd Home News Science & Technology Apple News iPhone 7 expected to launch at media event later today APPLE are gearing up to launch the new iPhone 7 today.  Share  Comments ByRecord Reporter 11:57, 7 SEP 2016 Updated13:14, 7 SEP 2016 News It has yet to be confirmed that the iPhone will launch on the 7th (Photo: AFP)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Apple has sent out media invitations for an event in San Francisco. The company are expected to launch the new iPhone 7 during the event, which will take place at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium later today. The invite released gives very little away, simply stating "See you on the 7th". It also features a number of translucent coloured dots outlining the top portion of Apple's logo, which may relate to the rumour that Apple is planning to introduce new coloured handsets. Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next Read More Samsung to issue global recall of Galaxy Note 7 phones on day it was due to be released in the UK after batteries catch fire In photography, this out-of-focus effect is called bokeh. It is usually hard to create with a phone camera, suggesting that the iPhone 7 could feature an upgraded camera lens. However, the dots could also be water droplets, which would be relevant if Apple was planning to launch a waterproof iPhone. (Photo: Getty) Rumours have been swirling about the iPhone 7 for many months, with numerous rumours and leaked photos adding fuel to the frenzy. The most persistent (and controversial) rumour is that Apple is going to get rid of the headphone socket . This means you will either have to buy a pair of headphones that use a Lightning cable, get an adapter, or use Bluetooth headphones - although Apple may choose to include some in the box. (Photo: YouTube/9to5Mac) There are a lot of rumours that the iPhone 7 will get a camera upgrade - but this may only apply to the 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus, not the 4.7-inch iPhone 7. The rumour is that the larger iPhone will get a dual-lens camera that will be able to snap SLR-quality photos and 3D images. Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next Read More Facebook's first satellite worth $200m DESTROYED in SpaceX test rocket explosion There has been a lot of talk about Apple removing the Home button, but the latest rumours suggest this will be a key feature of next year's model. Instead, Apple could add some pressure-sensitivity to the Home button, meaning it will perform different functions depending on how hard you press it. The latest leaked pictures suggest that Apple is going to get rid of the plastic lines that run across the back of the iPhone. These lines currently allow radio signals to pass through the metal casing and reach the antennas. However, it looks like Apple may be planning to redesign the case to get around this restriction. Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextVideo: Watch a sneak peek of Apple's Campus 2 bui Watch this video again Watch Next Video: Puppies abandoned in bucket in freezing co0:31 Video: 10 years of the iPhone - Infographic of th0:24 Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next There is some suggestion that the iPhone 7 will be waterproof . Smartphone rivals like Samsung already make waterproof phones - and this is a big selling point for people prone to clumsiness. Apple has improved the water-resistance of its devices in recent years, but it is yet to release a fully waterproof phone. (Photo: Herman Haidin) Some rumours suggest that there will no longer be a 16GB model , with the minimum storage capacity on the iPhone 7 raised to 32GB. Apple is also expected to introduce a new top-of-the-range iPhone with 256GB of storage . The phone is also expected to feature fast-charging technology - meaning your phone will get several hours of battery life from just a few minutes of charging. Read More SpaceX Falcon 9 explosion was "catastrophic abort" as aftermath video shows plumes of smoke across Cape Canaveral Finally, there have been several leaked pictures purporting to show a blue iPhone 7 , suggesting Apple may be considering different colour options. Alongside the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2 , and potentially the iPad Mini 5 and the iPad Pro 2 - although it now looks like Apple may be saving the iPads for a separate event in October . We'll be following all the build-up to the launch, as well as the event itself, on Mirror Online - so check the Technology homepage for regular updates. Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next Read More Top news stories today Vile comments about Celtic superfan Bahrain jail hell of Scots mum 'Bex is fighting hard' Gers target Jon Toral: Warbs can wait Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @Daily_Record Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Apple News all Most Read Most Recent Business & ConsumerMum and daughter arrested after only scanning cheap groceries through Asda self-service checkout while ignoring expensive items Tracey and Demi James filled their trolley at the Derby supermarket - but only paid for the cheaper items and bagged more expensive goods such as fish without scanning them UK & WorldToddler twins die just days apart after being found floating in family swimming pool during Christmas holiday Neighbour heard frantic mum screaming and raced to help perform CPR on the lifeless bodies UK & WorldFort Lauderdale Airport shooting suspect named as Esteban Santiago-Ruiz: what we know so far The shooter, who killed five people in the airport baggage claim, has been named as Esteban Santiago-Ruiz, from New Jersey but who had lived in Alaska UK & WorldBody language experts reveal how they knew child-killer Mick Philpott was lying about his guilt "Shameless Mick" betrayed telltale signs of deceit as he broke down at a press appeal over the Derby blaze, according to professors who studied footage UK & WorldHorrific footage of Fort Lauderdale Airport shooting aftermath shows screaming passengers as five people killed WARNING GRAPHIC FOOTAGE: "The casings went flying all around us," one woman says as she walks towards the camera Wishaw NewsWishaw and District Housing strike action starts as row rumbles on UNITE members say they are being forced by management to escalate strike action. Wishaw NewsSlimmer turn their lives around after dramatic weight loss ELIZABETH Mackie and Pamela Gillies now work as Slimming World Consultants. ObesityDanielle takes the plunge and loses more than five stones The Linwood mum has lost so much weight that she's taken up swimming GlasgowMilngavie murder hunt: Cops search woods near family home as fire victim's girlfriend remains in critical condition Officers from the Marine Policing Unit were seen dredging streams in woods as the investigation into the fire that killed Cameron Logan continues. Apple10 years of the Apple iPhone: Watch our video to see how it's changed over the years Monday will mark the10th anniversary of the mobile phone that took over the world. Most Read Most Recent Business & ConsumerMum and daughter arrested after only scanning cheap groceries through Asda self-service checkout while ignoring expensive items Tracey and Demi James filled their trolley at the Derby supermarket - but only paid for the cheaper items and bagged more expensive goods such as fish without scanning them SlimmingRiver City favourite Tom Urie stuns social media followers with photos that show incredible weight loss The actor, who played ‘Big Bob’ in the BBC show, has posted before and after pictures on Twitter which have stunned fans and co-stars alike. UK & WorldToddler twins die just days apart after being found floating in family swimming pool during Christmas holiday Neighbour heard frantic mum screaming and raced to help perform CPR on the lifeless bodies UK & WorldFort Lauderdale Airport shooting suspect named as Esteban Santiago-Ruiz: what we know so far The shooter, who killed five people in the airport baggage claim, has been named as Esteban Santiago-Ruiz, from New Jersey but who had lived in Alaska Scottish PremiershipTransfer news live as Celtic and Rangers plus the rest of the Premiership eye signings The January window is now in full flight and you can follow all the latest transfer wheeling and dealing LIVE right here. Rutherglen GlencairnRutherglen Glencairn v Yoker Athletic: Glens boss Willie Harvey eyes revenge in first league match of 2017 THE Glens, who lost last time out against the Whe Ho, welcome Steven Reilly's men to The Celsius Stadium this afternoon in a 1.45pm kick off. Wishaw NewsWishaw and District Housing strike action starts as row rumbles on UNITE members say they are being forced by management to escalate strike action. Wishaw NewsSlimmer turn their lives around after dramatic weight loss ELIZABETH Mackie and Pamela Gillies now work as Slimming World Consultants. Scottish Junior Football AssociationGreenock Juniors v Cambuslang Rangers: Paul McColl wants Lang back on track THE Lang are in search of an important three points away to relegation threatened Greenock this afternoon. WellbeingStylist's strands of hope: Giving women who have lost their locks confidence ASHLEIGH SIMPSON is giving women who have suffered hair loss their confidence - and their lives - back with her innovative hair replacement system that is tailored to each client's needs. Top Stories SlimmingRiver City favourite Tom Urie stuns social media followers with photos that show incredible weight loss The actor, who played ‘Big Bob’ in the BBC show, has posted before and after pictures on Twitter which have stunned fans and co-stars alike. UK & WorldHorrific footage of Fort Lauderdale Airport shooting aftermath shows screaming passengers as five people killed WARNING GRAPHIC FOOTAGE: "The casings went flying all around us," one woman says as she walks towards the camera UK & WorldBody language experts reveal how they knew child-killer Mick Philpott was lying about his guilt "Shameless Mick" betrayed telltale signs of deceit as he broke down at a press appeal over the Derby blaze, according to professors who studied footage Courts'Why did they send a fat clown like you as a hitman. Is this all I’m worth?': Crime journo tells jury how he tackled 'acid attacker' Russell Findlay tells trial he had acid thrown in his face after answering his door and that a knife and broken false teeth were left behind after stramash. Business & ConsumerMum and daughter arrested after being caught out in Asda self-service checkout scam Tracey and Demi James filled their trolley at the Derby supermarket - but only paid for the cheaper items and bagged more expensive goods such as fish without scanning them Scottish PremiershipCeltic have outgrown Scottish football and are on a different planet to the rest - Hotline David McCarthy manned the phones as Hotliners called to say that no-one will ever catch the Hoops and there's no way Moussa Dembele is worth more than £20million. Hibernian FCHibs fans to hold tribute tonight for 'inspirational' supporter who lost battle against cancer A minute's applause will be held in the 34th minute of the match against Dundee United at Easter Road in honour of Shaun McKinley. Police ScotlandSickening comments mocking Celtic superfan Jay Beatty on Rangers fan forum probed by cops Fans from both clubs hit out at online trolls who posted vile comments about the 13-year-old Celtic ambassador, who has Down's syndrome, on the RangersMedia forum.  UK & WorldToddler twins die just days apart after being found floating in family swimming pool during Christmas holiday Neighbour heard frantic mum screaming and raced to help perform CPR on the lifeless bodies Scottish PremiershipTransfer news live as Celtic and Rangers plus the rest of the Premiership eye signings The January window is now in full flight and you can follow all the latest transfer wheeling and dealing LIVE right here. UK & WorldJamie Oliver forced to close six of his Italian restaurants due to Brexit cost pressures The closures will impact 120 staff in Aberdeen, Cheltenham, Exeter, Ludgate, Richmond and Tunbridge Wells Car crashesTory toff Lord Heseltine fined for careless driving after knocking over a cyclist in his Jaguar The former deputy prime minister broke his victim's arm in four places and shattered his knees which later required plates and pins. News Sport Celebs Life & Style Follow us facebook twitter About Us Contact Us Got A Story? Local News Cookie Policy Advertising Jobs Competition Rules How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Policy Contact the Judge Sunday Mail Centenary Fund Paper Subscription to the Daily Record and Sunday Mail Paper Subscription to the Paisley Daily Express Terms and Conditions © 2016 Scottish Daily Record and Sunday Mail Ltd This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 price: Will it be cheaper in India this time? Apple iPhone 7 price: Will it be cheaper in India this time? With iPhone sales on a decline, will Apple make it cheaper than 6s to increase demand By: Tech Desk | Updated: September 8, 2016 1:34 am Apple is all set to reveal its next creation in the iPhone series on September 7 Apple has officially launched its new iPhone series today. Apple is calling the new iPhones as iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus with a design similar to iPhone 6 series. Apple’s regular iPhone 7 comes with a 4.7-inch display while the larger iPhone 7 Plus continues with 5.5-inch display. Apple is already preserving the design cards of iPhone series for next year when the device turns a decade old product. With design not being a selling point anymore, Apple is cashing in on new camera features to put the device in the hands of more users. Apple iPhone 7 now comes with upgraded storage of 32GB storage in the base model and drops 64GB in favour of 128GB and 256GB storage options. Apple has also ditched the 3.5mm headphone jack in favour of lightning connected earpods. Another big revelation was the AirPods, which is a truly wireless earbud with infrared sensor and custom-built W1 wireless chip. Click here: iPhone 7 key features and specifications   Apple iPhone 7 starts at $649 in the US and it is expected to India at a starting price of Rs 60,000. Apple has confirmed plans to launch the device in India on October 7, just in time for Diwali shopping. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Best of Express Model Code of Conduct: EC asks Govt to respond to Opposition's Budget delay demand EntertainmentOm Puri passes away after a massive heart attack, funeral at 6 pm EntertainmentDangal box office collection day 15: Aamir Khan film sets new benchmarks for industry EntertainmentSwami Om out of Bigg Boss 10 for peeing on contestants. But this is not a first on the show EntertainmentBigg Boss 10: Swami Om calls Salman Khan ISI agent, anti-national Must Read SportsKohli named captain; Yuvraj, Raina back in India squad SportsCan Yuvraj, 35, withstand rigours of ODI, T20I series? SportsRuns, tons, sixes: Pant finds a place in T20I squad TechnologySamsung Galaxy S8 design revealed as first alleged photo surfaces TechnologyCES 2017: Huawei introduces Mate 9 at $599 with Amazon Alexa integration TechnologyGoogle's Sundar Pichai to IIT-KGP students: Education needs to go beyond books LifestyleSavour home-cooked food by grandmas from around the world at this Italian eatery! Jan 07: Latest News Odisha villagers punish teacher for ‘harassing’ student Gujarat: Fearing attacks, minor rape victim’s family flees village PIOs seek more time for demonetised currency exchange Girl ‘stalked, molested’ in Bengaluru Model code of conduct: EC asks Govt to respond to Opposition’s Budget delay demand                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Europe News Ireland to join Apple in fight against EU tax ruling Saturday, 3 Sep 2016 | 7:47 AM ETReuters SHARES show chapters Irish cabinet supports appeal of EU Apple tax ruling    Friday, 2 Sep 2016 | 9:55 AM ET | 00:37 Ireland's cabinet agreed on Friday to join Apple in appealing against a multi-billion-euro back tax demand that the European Commission has imposed on the iPhone maker, despite misgivings among independents who back the fragile coalition. The Commission's ruling this week that the U.S. tech giant must pay up to 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion) to Dublin has angered Washington, which accuses the EU of trying to grab tax revenue that should go to the U.S. government. With transatlantic tensions rising, the White House said President Barack Obama would raise the issue of tax avoidance by some multinational corporations at a summit of the G-20 leading economies in China this weekend. Paradoxically, Ireland is determined not to accept the tax windfall, which would be equivalent to what it spent last year on funding its struggling health service. Finance Minister Michael Noonan has insisted Dublin would fight any adverse ruling ever since the European Union began investigating Apple's Irish tax affairs in 2014, arguing that it had to protect a tax regime that has attracted large numbers of multinational employers. show chapters Irish Fin Min: Apple paid all tax, EU overreaching    Tuesday, 30 Aug 2016 | 10:31 AM ET | 07:50 On Wednesday, he failed to persuade a group of independent lawmakers, whose support is vital for the minority government, to agree to fight the ruling by European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager that Apple's low tax arrangements in Ireland constitute illegal state aid. However, he won them over when the cabinet met again on Friday. Noonan said the retroactive nature of the EU ruling was "little short of bizarre and outrageous". "How could any foreign direct investor come into Europe if they thought the valid arrangements they made under law could be overturned a generation later and they be liable to pay back money," he said at a news conference. Public Expenditure Minister Paschal Donohoe said Dublin stood behind its corporate tax regime as a means of creating jobs. "This ruling has seismic and entirely negative consequences for job creation in the future," he said. Apple, keen to defend its own interests, has already said it will lodge an appeal. For Fine Gael, the main Irish coalition party, a broader principle is at stake. It wants to take on Brussels to safeguard Ireland's decades-old low corporate tax policy that has drawn in multinationals such as Apple, creating one in 10 jobs in what was once an impoverished country. A fair rate of tax The Independent Alliance, a group of five lawmakers, fell in line after the coalition agreed to conduct a review of what tax multinationals pay and what should they pay. Transport Minister Shane Ross, an Alliance member, defended Apple up to a point. "I think they were acting legally. What they were doing was making use of extraordinary loopholes that existed there," he told reporters. "Multinationals provide absolutely vital jobs to the economy ... (but) multinationals should pay a fair rate of tax in Ireland." A failure of the Alliance to come on board would have cast doubt on the government's survival prospects. Dublin has just over two months to lodge an appeal to the EU's General Court. If that fails, Dublin has said it plans to take the case to the European Court of Justice. The issue goes to parliament on Wednesday next week, when lawmakers will be recalled from their summer break. The main opposition party, Fianna Fail, also favors challenging Brussels, so the government should easily win the Dail's backing to fight what is by far the largest anti-competition measure imposed on a company by the EU. Some Irish voters are astounded that the government might turn down the money, and the left-wing Sinn Fein party has led attacks from the opposition. Apple was found to be holding over $181 billion in accumulated profits offshore, more than any U.S. company, in a study published last year by two left-leaning nonprofit groups, a policy critics say is designed to avoid paying U.S taxes. But Apple chief executive Tim Cook has said part of the company's 2014 tax bill would be paid next year when the company repatriates offshore profits to the United States. show chapters Cook: Apple's EU tax bill 'total political crap'    Thursday, 1 Sep 2016 | 1:13 PM ET | 04:25 Obama to take the lead The U.S. government is keen to ensure that it, and not Ireland, gets the revenue. White House spokesman Josh Earnest said leaders of the G-20 developed and emerging economies would tackle the wider issue when they meet in the Chinese city of Hangzhou on Sept. 4-5. "The president will ... lead the discussion at the G-20 about combating tax avoidance strategies that are implemented by some multinational corporations," Earnest said. "We need to find a way to make the global system of taxation more fair - more fair to countries around the world, particularly countries like the United States." Aidan Crawley | Bloomberg | Getty Images Pedestrians walk with a dog near Apple Inc.'s campus in Cork, Ireland. A number of G-20 governments are worried about how multinationals move profits around so they end up getting taxed in a country that has very low corporate rates. Last year the Organisation for Economic Co Operation and Development unveiled new measures to tackle corporate tax avoidance. A number of countries have moved to implement some of them measures, but the United States has not. It needs to change its own tax rules which, for example, allow companies to build up tax-free profits offshore. However, Congress has struggled for years to agree such reforms. Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for Trending in Apple Poll: What rumored iPhone 8 feature excites you the most? Trending in Apple Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year September 3, 2016 AAPL: 107.73 1.00 KGI: iPhone 7 to feature 2.4GHz A10 chip, IPX7 waterproofing, new 12 megapixel cameras, piano black color, more Benjamin Mayo - Sep. 3rd 2016 4:47 am PT @bzamayo Feature iPhone 7 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit A weekend report from KGI is shining some last minute details on the iPhone 7. As well as reaffirming everything we’ve already heard, such as the design resembling the iPhone 6s with tweaked antenna lines, the report includes some specific details about certain changes. KGI says that the iPhone 7 will include the new Apple A10 SoC, which will be CPU clocked at up to 2.4GHz, a dramatic increase over the existing A9 silicon. The iPhone 7 will also come in two new color options which KGI describes as “dark black” and glossy “piano black”, replacing space grey. There are also changes to the speaker system, Force Touch sensors, waterproofing and more. Many details after the jump, including an explanation of what the iPhone 7 Plus dual-camera system comprises … KGI’s Ming-Chi Kuo says that the iPhone 7 will be offered in two new case colors which are called “dark black” and “piano black”. Space Grey — as it is exists today — will be removed from the lineup meaning iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be offered in a total of five colors. The piano black is described as glossy and corroborates leaked SIM trays seen previously (pictured above). Due to low yield, piano black may only be offered exclusively on high-capacity iPhone 7 models, at least at first. In terms of the internal performance, the report claims the iPhone 7 will be powered by a new Apple A10 chip manufactured by TSMC using a new ‘InFO’ process. Apparently, this chip will be a major upgrade over the Apple A9 chip seen in the iPhone 6s with maximum clock speed hitting 2.4 GHz. The iPhone 7 screen display will also be getting an upgrade. Although size and resolution are staying the same, at 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches, the displays will ‘copy’ the visual features of the 9.7 inch iPad Pro. This means the iPhone 7 display will be able to render wide-color imagery. This will help boost the appearance of the photos taken by the new cameras in the iPhone 7. The 4.7 inch iPhone 7 camera will be getting an upgrade but this KGI report focuses on the brand-new dual camera system which will be exclusive to the iPhone 7 Plus. The report says the dual camera will enable optical zoom and ‘light field camera applications’. The dual camera is made up of a wide-angle camera and a telephoto camera. Both cameras will feature 12 megapixel sensors. The larger camera will also feature optical image stabilisation and a 6P lens. This is markedly different technology to what Huawei uses in its dual-camera adorned P9 phone — it’ll be interesting to see what Apple demos on Wednesday in regards to image quality. Apple is also including a new camera flash component in the iPhone 7 to improve photos taken in low-light situations. Apple will be boosting the number of LEDs from two to four (two cool, two warm) to create a more effective True Tone flash in the upcoming handsets. Memory and RAM will also be increased. KGI says Apple will drop the 16 GB and 64 GB offering and add 256 GB storage tier. The new lineup will feature 32 GB, 128 GB and 256 GB models. The company will also bundle an additional 1 GB of RAM for the iPhone 7 Plus which is necessary to handle with the advanced camera processing provided by the dual-camera (an iPhone 7 Plus exclusive feature). Therefore, the 5.5.inch iPhone 7 Plus will include 3 GB RAM whereas the 4.7 inch iPhone 7 will feature 2 GB RAM – the same as the iPhone 6s. Agreeing with a leaked spec sheet from a few days ago, KGI says that Apple will include Lightning EarPods and a Lightning to 3.5mm Headphone Jack adapter with every iPhone 7. This is to compensate for the lack of 3.5mm headphone jack in the hardware itself. KGI says that that space will be used to enhance the Force Touch recognition system. On the outside, it will look like a second speaker grille but it will actually house a new sensor to improve the ‘Force Touch user experience’. Apple is adding a new internal amplifier to boost sound output from the phone’s receiver. KGI also claims the proximity sensor component is also getting a upgrade (‘switching from LCD to laser’) with faster response times and longer recognition distance, with support for hand-waving gesture features. The inclusion of such gestures is not confirmed, however. The new iPhones will also be waterproof with an IPX7 rating, this is the same as the Apple Watch. This rating means the hardware will be able to withstand immersion in water up to 1 meter for up to 30 minutes. According to KGI, Apple’s high standards for waterproofing have impacted the supply chain and lowered total production of iPhone 7. It is forecasting 65 million iPhone 7 units shipped by the end of the year, a significant decrease below the 82 million level set by the iPhone 6s in the same timeframe last year. KGI blames poor assembly yield and “limited innovative selling points”. Although there are lot of changes to be seen, the analyst expects customer to focus on the new black color options, the dual camera, water resistance and the removal of the headphone jack. Stay tuned to 9to5Mac for full coverage of the iPhone 7 event, scheduled for Wednesday 7 September. We’ll have comprehensive reporting on everything Apple announces: new iPhone 7, Apple Watch 2, maybe more? Guides iPhone 7 Apple's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus were announced on 7th September 2016 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple and Others File Support for Microsoft in Fight for Government Data Access Disclosures – Mac Rumors Posted on September 2, 2016 by Mac Rumors Apple and other companies today filed friend-of-the-court briefs to support Microsoft in its legal fight with the U.S. Department of Justice. Microsoft’s lawsuit is aimed at striking down a law that prevents companies from telling customers about … Apple, others offer support in Microsoft fight to air government data requestsAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Apple, Fox News, and ACLU join Microsoft’s fight against secret data demandsZDNet Companies Back Microsoft’s Effort to Alert Users When Authorities Seek Their DataWall Street Journal BetaNews -New York Times -Bloomberg -Reuters all 14 news articles …read more wrote 24400 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Hey Alexa, what are your competitors doing? – PCWorld Apple CEO Tim Cook’s pay slumps along with iPhone sales – Washington Post Android Circuit: Galaxy S8 Launch Date Leaks, Galaxy Note Returns, Fixing Google Pixel Problems – Forbes Amazon’s Alexa moves in on Google’s Android system – Reuters Hacker Successfully Adds More Games To NES Classic Edition – Gameranx (blog) Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Trending in Apple What to expect at Apple’s iPhone 7 & Apple Watch 2 event next week – 9 to 5 Mac Posted on September 3, 2016 by 9 to 5 Mac Now less than a week away from Apple’s ‘See you on the 7th’ iPhone 7 event, there’s a lot we know about the device and other product announcements Apple has planned for next week. A dual-camera system for iPhone, a new and improved Apple Watch 2 … iPhone 7: All the rumors video – CNETCNET Apple’s iPhone 7 announcement: what to expectThe Verge Avoid the 32GB iPhone 7 like the plagueBGR Mac Rumors -AppleInsider (press release) (blog) -Tech Times -ZDNet all 612 news articles …read more wrote 24400 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Hey Alexa, what are your competitors doing? – PCWorld Apple CEO Tim Cook’s pay slumps along with iPhone sales – Washington Post Android Circuit: Galaxy S8 Launch Date Leaks, Galaxy Note Returns, Fixing Google Pixel Problems – Forbes Amazon’s Alexa moves in on Google’s Android system – Reuters Hacker Successfully Adds More Games To NES Classic Edition – Gameranx (blog) Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Gerald Flurry TV Key of David TV Program Trumpet Daily Program Radio Listen Live Shows The Key of David Trumpet Daily Radio Show Trumpet Hour Trumpet Radio Live Watch Jerusalem Live by Every Word Music for Life Just the Best Literature The Sun Also Rises Subscriptions Trumpet Print Edition Trumpet Weekly Report Renew Subscription Literature Account Need an account? Sign up FREE!  •  Sign in » Warning: your browser settings seem to have cookies disabled. Many features on this site require cookies to operate correctly. Warning: your browser settings seem to have JavaScript disabled. Many features on this site require JavaScript to operate correctly. (SAID KHATIB/AFP/Getty Images) Week in Review: Europe Attacks Apple, China’s ‘Little Green Boats,’ Nuclear Backpacks, and Much More September 3, 2016  •  From theTrumpet.com All you need to know about everything in the news this week   Print Font size Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Google+ Read comments (#) Images Related articles Jerusalem in Prophecy Related literature Jerusalem in Prophecy Recently featured Kerry Excuses America’s Anti-Israel Policy Japan’s Abe Visits Pearl Harbor in Historic First Austrian Cardinal: ‘We Can’t Accommodate All Refugees’ Europe: United in Terror Thyroid Disorder: The Silent Disease Get all the important news from August 27–September 2 by downloading the Trumpet Weekly. Click here to receive it by e-mail every week. Highlights: The EU’s Apple Power Grab On August 30, the European Commission ruled that Ireland gave illegal tax benefits worth up to $15 billion to Apple. In his article titled “Apple Travesty Is a Reminder Why Britain Must Leave the Lawless EU,” the Telegraph’s Ambrose Evans-Pritchard discussed how the commission’s ruling that. The ruling is both an attack on American tech companies and a power grab aimed at taking taxing and spending powers from states and concentrating them at an EU level. “Amazon, Facebook, Google, as well as Apple, are all under fire, and Microsoft has fought an epic battle,” wrote Evans-Pritchard. “The view in Washington is that [Europe’s] probe of the Russian gas giant Gazprom is being conducted with kid gloves, and that [its commissioner for competition] is strangely accommodating over the Nord Stream pipeline so favored by Germany. It is almost as if some in Brussels view America as the real enemy.” ‘Little Green Boats’ More than 300 Chinese vessels have made incursions into Japanese waters around the Senkaku Islands. Bloomberg wrote on August 31 that Japan’s “military assesses that many of these sailors are really Chinese irregular militias, similar to the non-uniformed ‘little green men’ that Russia has sent to eastern Ukraine to stir up separatist sentiment. Call them ‘little green boats.’” Hamas set to dominate elections When Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas called for municipal elections throughout Palestinian territories, he was betting on Hamas boycotting the elections as it has done in the past. This time he lost that bet, and the consequences could be monumental. “Like it or not,” wrote Jerusalem Post senior contributing editor Caroline Glick, “the day is fast approaching when the Palestinian Authority we have known for the past 22 years will cease to exist.” “PA leader Mahmoud Abbas’s U.S.-trained Palestinian security forces have lost control over the Palestinians cities in Judea and Samaria. His EU- and U.S.-funded bureaucracies are about to lose control over the local governments to Hamas. And his Fatah militias have turned against him. … Hamas is widely expected to win control over most of the local governments in Judea and Samaria.” As Trumpet editor in chief Gerald Flurry wrote in Jerusalem in Prophecy, a probable Hamas takeover of the West Bank could divide Jerusalem and lead directly to the return of Jesus Christ! North Korea’s nuclear backpacks In the event of a war, North Korea will deploy a unit of infantry whose troops will infiltrate South Korea and detonate backpack nuclear devices. The Telegraph wrote on August 31: “Radio Free Asia said the military was calling on each of the nation’s soldiers to become a ‘nuclear arsenal’ in the event of war breaking out in the region.” These “nuclear backpacks” do not bode well for the Obama administration’s nuclear agreement with Iran. North Korea and Iran are close allies that have shared military technologies in the past. Polygamy’s rise in the United Kingdom A growing number of British Muslims, ranging between 20,000 and 100,000, are taking second or third wives. Consequently, some British politicians like Natalie Bennett are mulling the prospects of legalizing “marriages” between three or more people. Other news: According to German newsmagazine Spiegel, United States President Barack Obama has approved a modernization of nato’s nuclear weapons arsenal in Germany. On August 25, Iran announced the launch of its latest armed force: the United Shia Liberation Army. The move stoked more fear and uncertainty concerning Iran’s role in the post-America Middle East. Get more details on these stories and more by subscribing to the Trumpet Weekly! ▪ Literature Offer Additional Reading: Jerusalem in Prophecy   Print Font size Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Google+ Read comments (#) Scroll to top   •   Read comments (#) Kerry Excuses America’s Anti-Israel Policy Japan’s Abe Visits Pearl Harbor in Historic First Austrian Cardinal: ‘We Can’t Accommodate All Refugees’ Europe: United in Terror Information Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions About Us Privacy Policy Terms Of Use Follow RSS Feed Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Additional Trumpet Weekly Newsletter Philadelphia Trumpet Newsmagazine Magazine Archive Literature Library Video Browser English [en]Español [es]Français [fr]Italiano [it]Nederlands [nl]Norsk [no]Deutsch [de]Português [pt]Afrikaans [af]Suomi [fi] Copyright © 2017 Philadelphia Church of God, All Rights Reserved.
Skip Nav Living Subscribe to the Must Have Box UK Australia France Deutschland Middle East الشرق الأوسط Did you know we have a UK site? Did you know we have a Australia site? Did you know we have a France site? Did you know we have a Deutschland site? Did you know we have a Middle East site? Did you know we have a الشرق الأوسط site? x A New Rumor Points to Apple Releasing MacBooks and More Later This Year JK Rowling Muggles, Don't Even Think About Attempting This Harry Potter Bucket List CES 12 Gadgets You'll Want to Try in 2017 Geek Culture Why '80s Babies Are Different Than Other Millennials 9/08/16 9/08/16 POPSUGAR Living Digital Life MacBook Air and MacBook Pro Rumors A New Rumor Points to Apple Releasing MacBooks and More Later This Year September 8, 2016 by Ann-Marie Alcántara 28 Shares Prepare yourself (and your wallets): a new report from Bloomberg states that Apple is going to release a new MacBook Pro and 5K monitor, along with fresh versions of the MacBook Air, iMac, and iPad software. The report states that we can expect the new products later this year and can hope for the iPad software update next year. Read the full details ahead. A MacBook Air with a USB-C port: A small update but the MacBook Air will now have a USB-C port. The new technology allows for faster data transfer, charging, and much more. The iMac gets a small upgrade as well: The iMacs will receive the option to upgrade to an Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD) graphics chip card. The return of a monitor: LG Electronics will join forces with Apple to release a 5K monitor. A software update for the iPad: The upgrade to iPad software, which will either arrive as an iOS 10 update in 2017 or as part of a new iOS, will try to make the Apple Pencil more versatile. The software will let you write in any app, like Mail or Safari, using the Apple Pencil. These aren't the only products that will arrive sometime soon. A new MacBook Pro is also expected to arrive this year, as a thinner, faster computer with Touch ID and an OLED display. It's starting to look like these new products might end up being more exciting than the iPhone 7 launch. Related: 6 Rumors About the New iPad Pro That Will Make You Super Excited These iPhone 7 Rumors Might Be the Reason You Don't Upgrade This Year Image Source: POPSUGAR Photography / Mark Popovich Join the conversation Share this post IOS 10MacBookiPadDigital LifeApple Around The Web What’s Your Reaction? Thanks for your reaction Don’t forget to share this with your friends! 0Reactions Join The Conversation Get Inspired With Our Living Newsletter You're subscribed! Sign Up For Our Newsletter Select topics that interest you Love and Sex Home Vegetarian Tech Food DIY Sign up with facebook By signing up, I agree to the Terms & to receive emails from POPSUGAR. Related Posts Health and Fitness 9 Health and Fitness Gadgets That Will Make Your Life Better by Ann-Marie Alcántara 30 minutes ago Digital Life Warning: This Simple Picture of Sliced Ham Will Make You Dizzy by Kelsey Garcia 2 hours ago Barack Obama 16 Things People Will Miss About the Obamas by Ann-Marie Alcántara 6 hours ago Humor If Zodiac Signs Were Emoji . . . by Nicole Yi 7 hours ago Photography Thanks to a New Update, Your Instagram Stories Are About to Get a Whole Lot Prettier by Kelsey Garcia 8 hours ago Digital Life No One Can Spot a Girl's Legs in This Photo and It's Driving People CRAZY by Ann-Marie Alcántara 10 hours ago Geek Culture The Internet Turned Jude Law's Upcoming Young Pope Series Into the Funniest New Meme of 2017 by Terry Carter 12 hours ago CES 12 Gadgets You'll Want to Try in 2017 by Ann-Marie Alcántara 13 hours ago Humor The Spilling Meme Is the Latest Trend That Will Make You Laugh and Say "Huh" by Ann-Marie Alcántara 1 day ago POPSUGAR, the #1 independent media and technology company for women. Where more than 75 million women go for original, inspirational content that feeds their passions and interests. From Our Partners Latest Technology & Gadgets Get Your Daily Life Hack Food Love and Sex DIY Vegetarian Home Tech Sign up with facebook By signing up, I agree to the Terms & to receive emails from POPSUGAR. Pinterest Follow Add us on Snapchat × Create your best life Personalize Get lifestyle content curated for you and delivered daily. Food Love and Sex DIY Vegetarian Home Tech Sign up with facebook By signing up, I agree to the Terms & to receive emails from POPSUGAR. × Create your best life Personalize Get lifestyle content curated for you and delivered daily. Food Love and Sex DIY Vegetarian Home Tech Sign up with facebook By signing up, I agree to the Terms & to receive emails from POPSUGAR. × Create your best life Personalize Get lifestyle content curated for you and delivered daily. Food Love and Sex DIY Vegetarian Home Tech Sign up with facebook By signing up, I agree to the Terms & to receive emails from POPSUGAR. × Create your best life Personalize Get lifestyle content curated for you and delivered daily. Food Love and Sex DIY Vegetarian Home Tech Sign up with facebook By signing up, I agree to the Terms & to receive emails from POPSUGAR. × POPSUGAR We’re Hiring! Write For Us About Us Terms Privacy Policy Contact More POPSUGAR: Power Your Happy POPSUGAR Must Have POPSUGAR Insights ShopStyle ShopStyle Collective POPSUGAR International: UK Australia France Deutschland Middle East الشرق الأوسط Sign Up For Our Award Winning Email: Create your best life Personalize Get lifestyle content curated for you and delivered daily. Food Love and Sex DIY Vegetarian Home Tech Sign up with facebook By signing up, I agree to the Terms & to receive emails from POPSUGAR. Get POPSUGAR On The Go: Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Follow Us Pinterest Follow Add us on Snapchat ©2017 POPSUGAR Inc. × Celebrity Celebrity News Entertainment News Movies Television Celebrity Couples Celebrities Award Season Fashion Fashion News Shopping and Style Celebrity Style Video Award Season Fitness Workouts Healthy Living Weight Loss Fitness Video January Jump-Start Power Your Happy POPSUGAR GLOW Beauty Makeup Hair Nails Beauty Video Beauty Trend Finder Award Season Love Relationships Sex Women Nostalgia Books Power Your Happy Moms Parenting Pregnancy Food & Fun Kid Shopping Family Life Living Home Tech Smart Living Pets Find Your Happy Power Your Happy Sip Joyfully Career Work Personal Finance Job Search Power Your Happy Power Your Happy Q & A Food Recipes Cooking Basics Party Planning Food News Power Your Happy Food Video Latina Recipes Family Life Celebrity Fashion Beauty Fitness Award Season News Power Your Happy Video Entertainment Fashion Beauty Fitness Food Tech Home Login / Register We're Hiring! Write For Us About Us Advertising Contact FAQ Archives Power Your Happy POPSUGAR Must Have POPSUGAR Insights ShopStyle ShopStyle Collective Terms Privacy Policy ©2017 PopSugar • POPSUGAR Living × Create your best life Personalize Get lifestyle content curated for you and delivered daily. Food Love and Sex DIY Vegetarian Home Tech Sign up with facebook By signing up, I agree to the Terms & to receive emails from POPSUGAR. All the Latest From Ryan Reynolds
Master Herald Sports Technology TV Social Cars Politics Middle East Pulse Menu Sports Technology TV Social Cars Politics Middle East Pulse Apple iPhone 7 to Come Out with Airpods Wireless Earphone? Device Set to be Unveiled on September 7 and More Posted By: Arash FekriPosted date: September 04, 2016In: Technology Page 1 of 212» Apple is gearing up for its annual event this September 7 in San Francisco where the company will unveil the latest flagship phone, new versions of iPads, MacBook, and the Apple Watch 2. As for the iPhone 7, rumors say that it will take much of its predecessor’s design. MacRumors say that the difference will be those antenna lines which Apple will do away with. Apple says that it will be a slight difference but it will make a big impact as it will distinguish the iPhone 7 from its predecessors. Just like the current version of the phone, the latest addition to the flagship phone range will come in two sizes – the 4.7-inch display iPhone 7 and the 5.5-inch display iPhone 7 Plus. As expected the upcoming smartphone will be packed with a faster processor, better RAM, and everything a notch higher than the iPhone 6. The most anticipated feature of the iPhone 7 is the disappearance of the 3.5mm headphone jack. Users have reacted negatively to the removal of this staple feature as the new earphones have to be wireless or connect through the Lightning port. Earlier reports state that a new set of earphone which could connect to the Lightning port will come along with the new device. However, according to The Verge, the iPhone 7 will come with wireless earbuds called the Airpods. It will reportedly feature a proprietary Bluetooth clip developed from Apple’s acquisition of Passif Semiconductor in 2013. Leaked photos show the new device showcasing its white Airpods on top of the phone. Apple Insider also shared some photos of the boxed iPhone 7 which indicated that it will indeed come with wireless earphones. Some critics say that the removal of the headphone jack will be make-or-break for the device. Some tech critics say that’s it’s a huge risk for the company to do away with a feature that has been with the device since its birth. The upcoming flagship phone is also expected to sport a second camera onto the back which could produce higher-quality photos or offers a zoomed-in view. The second camera feature is rumored to come only on the larger iPhone 7 model, but the camera, in general, will probably get some updates such as image stabilization, which has been exclusive to the iPhone series for two years now. Apple will also be doing away with the 16GB storage in its entry-level iPhones and bump them to 32GB, which some users have taken as great news. Reports say that Apple is also going all out with the iPhone having at most a 256GB internal storage model. As per 9to5Mac, the new home button won’t be clickable. Instead, it will be pressure-sensitive and use the haptic feed to make users feel like they’re already pushing it. Earlier reports suggest that the tech giant will do away with the traditional home button and will contain an all-screen front. However, some critics have dismissed this rumor as this will definitely consume more battery for the device. Speculations say that another good reason to purchase the iPhone 7 will be because it will come in space black color just like the first few versions of the smartphone. Some have noted that the invitations the tech giant have sent out has different bubble colors which could mean that the new iPhone could come in different colors. It could also mean that the new device will be waterproof, but some say that it’s unlikely the case. The current version of the iPhone currently comes in Rose Gold, Space Gray, and Gold color options. The iPhone 5C meanwhile, comes in different neon colors. With the launch of the Apple Watch 2, the iPhone 7 will be packed with a better GPS to coordinate with the wearable smart watch. Page 1 of 212» Like 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Share 0 Related Articles Dell OptiPlex 7040 Is A Powerhouse in A Small Package, How Good Is It? January 06, 2017 Kingdom Hearts III Release Date, Update About the Game’s Development, a Few New Features are Probably Going to be Added to the Game January 06, 2017 Pokémon Prism Shut Down By Nintendo, Developers Issue Cease And Desist Order. Pirates Leak The Files Online! January 06, 2017 Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Pages About Master Herald Ads Contact Us Staff Categories Cars Middle East Pulse Politics Social Sports Technology TV About Us Address: Al-Mashroot Akhbar Company, 75 Al Iskan Street, P.O. Box 5230, Post Code 115, Muscat, Sultanate of Oman Email: Info [at] MasterHerald.com

Tech CES 2017 Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Super Bowl Ads     September 7 Will Shape Black Friday 2016 In A Big Way Posted: Sep 3 2016, 4:15am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Black Friday   This story may contain affiliate links. Photo Credit: Getty Images   Wednesday next week will have a major impact on the Holiday shopping season. Use the long Labor Day 2016 weekend to relax and charge up energy. On Wednesday Apple and Sony will host major media events announcing new products that will shape Black Friday 2016 and the Holiday season. Consumers have a certain budget for the Holidays. Apple and Sony are going to announce must have items that will not be cheap, locking in a hefty portion of the Holiday spending. Don't Miss: Top 100 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 2016 Photos Apple will announce the iPhone 7 on September 7 at 10am PDT. While there is still a discussion about how attractive an upgrade the iPhone 7 is, the new iPhone will make the list of most wanted Holiday gifts. Besides the iPhone 7, Apple is expected to unveil the Apple Watch 2. The new Apple Watch is reportedly adding GPS and a Barometer for altitude tracking. The original Apple Watch was a popular holiday gift item last year and will be even more so this year. This time Apple is releasing the Apple Watch in time for the Holiday season and not in Spring. The new Apple Watch will be a brand new product in the Holiday season and a sound investment with at least one year time until the Apple Watch 3 with LTE comes around. There is no 3.5mm audio jack on the new iPhone 7, making new headphones with lightning port and wireless headphones a big seller this holiday shopping season. Apple wants to have a piece of that and is reportedly announcing new Beats headphones also on September 7. If Apple's new products would not be enough for one day, Sony has scheduled a PlayStation event on the same day. The Sony PlayStation event begins at 3pm ET. So there is time to grab lunch between the Apple media event and the Sony media event, both are streaming live online. Sony is expected to unveil the new more powerful Sony PlayStation Neo in the Wednesday event. Depending what this new console will offer, Sony fans will shift their budgets to upgrade. Sony will also unveil the already leaked Sony PlayStation 4 Slim next week. The new PS4 Slim will likely have a lower price than the current PS4. We expect it to be announced for $299.  The Sony PlayStation event will also be about the PS VR. Sony's virtual reality offering is expected to take over the virtual reality segment this Holiday season and push the much more expensive Oculus Rift and HTC Vive to the sidelines. Microsoft has nothing to counter Sony's VR solution. We expect that the Xbox One ($249) and Xbox One S ($299) will be offered as ultra bargains in Black Friday 2016 sales. Price is the only weapon Microsoft has left to compete with the more popular Sony PlayStation this season. There is still no certainty that the new Sony PlayStation Neo will launch this Fall. We will find out on Wednesday.  Read also the just released Black Friday 2016 predictions about sales and deals to expect on Black Friday 2016. We will again provide full coverage of Black Friday and Cyber Monday with all the hot deals you need to get and the Black Friday ads you need to see. Don't Miss the CES 2017 Highlights: Comments Buy Now on Amazon You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Mobile Devices drive Sales on Black Friday Nov 26 2016, 8:03pm CST Amazon Cyber Monday Deals on Echo, Dot, Fire and Kindle Released Nov 26 2016, 2:23pm CST New Best Buy Black Friday Doorbuster Deals Available Saturday Nov 26 2016, 8:36am CST Amazon Echo Dot is Best-selling Item on Black Friday Says Jeff Bezos's Company Nov 26 2016, 2:12am CST Black Friday 2016 Breaks Online Sales Record with $3 Billion Nov 26 2016, 12:53am CST Finding a Nintendo NES Classic is Still Very Hard 4 hours ago, 3:28pm CST Tim Cook Takes a Pay Cut 7 hours ago, 12:47pm CST CES 2017 Marks the Debut Polaroid Pop Instant Digital Camera 7 hours ago, 12:41pm CST CES 2017 Begins With Next-Generation Innovations 7 hours ago, 12:35pm CST CES 2017: Xiaomi Makes CES Debut With Mi TV 4 7 hours ago, 12:17pm CST Golden Globes 2017: What You Need to Know 7 hours ago, 12:13pm CST Killer Asteroids? The White House Has a Plan 8 hours ago, 11:23am CST Xiaomi Unveils World’s Slimmest And Compact TV At CES 2017 8 hours ago, 11:23am CST CES 2017: Here Is A Six-Inch Touchscreen Windows Desktop 8 hours ago, 11:06am CST Scientists Use Light to to Control Proteins Inside Live Cells 8 hours ago, 11:04am CST Featured News Lego Boost Is Hottest Toy of 2017 Sony XBR-A1E BRAVIA OLED 4K HDR Dolby Vision TV with Acoustic Surface Unveiled at CES 2017   CES 2017: Lenovo Unveils Windows Holographic VR Headset Nintendo Switch is Available for Pre-order Black Friday Mobile Devices drive Sales on Black Friday Nov 26 2016, 8:03pm CST Amazon Cyber Monday Deals on Echo, Dot, Fire and Kindle Released Nov 26 2016, 2:23pm CST New Best Buy Black Friday Doorbuster Deals Available Saturday Nov 26 2016, 8:36am CST Amazon Echo Dot is Best-selling Item on Black Friday Says Jeff Bezos's Company Nov 26 2016, 2:12am CST More Black Friday Stories Latest News Finding a Nintendo NES Classic is Still Very Hard 4 hours ago, 3:28pm CST How to Find a Nintendo NES Classic in Stock in 2017 5 hours ago, 2:14pm CST Tim Cook Takes a Pay Cut 7 hours ago, 12:47pm CST CES 2017 Marks the Debut Polaroid Pop Instant Digital Camera 7 hours ago, 12:41pm CST More Latest News Your Deals on Amazon The Latest ... Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Black Friday 2017 Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. CES 2017 The CES 2017 Consumer electronics show takes place again in Las Vegas. Find out what will new products will be dominating 2017. Virtual Reality, 8K TVs, electric cars will be making CES 2017 headlines in our CES 2017 Coverage. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017
Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact Top - World Samsung shrugs off Note7 debacle as profit soars In-depth - Top How Assange became an enemy of the truth Home In-depth News Off-beat Opinion Adii Pienaar Alan Knott-Craig Jr Aleks Gostev Alison Gillwald Alistair Fairweather Andrew Fraser Andrew Rens Andy Marken Angus Hay Anton Harber Anton Meyer Antony Seeff Arno du Toit Art Coviello Ayo Ajayi Bradley Shaw Cameron MacKenzie Candice Jones Chris Moerdyk Chris Roper Craig Lappan Craig Neill Craig Raw Craig Wilson Danie Nel Danie Pienaar Darryl Bernstein Dave Gale Dave MacDonald David Glance David Liu David Walker De Wet Bisschoff Denis Smit Dirk de Vos Dominic Cull Don MacRobert Duncan McLeod Eckart Zollner Elaine de Beer Eric Edelstein Eric MK Osiakwan Erika van der Merwe Etienne Louw Faith Muthambi Francois Beyleveld Fungai Sibanda Gaelyn Scott Gareth Knight Gavin Davis Genna Robb Gerard Soverall Gill Moodie Gisèle Wertheim Aymés Gizela Parker Graham Beneke Graham Braum Graham Friend Greg Mahlknecht Gregory Serandos Guy Zibi Helen Zille Henk Kleynhans Herman Blignaut Hillary Clinton Hilton Tarrant Howard Blake Howard Rybko Ihab Moawad Indra de Lanerolle Isaac Mophatlane Ismail Vadi Ivo Vegter Jacques Rousseau Jacqui O'Sullivan James Francis Jan Dawson Jana van Zyl Jannie van Zyl Jason Norwood-Young Jason Xenopoulos Jasson Urbach Joe Mjwara Jose Dos Santos Juanita Clark Justin McCarthy Justin Schwellnus Justin Spratt Karl Muller Kathleen Rice Keith Jones Keith Thabo Kenny Inggs Kevin Phillips Lara Pienaar Lawrence Lundy Leon G Marincowitz Lisa Thornton Lloyd Gedye Maphanga Maseko Marc Ashton Marcel Kramer Marian Shinn Marius Burger Mark Acton Mark Pretorius Mark Seftel Mark Taylor Mark Whitby Martha Bennett Matthew French Michael Jordaan Mike Mulcahy Mophethe Moletsane Muzi Makhaye Nafisa Akabor Nathan Jeffery Nathaniel Borenstein Neil Campbell Neil Watson Nic Callegari Nick Jones Owen Dean Pallo Jordan Paris Mashile Pascal Matzke Patricia de Lille Patrick Gaspard Paul Jacobson Paul Theron Peter Karaszi Peter Streicher Peter Walsh Pieter Steyn Prenesh Padayachee Pria Chetty Rachel Sikwane Regardt van der Berg Reshaad Sha Richard Firth Richard Mullins Rob Lith Roger Hislop Romeo Kumalo Russel Yeo Russell Lamberti Russell Southwood Ryk van Niekerk Sasha Naryshkine Schalk Nolte Shameel Joosub Shashi Hansjee Simon Dingle Sipho Hlongwane Sipho Maseko Siya Qoza Siyabonga Cwele Siyabonga Madyibi Songezo Zibi Steve Song Steven Ambrose Steven Cohen Styli Charalambous Sunil Gopal Suveer Ramdhani Tawana Kupe Thabiso Moerane Tim Genders Tim James Tim Parle Tim Shier Tim Walter Tim Wyatt-Gunning Timothy Kroon Toby Shapshak Tony Gunnarsson Verashni Pillay Vicky Stilwell Vincent Hoogduijn Vinolan David William Stucke Willington Ngwepe Yunus Carrim Zunaid Bulbulia People Podcasts TalkCentral ZA Tech Show Reviews Start-ups Weekend About Advertise Newsletter Contact What to expect from Apple’s big keynote It’s September, and that means it’s time for the next iPhone. By Mark Gurman. Added by Agency Staff on 3 September 2016. Saved under News, Top Tags: Apple, Apple Watch, iPhone 7 Tweet It’s September, and that means it’s time for the next iPhone. Earlier this week, Apple sent out invitations to a 7 September event, drumming up excitement with the tagline, “See you on the 7th”. Some industry watchers think that’s a play on words for the expected name of the new iPhone, the “iPhone 7”. Apple has reported two straight quarters of year-over-year revenue declines and there are questions about demand for a device that remains the company’s main source of profit. Apple hopes faster iPhones with significant camera improvements will prop up sales ahead of an expected larger overhaul in 2017 for the device’s 10th anniversary. It’s set to release a faster Apple Watch with GPS to try to re-ignite interest in that nascent category. Here’s a breakdown of what to expect at Apple’s event from each product line: New iPhone A tweaked design that looks similar to the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s, but removes the two inner-most antenna lines on the back of the device for a cleaner look. The same 4,7-inch and 5,5-inch screen sizes as the previous two iPhone lines. A pressure-sensitive “home” button that provides a vibrating sensation in response to button presses instead of an actual physical click, similar to the latest MacBook trackpads. The removal of the headphone jack in favour of a secondary grille for either an additional speaker or microphone. An improved single-lens rear camera system on the new 4,7-inch model. A new dual-lens camera system on the 5,5-inch model, allowing for deeper zooming with less reduction in clarity and better low-light photography. A faster processor, a successor to the A9 chip in the iPhone 6s. Support for FeliCa-based payments in Japan, in the works for either this year’s model or next year’s overhaul. New Watch A GPS chip for more accurate fitness tracking. A faster processor for launching applications and navigating the operating system. Battery life improvements to support the power-intensive addition of GPS. Software updates iOS 10 will be available on the iPhone 5 from 2012 and later. The updated software includes an improved iMessage application with support for new animations, stickers and third-party plug-ins, voicemail transcription, notifications that show more detail, and an application for controlling smart home appliances. watchOS 3, the new version of the Apple Watch’s software, speeds up app launch times, includes a new SOS feature to call emergency services, a new app to monitor breathing, and the ability to use Apple Pay within apps. tvOS 10, the new version of the Apple TV software, is supported by the fourth-generation model (which comes with Siri) and adds the ability to universally sign in to many content apps, a dark mode for navigating through the system at night, and a redesigned view for Apple Music. macOS Sierra, the latest version of the Mac operating system, adds support for Apple Pay transactions on the Web, Siri voice control, new photo management and messaging features, and the ability for Apple Watch wearers to automatically login to their Macs. Coming Later One hardware category that may not be discussed in detail on 7 September is the Mac line. However, Apple will begin shipping some of its future Macs as soon as October, according to people familiar with the matter. Here are the details: An overhauled MacBook Pro with a “dynamic function row” display that allows function keys to change based on the task at hand, a faster processor, new graphics card options from AMD, a larger trackpad, flatter keyboard, and USB-C port technology. Updated MacBook Air models with multi-functional USB-C port technology. A faster iMac with new graphics card options from AMD. A 5K standalone monitor developed in conjunction with LG Electronics.  — (c) 2016 Bloomberg LP Share this article Tweet Jurassic “Updated MacBook Air models with multi-functional USB-C port technology.” It’s more likely that the now obsolete MacBook Air models will be dropped entirely, and that a larger (perhaps 14″) MacBook model will be introduced. The MacBook Air design is several years old, uses older technologies, and has a low resolution display. It comes in 11″ and 13″ models. The 12″ MacBook is thinner, lighter, and uses newer technologies (including Retina display) than the “Air” models… Which doesn’t make sense just from the “Air” name, which implies a lighter model (which it isn’t). With the 12″ MacBook being in the middle in size, with only 1 inch separating it from the 11″ and 13″ MacBook Air models, it would make sense that a new MacBook model would not be 11″ or 13″ display size, but rather a 14″ display size. It is possible that after dropping the old MacBook Air models, Apple might choose to rename the 12″ MacBook and its larger 14″ version to “MacBook Air”, but that name change would really be unnecessary and confusing. Robert Hancock “iOS 10 will be available on the iPhone 5 from 2012 and later.” What does this mean? Perhaps, “iOS 10 will be supported on all iPhone models from the iPhone 5 launched in 2012.” Greg Mahlknecht >unnecessary and confusing I don’t follow the apple stuff closely, and your post hurt my head. I think they need to rethink their product naming. It’s impossible to tell anything about the product from its name! Connect with TechCentral Follow TechCentral on Twitter Connect with TechCentral on Facebook Connect with TechCentral on Google+ Subscribe to our newsletter Articles by comments (7 days) 7Why cash is still king of the world 3Russian hacks: US strikes back 1Musk’s Gigafactory has been activated 1Backspace: ‘Women in tech’ 1Faraday unveils Tesla-beating supercar Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact RSS ↑ TechCentral TechCentral Log in - (c) 2009 - 2015 NewsCentral Media
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading..." /> Edition: International | About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use News Release Article Submission Friday 16 December, 2016 Breaking News > Latest Stories, World Israeli settlers reject compromise, brace for eva... Trending Topics: Panama papers - -Assembly polls in WB & Assam - -West Indies T20 champion dance Israeli settlers reject compromise, brace for evacuation UK leader May not miffed by missing EU leaders' dinner Somalia suicide bomber sets off blast in capital; 3 injured Bosnian police arrest 2 suspected arms smugglers in Sarajevo Yahoo's big breach helps usher in an age of hacker anxiety Business World INDIA Delhi/NCR Sports Football Hockey Cricket Politics Entertainment Environment Technology space Health Op – eds Home Latest Stories Art & Lifestyle Food & Drinks Spirituality Travel Videos Press Release E- PAPER Published On: Sat, Sep 3rd, 2016 Latest Stories / Technology | By New Delhi Times Bureau New Apple leaks reveal that new iPhone 7 will be cheaper than iPhone 6S Share This Tags According to Forbes, a Chinese website with a reliable track record of Apple leak, has new information on the iPhone 7′s pricing in China and Hong Kong. Apparently, Apple will sell its usual three storage models of the iPhone 7 at 5,288 RMB, 6,088 RMB, and 7,088 RMB, and HK$5,588, HK$6,388, HK$7,388. These prices are comparable to the price of the iPhone 6S. It is in fact cheaper when you see that Apple has doubled the storage of all three models. Whereas the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus came in 16GB, 64GB and 128GB variants, the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will ship with 32GB, 128GB and 256GB storage. If the leaks are true, then more consumers will go for the new phone than choosing to buy a cheaper iPhone 6S. Photo Credit : Shutterstock Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related About the Author New Delhi Times Bureau - Related News Israeli settlers reject compromise, brace for evacuation UK leader May not miffed by missing EU leaders’ dinner Somalia suicide bomber sets off blast in capital; 3 injured Bosnian police arrest 2 suspected arms smugglers in Sarajevo Leave a comment Click here to cancel reply. You must be Logged in to post comment. Tweet Pin It New Delhi Times A-2/59 Safdarjung Enclave New Delhi 110029, INDIA +91 11 26102520 info@newdelhitimes.com Top Posts & Pages Article Submission The future of Hyperloop in UAE News Release Subscribe Enter your email address Email Address Copyright © New Delhi Times , All Rights Reserved 2016, info@newdelhitimes.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented iPhone 6 is now available for Rs 9,999 on Flipkart; only if exchanged with the newer iPhone 6S By tech2 News Staff 16   Comments State Bank of India blocks its customers from loading money to wallet services, using net banking By tech2 News Staff 7   Comments ISRO to launch world record 100 satellites in the PSLV-C37 mission scheduled for February By tech2 News Staff 6   Comments Google CEO Sundar Pichai calls demonetisation a bold move for India By tech2 News Staff 6   Comments Apple demands for tax concessions and sops could adversely affect Make In India campaign By Nimish Sawant 6   Comments more from #Samsung Samsung Galaxy S8 photo leaked; shows no visible fingerprint reader or navigation keys CES 2017: A comprehensive account of one day at the largest Consumer Electronics event CES 2017: TV manufacturers showcase televisions with increased screen sizes and buzzwords Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Samsung Galaxy Note 7 call back is great for the Apple iPhone 7 launch: Experts #Samsung 0   02 Sep 2016 , 19:24 In a setback for Samsung and a somewhat happy news for Apple as it prepared to launch iPhone 7, the global recall by the south Korean giant of its flagship premium device Galaxy Note 7 over battery explosion fears is certainly going to affect its future prospects, experts said on Friday. After just two weeks on sale and 35 faulty phone batteries reported so far, Samsung on Friday issued a global recall of Note 7 and promised to replace every unit already sold. “To date (as of September 1) there have been 35 cases that have been reported globally and we are currently conducting a thorough inspection with our suppliers to identify possible affected batteries in the market,” the company said in a statement. “Samsung is committed to producing the highest quality products and we take every incident report from our valued customers very seriously. In response to recently reported cases of the new Galaxy Note7, we conducted a thorough investigation and found a battery cell issue,” it added. According to experts, this is bad news especially at a time when Samsung had a momentum going in its favour. “Market sentiments are not with Apple at the moment and Samsung had to have a good run in months to come, buoyed by its super-successfull S7 and S7 Edge devices and now Note 7. The global recall news is a godsend for Apple which is prepared to unveil another flagship device iPhone 7 on September 7,” Tarun Pathak, Senior Analyst, Mobile Devices and Ecosystems, Counterpoint Research in New Delhi, told IANS. Giving a refreshing look to its Note series, South Korean giant Samsung last month launched its Galaxy Note 7 in India for Rs 59,900 with iris biometric scanner for enhanced security, upgraded S Pen and a dual-curved screen. “For customers who already have Galaxy Note 7 devices, we will voluntarily replace their current device with a new one over the coming weeks,” Samsung noted. “The battery explosion issue will surely put a dent in Samsung’s market in days to come. How quickly it fixes the problem will be something to watch out for. The turnaround time matters a lot,” noted Krishna Mukherjee, Analyst (Telecoms) at market research firm CyberMedia Research (CMR), in Gurgaon. According to Pathak, Samsung has to come up with an aggrasive marketing strategy to overcome this issue else Galaxy series sales will nosedive in upcoming quarters for sure. “Till then, it is Apple that will have the momentum back in its favour after sluggish growth and fall in iPhone sales,” he told IANS. IANS Tags: Apple, Apple iPhone 7, iphone 7, Samsung, Samsung galaxy, Samsung Galaxy S7 Also read 5 reasons why LeEco’s TV will beat Samsung in India? Samsung Galaxy Note 7 sales halted; company issues statement and worldwide recall of handsets X Recommended For You Samsung Galaxy S8 photo leaked; shows no visible fingerprint reader or navigation keys CES 2017: A comprehensive account of one day at the largest Consumer Electronics event CES 2017: TV manufacturers showcase televisions with increased screen sizes and buzzwords Apple demands for tax concessions and sops could adversely affect Make In India campaign Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Women Safety apps Jan 6, 2017 Smartphone apps that can be used to improve Women’s Safety #Apple Jan 6, 2017 Apple did try out a iPhone with an iPod click wheel #AMD Jan 6, 2017 CES 2017: AMD unveils high-performance Vega GPU architecture for varied graphics workload #NASA Jan 6, 2017 NASA’s Chandra and India’s GMRT discover a natural particle accelerator in deep space #Nissan Jan 6, 2017 CES 2017: Nissan Intelligent Mobility blueprint hints at zero-emissions and a zero-fatality future SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Home Church & Ministry U.S. World Politics Entertainment living Opinion Buzzvine Blogs Video Ipost To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. CP subscribe CMC sites crossmap gnl CPEntertainment Apple iOS 10 News and Features: Siri to Feature Third-Party App Integration; Support for Apple TV and Mac Share on facebook Share on twitter Share Email Print Share Tweet Pin Linkedin Google+ Reddit Free sign up cp newsletter! Sign up By Christian Ver Marcelo , CP Contributor Sep 3, 2016 | 12:10 AM x To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video The new iPhone 7 lineup is set to arrive next week, and with it is the iOS 10. The iPhone and its iOS platform has had a long standing relationship, with which updates on its virtual assistant is integral. With this, the iOS 10 brings forth new features to Siri. REUTERS / Suzanne PlunkettLuke Peters demonstrates Siri, an application which uses voice recognition and detection on the iPhone 4S, outside the Apple store in Covent Garden, London October 14, 2011. Welcome Developers The biggest feature addition to Siri would be the more extensive third-party app integration. Using just your voice, you can now interact with various apps from within the Siri interface. All of this is possible through Apple's move to open Siri to developers. The new SiriKit allows developers to extend their app interface toward a certain communication process with Siri. Siri has long been offering third-party app integration such as Twitter and Yelp, but interaction has been limited. With the new implementation, users will be able to virtually talk with their apps more broadly. Hey Siri Apple will implement the "Hey Siri" command to hail the virtual assistant, followed by your instruction to open the required third-party app. Pinterest will open if you ask Siri to open pins for, say, fashion or creativity and inspiration. Square Cash will then open if you command it to pay someone with the app. This would give users much faster access to Square Cash than always using the Touch ID when launching the app, selecting the recipient, then choosing the amount in separate steps. You can also send LinkedIn messages to your contacts, and search photos using keywords with The Roll app. More third-party apps including Pikazo, Vogue, Runway, Looklive, and Mozo now support the new Siri feature. A whole lot more apps are expected to feature the Siri integration as development is still in early stages. Messaging with Third-Party Apps Siri will also support third-party messaging with the iOS 10. Previously, only the native Messages and Mail apps are supported. Now, third-party apps, like WhatsApp, can send, read, and automate messages through Siri. Book a Ride Calling an Uber or a Lyft is also possible. Ordering Siri to take you home will input your current location, hail an Uber or taxi app of your choice, give an estimated time, then book for you. Apple TV support Siri is not limited for mobile users though, as Apple TV still features the virtual assistant. The next update of Apple TV will include a native YouTube searching feature. There will also be a feature to let users jump to live TV upon command. Searching for specific movie categories such as genre, actor, director, release date, and more, would also be available. The new features will also be coming to iPhone's Remote Application. Siri for Mac Mac users also get some Siri love as opening normal tasks using voice command would be possible. Toggling specific settings like Bluetooth and Wi-Fi would also be available. In addition to the usual Siri features, searching through files and activities would also be implemented. iUpdateOS Siri upgrades on the iOS 10 Share on facebook Share on twitter Share Email Print Share Tweet Pin Linkedin Google+ Reddit Free sign up cp newsletter! Sign up Most Popular 90,000 Christians Killed in 2016, 1 Every 6 Minutes: Study Gospel Icon Kim Burrell Says Eddie Long, Andrew Caldwell and 'Perverted Homosexual Spirit' Embarrassing Church Debbie Reynolds' Son, Pastor Todd Fisher, Says Mom Wanted to Be With Daughter, Carrie Singer Lauren Daigle Honors God on 'Good Morning America' in Time Square (Watch) Yolanda Adams to Kim Burrell: Attack on My Friend Bishop Long Is Unwarranted other headlines Vatican Debunks Fake Pope Quotes Calling Jesus, Muhammad 'Distinctly The Same' New Islamic Terror in Nigeria Kills 800 Christians, Muslims; Destroyed 16 Churches ISIS Claims Istanbul Nightclub Terror Attack Was Targeted at Killing 'Pagan' Christians 'Cradle of Christianity' Tour at Israeli Museum Shows Jerusalem as It Looked in Jesus' Day Critics Say She Is a Man in Drag, but Prophetess Chyna Davis Insists She Is a Holy Woman of God World's Oldest Killer Whale Presumed Dead; 'Granny' Was Over 100 Years Old Pakistan: Muslims Demand Shaan Taseer Be Killed for Anti-Blasphemy Post on Facebook ISIS Leader, 400 Militants Enter Europe Disguised as Refugees Yolanda Adams to Kim Burrell: Attack on My Friend Bishop Long Is Unwarranted New Photos Show ISIS' Destruction of Iraq's Ancient City of Nimrud Chinese Christian Woman Sentenced to 3 Years in Prison for Holding Bible Study Gospel Icon Kim Burrell Says Eddie Long, Andrew Caldwell and 'Perverted Homosexual Spirit' Embarrassing Church Four Dead, Including 2 Kids, in Apparent Murder-Suicide on New Year's Day in South Carolina Turkey Denies Appeal for American Pastor Jailed on 'Terror' Charges for Christian Faith NASA Reveals Stunning 'Ice Homes' to House Astronauts on Mars in Near Future 23-Nation Survey on Transgenderism Finds Less Than Half of Americans Think It's 'Natural' Christian Woman Stabbed by Migrant in Austria for Reading the Bible Kidnapped Priest Tom Uzhunnalil Begs Pope Francis to Rescue Him From Islamic Militants in Yemen Who is Hannah Lee Fowler? Country Singer Sam Hunt Engaged to Long Time On-Off Girlfriend Norway Ends 500-Y-O Lutheran Church Partnership, 'Biggest Change Since the Reformation' Two Priests Go Missing After Helping Reporters Cover Church Bombing in Burma Ken Ham Says Too Many Christians Are Abandoning the Bible, Calls for 'New Reformation' 5 Motivating Apps for Carrying out Your New Year's Resolutions Most Americans Think It's 'Good' for Couples to Live Together Before Marriage Rapper Paul Wall Releases Christian-Themed Song Days After Felony Drug Arrest Istanbul Nightclub Attack: Gunman Kills 39 on New Year's Eve New Christian Zionism Book Makes Case for Israel Apart From 'Crazy End-Times Scenarios' Denzel Washington Says He Was Covered in Prayer While Filming 'Fences' ISIS Kills 25 in Baghdad Bombing as Fighting Intensifies in Mosul Hundreds of Churches Vow to Protect Immigrants Facing Deportation as Trump Presidency Looms Billy Graham Answers: Are We Living in the End Times Obama's Sanctions Against Russia Justified and 'Overdue,' Paul Ryan Says Will Liberal Church Attendance Spike Because of Trump? Franklin Graham, Paula White, Samuel Rodriguez to Participate in Trump Inauguration Churches for Middle East Peace Praises Obama on UN Israeli Settlements Vote 30-Y-O Woman Beheaded in Afghanistan for Going Out in Public Without Husband Billy Graham Named Among Gallup's 10 'Most Admired' Men in the World for Record 60th Time 4 Things to Know About the UN's Resolution Against Israel Catholic Diocese Files Lawsuit Against Obama's Transgender Health Care Mandate About Us Contact Us Media Kit Archives Corrections Disclaimer Careers Terms Privacy policy © 2017 The Christian Post , INC. All Rights Reserved. The Christian Post is part of CMC
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming CES 2017 GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: CES 2017 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / Apple is finally posting tweets on Twitter – well, sort of Apple is finally posting tweets on Twitter – well, sort of by Sean Keach 03 September 2016 0 shares Read Comments Apple is finally breathing life into its long-dormant Twitter account, and has even posted a tweet. With just days to go until the September 7 launch of the iPhone 7, Apple has awakened its official @apple Twitter account. The page, which has existed for over five years, has always been empty, with a completely blank profile, no images, and absolutely zero tweets. Fast forward to Friday, September 2, and suddenly there’s an Apple logo for the profile image. Even more excitingly, Apple is using its iPhone 7 event teaser as the header image, which means we’ll definitely see iPhone 7-related goodness from the account. Unfortunately, Apple hasn’t sent a tweet yet; well, not a proper one. The company has launched a paid-for campaign, which lets some users see a promoted-only tweet that advertises the iPhone 7 launch event. However, you can’t actually see this post on the @apple profile due to the nature of promo-only tweets. (Image credit: Apple Insider) Apple has a number of active accounts on Twitter already, using the social media platform to offer support and information for services like the App Store, iTunes, and Apple Music. But today’s promotion-only tweet marks what appears to be the first public interaction from Apple’s official corporate Twitter page. Huzzah! The iPhone 7 is set to be announced at an event at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco on September 7. The phone is reportedly going to offer minimal upgrades over last year’s model, with rumoured changes including the removal of the headphone jack, a new ‘Space Black’ colour option, and less prominent antenna banding. There’s also said to be one iPhone 7 configuration that will feature a dual-lens camera, but this has not yet been confirmed by Apple. Related: IFA 2016 Watch The Refresh: The best tech gossip and reviews every week What would you like to see from Apple’s September 7 event? Let us know in the comments. Latest Deals From Ebay New Apple iPhone 6s/Plus 16/64/128GB Space Gray Black Rose Gold Silver Unlocked $650.00 View Item New Apple iPhone 6s/Plus 16/64/128GB Space Gray Black Rose Gold Silver Unlocked $600.00 View Item New Apple iPhone 6s/Plus 16/64/128GB Space Gray Black Rose Gold Silver Unlocked $650.00 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Home News Cork News National News Gaeilge Echo Opinion Sport Cork Sport National Sport Sport Columns Video Cork News Video Cork Sport Video Life Downtown WOW! Entertainment Cork Nostalgia Sea Echoes KidzZone Viral Animals Celebrity Features Fun Real Life Science Technology Win Jobs Facebook Twitter European Commission tried to "manipulate public opinion" to force Government to take €13bn Apple tax SaturdayJanuary 7 Home News Cork News Sport Cork Sport Life Viral Competitions Jobs Home News Cork News National News Gaeilge Echo Opinion Sport Cork Sport National Sport Sport Columns Video Cork News Video Cork Sport Video Life Downtown WOW! Entertainment Cork Nostalgia Sea Echoes KidzZone Viral Animals Celebrity Features Fun Real Life Science Technology Win Jobs Facebook Twitter Home > Cork News > European Commission tried to “manipulate public opinion” to force Government to take €13bn Apple tax European Commission tried to “manipulate public opinion” to force Government to take €13bn Apple tax Tweet Saturday, September 03, 2016 THE European Commission ruling on Apple was designed to “manipulate public opinion” and cannot be taken at face value, Fianna Fáil leader Micheál Martin has said. The Cork South Central TD was speaking following the Government’s decision to appeal the ruling that said Apple must pay €13bn in taxes to Ireland. Mr Martin said that the EC simply wanted people to believe that there was a “big pot of money” to be collected at no expense from a nefarious foreign corporation, when the reality was that Apple was one of Ireland’s biggest employers and single-biggest taxpayer. He told the Evening Echo: “We remain strongly of the view that Ireland needs to aggressively defend its position and reject any attempt by the Commission to take control of the country’s tax policy by the back door. It is control over our own tax policies that allows us to create and protect jobs.” He said the Commission’s decision was going to be appealed by Apple, regardless of what Ireland did. He added: “Those who propose that we should sit it out need to explain how they think this would benefit Ireland’s strategic interests.” Cork Chamber said it fully supported the decision. Mark O’Mahoney, Director of Policy and Communications for Chambers Ireland, said: “The Commission’s ruling that Ireland must collect additional taxes retrospectively from Apple constitutes direct interference in the tax affairs of a member state. “Ireland has always maintained a principle of certainty on taxation as a key tenet of our inward investment strategy, and this cannot be compromised.” Minister for Finance Michael Noonan, attacked the EC ruling, saying it was driven by “envy” of Ireland’s corporation tax regime. He said: “There is a lot of envy across Europe about how successful we have been in putting the headquarters of many companies into Ireland.” However, there was trenchant criticism of the decision to appeal from many quarters. Anti-Austerity Alliance TD for Cork North Central, Mick Barry, slammed the decision, reiterating his stance that the Government should use the €13bn plus interest to invest in jobs, housing, health, education and other services. Follow @CorkEveningEcho Comments are closed. By Padraig Hoare Reporter @PodgeEcho Email Journalist Contact Journalist: 021 4802375 More Cork News Sexual Health Centre warns on outbreak of STIs in Cork area Friday, 06/01/17 - 4:53pm Cork women to be celebrated in lights Friday, 06/01/17 - 4:38pm Man dies in fire at his home off Shandon Street Thursday, 05/01/17 - 2:55pm More by this Journalist O’Flynn to seek nomination to run in Cork North Central in next general election Saturday, 03/12/16 - 12:12pm ‘12 Pubs of Christmas’ warning from Cork medical professor Thursday, 01/12/16 - 10:11am 500 construction jobs as part of UCC €240m investment plan Thursday, 24/11/16 - 10:17am Search For Sale To Rent Choose a County Carlow Cavan Clare Cork -- Cork City -- Cork West Donegal Dublin -- Dublin 1 -- Dublin 2 -- Dublin 3 -- Dublin 4 -- Dublin 5 -- Dublin 6 -- Dublin 6W -- Dublin 7 -- Dublin 8 -- Dublin 9 -- Dublin 10 -- Dublin 11 -- Dublin 12 -- Dublin 13 -- Dublin 14 -- Dublin 15 -- Dublin 16 -- Dublin 17 -- Dublin 18 -- Dublin 20 -- Dublin 22 -- Dublin 24 -- Dublin County -- Dublin North -- Dublin South -- Dublin West Galway -- Galway City Kerry Kildare Kilkenny Laois Leitrim Limerick -- Limerick City Longford Louth Mayo Meath Monaghan Offaly Roscommon Sligo Tipperary Waterford Westmeath Wexford Wicklow All Types Apartment House -- Terraced House -- Semi-Detached House -- Detached House -- Bungalow -- Holiday Home -- Country House -- End of Terrace -- Cottage -- Duplex -- Townhouse -- Penthouse -- Studio -- Dormer -- Live-Work Unit -- Period House -- Mews Site Farm Search Subscribe To Mailing List Email Address Home News Sport Entertainment Free Ads About Contact Family Notices Advertising Irish Examiner Recruitreland.com Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides CES 2017 Nintendo Switch Samsung Galaxy S8 iPhone 8 MacBook Pro iOS 10.2 News Why aren't all our smartphones waterproof right now? Why aren't all our smartphones waterproof right now? By Ben Stinson Mobile phones   All phones could one day love the water Shares Our smartphones are our lives, the portal to the virtual world we're all tethered to, whether we like it or not. And as the importance (and cost) has escalated, so has our desire to keep them safe, leading to reams of cases and millions of pounds spent on insuring our treasured possessions. In recent years, manufacturers have made progress in making these phones more "life proof" by using tougher materials, stronger glass, and some manufacturers - such as Sony and Samsung - even making some of the phones in their range fully waterproof. Sony – an early water-resistance trend-setter – is keeping up the practice of making its top phones waterproof, and Samsung has doubled-down on waterproofing, including it as a headline feature on its latest flagship phones. There are rumours, too, that Apple will be entering the arena shortly with the iPhone 7, which could well have the same water-repelling qualities as the Samsung Galaxy S7 - and if not this year, it's very likely to appear on the iPhone 7S. But below the glitzy smartphone surface, there are also a group of companies that are aiming to make almost every device waterproof - without having to suffer any compromises in design or weight to achieve it. Does this mean you could make your current Nokia 3310 waterproof? Is it really possible? Well, we've dived into the deep end to find out. What is Ingress Protection? To better understand the requirements when it comes to shielding smartphones and other gadgets from the elements, it's important to know how manufacturers measure the level of protection on offer. When we refer to smartphones, their water resistance rating – known as an Ingress Protection (or IP) rating – is usually mentioned. The rating is followed by a number that rates its ability to repel water or dust, with the first number dictating how protected the smartphone is against solid particles and the second number indicating how repellant it is to water and other liquids. Although some phones claim to be "waterproof", they are almost always water resistant. This means they can withstand water for a period of time, and to a certain depth, but they shouldn't be deliberately submerged beyond the stated maximum. If the IP rating starts with a 6, then you can be sure that the device is totally sealed, and solid particles will not be able to find their way in. If the rating starts with a 5, then small particles of dust may be able to find their way in, but won't affect the operation of the smartphone. The second number needs to start with either an 8 or a 9 to be able to fully withstand submersion in water continuously, though manufacturers tend to provide more cautious guidelines than the official rating would suggest. If the number starts with a 7, then the phone will be resistant to rain and mild splashes, but won't survive full submersion in water. Can I make my phone waterproof? Bad news if you've got a phone that's not waterproof - it's not currently possible to retrofit the technology. You can pick up cheaper sprays to cover the exterior of a phone in a waterproof coating, although these are usually temporary solutions. Some companies have offered solutions to retroactively coat smartphones in a protective layer, but so far no one has succeeded in making it a viable reality. Most of the companies we've spoken to are set on protecting smartphones and other devices at the manufacturing stage – apparently the most cost-effective and consistent solution, which could mean the next iPhone or Google Nexus comes with water-resistance as standard - but there are other options too for non-smartphone gadgets. WaterFi Your Apple Watch can now be properly saved from the wet. Credit: WaterFi WaterFi is a US company offering solutions on a variety of devices. They offer a patented process that helps a selection of gadgets resist the wet, including the Apple Watch and Fitbit Blaze. It relies on the use of a rubbery insulator that is injected into the chosen device along with an extra layer of protection that helps resist corrosion or chemicals. Waterfi's Marketing Manager, Gabe Hagstrom, believes waterproofing can be liberating for a gadget lover: "The cost of our waterproofing doesn't just save the customer from paying for a repair or replacement," he told TechRadar. "It actually frees the customer to use the device in ways and places they never thought possible." "They take their iPod swimming and surfing, the Kindle to the beach and wash it off in the ocean if it gets sandy, and take the Fitbit scuba diving." WaterFi's waterproof iPod Shuffle Swim Kit ($155 / £118 and includes waterproof SwimActive Headphones) is a perfect swimmer's solution, and the range has recently expanded to include multiple Fitbits such as the Blaze and Alta, the Amazon Kindle Paperwhite, and the Apple Watch. If you live in the US, it can also coat your pre-existing Shuffle, Kindle, and Fitbit for a lower price ($99 / £75.42). When asked about waterproofing smartphones, Hagstrom explained that WaterFi " will probably stay out of that for now; there's too much variation in hardware making it unfeasible to create an affordable waterproofing solution. "[In the future] we see devices that are unlocked and affordable without a contract, like the newest Nexus phones, which we would then look to waterproof and offer brand new on our website to save all the hassle of sending in a phone that's in use and going a few days off the grid." Will the next iPhone be waterproof? We've spoken to multiple smartphone manufacturers and most have considered adding waterproof technology into their handsets at some point in the future - and it's definitely possible that Apple could be a customer of one of the following brands, although they're remaining tight-lipped on the subject. This type of waterproofing won't be an afterthought, or something you'll have to consider as an additional expense, but will instead be baked into the manufacturing process, just like with the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. But that technology needs to come from somewhere, so we spoke to three companies leading the way in this field about where they see the market heading and how long before swimming pools will be freely littered with all manner of smartphones. P2i British company P2i isn't in the retail market and doesn't offer a service to protect your device post-purchase, but has instead decided to go down the route of being a part of the manufacturing process itself. P2i's waterproofing technology can be found on the Huawei P9 and P9 Plus, and is also being used by the likes of Timberland and Kangol for their waterproof clothing. If you are familiar with some of Motorola's more recent devices including the Moto E, then you'll have already seen some of P2i's splash-proof technology in action. It's also present on some of Motorola's other handsets, including the Moto G4 and G4 Plus. Dr. Stephen Coulson, who invented the technology at Durham University in the early 2000s, explains further how it works. "The coating works to alter the surface layer chemistry of the device so that instead of encouraging water... to stick, it simply beads up and rolls away." he told us. "Now, instead of being pulled into the device through capillary action, any accidental splashes or spills onto the device are repelled away from the circuitry. "This is extremely important in protecting devices from corrosion and electrical failure brought on by moisture, sweat or accidental liquid splashes and spills." "Most of the top ten [smartphone manufacturers] have worked with us to some capacity before, and so it's simply a case of looking into a new project." Coulson said. Earlier in 2016, P2i celebrated the milestone of 100 million nano coated phones, though the details of exactly which manufacturers make up that massive figure are being kept a secret. HzO Back across the ocean in the US, HzO uses a chemical vapour to coat the device, protecting the components against damage by water or any more potentially corrosive liquid without changing the look or feel of the handset. Like P2i, HzO's technology is implemented at the manufacturing stage, and according to Marketing Manager Jared Matkin, that's where it plans to continue to focus its efforts rather than offering an aftermarket solution. "We are working directly with OEM's/manufacturers to integrate our licensable technology into production lines so that when products come to market they already have our coating on them," he told us. "I can say that our nano-coating protects against full submersion, and while we don't recommend people live an underwater existence with their nano-coated device, that protection in most normal, 'real world' scenarios will last the lifetime of the device." HzO has recently been working with Rakuten to waterproof their next generation of e-readers, the Kobo Aura One. Other partners include Dell and Motorola, but they have yet to put their name publicly on any waterproof smartphones. Semblant It doesn't look pretty, but it's crucially important to saving your phone Semblant is a more recent addition to the waterproofing world, and offers a similar solution to P2i and HzO, but claims to be targeting their nano-coating technology specifically at phones and other electronic devices. Simon McElrea, CEO of Semblant believes its solution offers a superior way to protect smartphones, calling for "a much more elegant solution" rather than just spraying chemicals. Semblant's coating technology coats every single internal component of the treated device, covering the circuit boards, ports and other delicate parts with a hydrophobic nano coating that – once applied – is a permanent solution. "Water WILL get into the phone" says McElrea, "so the trick is to deal with it once it gets in there." The current trend found in with recent phones such as the Samsung S7 is to seal the phone shut to make it easier to waterproof the internals. Whilst this method does work, it makes the devices incredibly difficult to repair. Semblant's MobileShield technology protects internal components from liquid damage, whilst allowing smartphones to be more easily repaired and reused, rather than simply being discarded. McElrea believes there is currently a "paradigm shift" in waterproofing technology: "Old fashioned methods such as glues and sealants, hydrophobic exterior coatings, and gaskets...are all repurposed technologies that were not designed for the complexity of electronic devices, and particularly smartphones (which are the most abused!)" "What we will see going forward is a combination of simple gaskets, smart port design (I.e. perhaps doing away with the types of connectors/ports that allow the greatest liquid ingress, and swapping them with close-ended connectors), and internal nano-coatings on the PCBA. "I would expect to see this strategy going into several of the largest phone companies over the next 1-2 years, including the rapidly growing Chinese handset manufacturers." McElrea was keen to point out that some of the hydrophobic coatings that have been used for quite some time to cover clothing, footwear, pots and pans etc. have typically contained harmful substances like PTFE, PFOA, and PFOS. It is an unfortunate tradeoff that materials which repel water are often toxic (even carcinogenic) and non-biodegradable. Leading companies like Nike, Apple, Goretex, Patagonia etc. have outlawed these materials and they are in turn being banned by state and national governments across the US, so companies like Semblant could hold the key to making waterproofing more sustainable. No more watery graves Whether you are after a waterproof phone, or want to do something to protect your existing handset, there's a variety of solutions out there. It looks certain that the future will be full of waterproof gadgets, thanks to the technologies being developed by P2i, HzO and Semblant - and the costs of adding in this feature are offset by the increased consumer confidence in the device. Put simply, it'll be a hygiene factor: when most brands offer it, phones that don't repel water will be seen as useless. There's little needed to convince consumers that it should be a default feature of any future smartphone, and of course manufacturers are striving for better device reliability to give us a longer-lasting product. It's a safe bet that in the near future, virtually every new smartphone will come bearing some form of the liquid-guarding technology. But that's just the start of it - the techniques that save our phones from drowning will make us healthier and keep our phones looking smarter, according to Dr. Coulson of P2, who sees a big future in nanotechnologies and other protective coatings. "This is just the beginning for invisible coatings on electronic devices. The future will see the likes of anti-scratch, anti-fingerprint and even antimicrobial coatings as standard – all applied at such a tiny scale that you won't even know it's there" he told us. And the best bit: you won't even notice it's there. Tags Samsung Galaxy Related news The best coffee machine deals on Black Friday 2016 The best Black Friday deals 2016 The muscles of our robot overlords will be made of nylon The best VPN services and 20 Black Friday VPN deals See more Mobile phones news Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Moto G4 is now even better thanks to Android Nougat update 2 CES 2017: All the news, reviews and videos from the massive Las Vegas tech show 3 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 4 The 15 best laptops of 2017: the top laptops ranked 5 The 10 best compact cameras in 2017 1 First look: Razer Project Valerie 2 Sony Bravia A1E review 3 Samsung's first gaming laptops are gorgeous and upgradable 4 HDMI 2.1 embraces the 8K HDR-filled future of television 5 iPhones could be getting a ‘theater mode’ so you can stay connected in the cinema TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
TechRadar pro IT insights for business Search RSS News Reviews Insights TechRadar Business Laptop/PC Printers Hardware Software Mobile working Security Networks Management Data centre & Cloud News Mac Pro 2016 release date, news and rumours Mac Pro 2016 release date, news and rumours By Ben Stinson PC   Is a new desktop powerhouse about to be revealed? Shares It's been a little while since the Apple Mac Pro received an update. The existing 'trashcan' model was announced at Apple's WWDC back in June 2013, and finally arrived on the market six months later. Despite it being the company's top-of-the-line desktop, the hardware is starting to look a little dated alongside the rest of Apple's device line-up, so we reckon it is definitely due some specification improvements, and perhaps an updated design, too. Apple's computing market share dipped to 4.9% in Q2 of 2016, so an update to reinvigorate the remaining Mac power users is sorely needed. Hints in Mac OS X El Capitan's code suggest that the new Mac Pro could arrive with 10 USB ports, whilst either the new Intel Xeon E5 v4 or AMD Zen processors are likely to be the CPU of choice. Other rumours suggest Apple will be dropping the Mac Pro in favour of a powerful all-in-one iMac Pro with a 5K screen and super-speedy Xeon E7 paired with either the AMD FirePro W9100 or Polaris 10 chipsets. If you want to know more, keep reading to find out what we're hoping to see in a 2016 Mac Pro update. Also check out: iMac 2016 release date, news and rumours Cut to the chase What is it? Apple's most powerful desktop computer When is it out? Late 2016 What will it cost? Expect it to be similar to the current prices, which start at £2,499 (or $2,999) Mac Pro 2016 release date Everything regarding a Mac Pro release date is pure speculation at present, as it hasn't been confirmed if, or when, a new Mac Pro might arrive. Considering that Apple's top-tier desktop machine hasn't had an update since 2013, it is long overdue. According to MacObserver, Apple's crowd of dedicated power users is rapidly dwindling, and those that remain are mostly holding on to their aging – but more easily upgraded – Mac Pro workstations from 2012. With swathes of frustrated Mac users starting to get impatient, we're speculating that Apple's new Mac Pro update – in whatever form it takes – will likely arrive alongside the official release of the macOS Sierra update, which is scheduled for autumn 2016 (probably mid-October). As is Apple's style, everything official is kept a secret until the moment of release (though sometimes the invitation gives away a hint or two). Once we do finally see a new Mac Pro arrive, you can expect it to be worth the wait. Mac Pro 2016 price At present, the range of Mac Pros starts at a lofty £2,499 ($2,999) for a model with a quad-core Xeon processor and 12GB of RAM, whilst the variant with a 6-core Xeon and 16GB of RAM costs an eye-watering £3,299 ($3,999). Apple tends to be quite rigid with its pricing structure, but as there's uncertainty concerning Apple's next move in the Pro range, it's difficult to predict exactly what the new system could cost. Did El Capitan drop a Mac Pro hint? El Capitan isn't Apple's latest operating system, as the new Sierra developer preview was launched at WWDC 2016. According to the Pike's Universum blog, hints within El Capitan's code point to a yet-to-be-revealed Mac Pro codenamed 'AAPLJ95,1'. As the current generation of Mac Pro was codenamed 'AAPLJ90,1', it's highly plausible that the code is referring to an unreleased upgrade. The code suggests that the new machine will sport 10 USB 3.0 ports, which would be a silly amount to expect on the back of an iMac. The existing Mac Pro has 4 USB ports and 6 Thunderbolt 2 ports, whilst the iMac has 4 USB and 2 Thunderbolt connectors. It's likely that since this code was dropped, the USB ports would be updated to version 3.1 and Thunderbolt 3 in the form of USB-C ports, offering 40Gbps transfer speeds. Someone somewhere is likely to already be combing their way through the macOS Sierra code to try and find further hints of unreleased Apple products, and you can be sure we'll update you if anything comes to light. Time to dump the trashcan and return to tower? Despite the most recent model boasting a compact, aesthetically pleasing cylindrical design, hordes of professional Mac users are still clinging on to their 2010 and 2012 Mac Pros, purely because they are so easily upgradable. The larger tower form factor has space for plenty of storage drives, and the 12-core 3.46GHz Intel Xeon Westmere processor in the older model still rivals the 2.7GHz 12-core Intel Xeon E5 CPU found in the 2013 Mac Pro. The older 'classic' Mac Pro also had ample space for a wide range of powerful video cards, alongside multiple expansion cards and other upgrades. The current 'trashcan' design (as some refer to it) is much more limited in this department, and means that external expansion cages and drives clutter desks, detracting somewhat from the monolithic appearance of the Mac Pro. Despite the current Mac Pro being a very powerful machine, it's not really ideal for the intended market. Professional developers, music and video producers need the room for PCI expansion and plenty of storage possibilities, leading many to question the viability of the Mac Pro in its existing form. Because of this need, we can't see Apple dropping its most powerful line altogether, although the company could reinvent the Mac Pro with a clever add-on that sits alongside or below the existing cylindrical tower, and offers the expansion that power users so desperately need. Similar ideas have been employed for recent gaming laptops such as the Alienware Graphics Amplifier, though this makes more sense when portability is required – not with a static desktop machine. Is an iMac enough for the pros? It's clear that we've been waiting long enough for a refresh, particularly when yearly iterations have become the norm across Apple's other device ranges. Apple needs to pull something out of the bag to please dedicated pro users who are still so entwined with macOS and the dwindling range of exclusive software available on it. The cylindrical Mac Pro is an incredibly complex design, so much so that Apple recently patented the form factor and the way the components are organised within. Whilst this might suggest that Apple is not yet done with the current Mac Pro, many users who don't need the expansion possibilities detailed above will be content (for now) with a beefed-up iMac. An iMac Pro would have to offer a 27-inch 5K display, one or two of the latest Intel Xeon E7 or AMD Zen processors, and a 32GB AMD FirePro W9100 or an 8GB Radeon RX 480 (which is based on AMD's new Polaris 10 architecture) to satisfy the cravings of Mac Pro users. Is all this possible, or even enough? Only time will tell. Related news The best coffee machine deals on Black Friday 2016 The best Black Friday deals 2016: all the best deals in the US The best Walmart Friday deals 2016 The best Target Black Friday deals 2016 See more PC news Load Comments GET YOUR FREE MAGAZINE NET: The Money Issue worth £5.99 Join 13,000 TechRadar Pro subscribers! Sign up for a new, free business service from TechRadar Pro to help you in your job delivering high value, original content direct to your inbox GET MY FREE MAGAZINE No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Moto G4 is now even better thanks to Android Nougat update 2 CES 2017: All the news, reviews and videos from the massive Las Vegas tech show 3 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 4 The 15 best laptops of 2017: the top laptops ranked 5 The 10 best compact cameras in 2017 1 First look: Razer Project Valerie 2 Sony Bravia A1E review 3 Samsung's first gaming laptops are gorgeous and upgradable 4 HDMI 2.1 embraces the 8K HDR-filled future of television 5 iPhones could be getting a ‘theater mode’ so you can stay connected in the cinema TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Microsoft > Windows FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! Microsoft Follows in Apple’s Footsteps, Wants to Remove Low-Quality Apps GO Redmond starts a store cleaning process too Sep 3, 2016 07:44 GMT  ·  By Bogdan Popa  ·  Share:  A few hours ago, we told you that Apple started the fight against non-functional and outdated apps published in its store, and now it turns out that Microsoft is doing the same thing with titles available in the Windows Store. Specifically, Microsoft has started emailing developers that their apps need to comply with the Store guidelines or otherwise they will be removed. As compared to Apple, however, Microsoft is specifically looking into the quality of each app, as Redmond is no longer interested in quantity, but more in the experience that users get when installing apps from the store. According to reports, the software giant is closely evaluating all apps, including those publicly available and in private beta programs, and developers are being told to update their apps should any adjustments be needed to comply with store requirements. Microsoft more aggressive than Apple On the other hand, Microsoft seems to be a little bit more aggressive than Apple with its app cleaning process, and while Cupertino guarantees developers that their apps will have their names reserved when getting unpublished, the software giant does exactly the opposite. Microsoft says that, once an app is removed, it also loses the rights over its name, so devs might have to pick a different name should they want to return to the store. It’s no secret that the Windows Store has an app problem, not necessarily because of the lack of apps, but mostly because there are plenty of spammy titles that do nothing more than to try to capitalize on the popularity of famous software solutions. The VLC case is living proof in this regard, as there were lots of fake VLC apps published in the store before the VideoLAN team launched the official multimedia player on Windows 8 and Windows Phone. Microsoft has always promised to put the focus more on quality, and according to store guidelines, apps “must provide a valuable and quality user experience.” It remains to be seen how exactly this new cleaning process impacts the number of apps available in the store, but developers should be ready for the worst if they don’t comply with these requirements. #Microsoft#Windows 10#Windows Store#Apple#Windows 10 apps subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Next Windows 10 RS2 Build with Wi-Fi Bug Fix to Launch “in the Next Few Days” Microsoft Makes Subtle Changes to Windows 10 Mobile Hardware Requirements Windows 10 Wins Gamers, Gets Closer to 50 Percent Share on Steam New Browser with Ad Blocking Launches on Windows Phones Nokia E1 Could Be Unveiled at MWC 2017 Alongside Nokia D1, Here Are Its Specs 2015 VPN Android Bug Still There in Nougat (And It’s Pushing Users to iPhones) KillDisk System Destructive Malware Now Targeting Linux FBI Hack Most Likely a Hoax, CMS Maker Says Google Assistant on Pixel Phones to Get Support for Keyboard Input Galaxy S7 edge Blue Coral Variant to Land in Europe Soon Samsung Galaxy C5 Pro Allegedly Leaks in Live Blurry Image Google Calendar for Android and iOS Integrated with Fitness Goals    The Windows 10 Store New Apps LangOver: Easily translate texts and search the Internet using Google by pressing hotkeys, with the help of this easy to use system tray application Portable Jutoh: Enables you to easily create electronic books in EPUB, MOBI, TXT, MP3, HTML and ODT formats, from existing files or from scratch SynciOS Data Transfer: Transfer contacts, messages, calendar entries or multimedia items directly from one phone to another or backup phone data to the computer WonderFox DVD Video Converter: Convert video and audio files to other formats, rip DVDs and download videos from the Internet with this powerful and intuitive application DreamPlan Home Design Software: Plan and design a house or condo for personal or professional use, with the help of multiple features such as texture settings, decorations or 3D renditions Moneydance: Keep up to date with your budget statements, transaction records and general financial trends, with this comprehensive application WifiHistoryView: Extracts information about the current and past wireless network connections of your computer, displaying a complete list you can export Reader comments Load old comments   Dell Launches the 2017 XPS 15 Laptop with Windows 10 more on: Dell i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Skip to: Content | | Footer Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More! If you see this message, your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings so Newegg.com can function correctly. Feedback / Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center All Products DEALS & SERVICES Newegg Mobile Shop Exclusive Deals on our Mobile App! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event The Best of 2016 What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel 7th Gen More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 42 2000 144 736 994 37 182 320 107 75 741 446 Editor Tested Avegant Glyph, A Personal Theater CarVi, A Smarter Driving Assistant Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Trending Events Ushering in a New You Radio Controlled Tech Deals For Sellers Sell on Marketplace Save Big with Shipped by Newegg iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search iframe for layout Home >  Computer Systems >  Laptops / Notebooks >  Laptops / Notebooks >  Apple >  Item#: 2SN-0001-000D4 Back To Combo Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery … Apple Laptop MacBook Air MJVM2LL/A 5th Generation Intel Core i5 1.6 GHz 4 GB Memory 128 GB SSD Intel HD Graphics 6000 11.6" Mac OS X v10.10 Yosemite Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Intel Core i5 1.60 GHz 4 GB Memory 128 GB SSD Intel HD Graphics 6000 1366 x 768 LOADING... Apple Laptop MacBook Air MJVM2LL/A 5th Generation Intel Core i5 1.6 GHz 4 GB Memory 128 GB SSD Intel HD Graphics 6000 11.6" Mac OS X v10.10 Yosemite Back To Top Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Learn more about the Apple MJVM2LL/A Model| Brand Apple Series MacBook Air Model MJVM2LL/A Part Number Quick Info| Color Brushed Aluminum Operating System Mac OS X v10.10 Yosemite CPU 5th Generation Intel Core i5 1.6 GHz Screen 11.6" Memory 4 GB Storage 128 GB SSD Optical Drive No Graphics Card Intel HD Graphics 6000 Video Memory Shared memory Dimensions (W x D x H) 11.80" x 7.60" x 0.70" Weight 2.38 lbs. CPU| CPU Type Intel Core i5 CPU Speed 1.60 GHz Core Name Broadwell Number of Cores Dual-core Processor Display| Screen Size 11.6" Touchscreen No Wide Screen Support Yes Resolution 1366 x 768 LCD Features LED-Backlit Glossy Operating System| Operating System Mac OS X v10.10 Yosemite Graphics| GPU/VPU Intel HD Graphics 6000 Video Memory Shared system memory Graphic Type Integrated Card Hard Drives| SSD 128 GB Memory| Memory 4 GB Memory Speed LPDDR3 1600 Max Memory Supported 4 GB Communications| WLAN 802.11ac Wireless LAN Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 Input Device| Touchpad Yes Webcam Yes General| Style Ultrabook Type Mainstream Usage Consumer Power| Battery Lithium Polymer Battery Life > 5 hours Dimensions & Weight| Dimensions (W x D x H) 11.80" x 7.60" x 0.70" Weight 2.38 lbs. Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 1 year Limited Warranty period (labor): 1 year Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.apple.com/| Support Phone: 1-800-275-2273 Support Website| View other products from Apple Return Policies Return for refund within: 30 days Return for replacement within: 30 days This item is covered by Newegg.com's Standard Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions.Click here for more details. Loading... Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Selected Items Reset compare Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal. Price Available at Checkout Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book Wish Lists Email Notifications Subscriptions Orders Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Sell on Newegg Marketplace Shipped by Newegg Become an Affiliate Become a Newegg Vendor Site Map Shop by Brand Product Review Video Center Rebates Trade-In Your Items Mobile Apps Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy  © 2000-2017 Newegg Inc.  All rights reserved. Close close window If the Adobe Reader does not appear when you click on a link for a PDF file, you can download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site.
Home News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In The Paint In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Wabash Valley Classic Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Moore to the Story Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery 8° F Few Clouds Hi: 15° F Lo: 2° F 2 Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Latest Headlines UN chief sees ‘historic opportunity’ for Cyprus breakthrough Updated: 1 min ago UNITED NATIONS (AP) — Secretary-General Antonio Guterres believes there is “a historic opportunity” for a breakthrough in upcoming negotiati… US ambassador meets goal _ visiting 189 UN missions Updated: 1 min ago UNITED NATIONS (AP) — Samantha Power has completed a personal goal she set when becoming the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations in August… Police brace for Sri Lanka rally against port lease to China Updated: 1 min ago Mexico rejects “threats” against foreign firms’ investments Updated: 1 min ago Family: Shooting suspect ‘lost his mind’ after tour in Iraq Updated: 1 min ago Weather Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Current Conditions 8° F Few Clouds Feels Like: -4° F Wind: NW 8 Humidity: 67% Dewpoint: -1° F Sunrise: 8:10 AM Sunset: 5:41 PM Terre Haute Weather Forecast Radar Tower Cam Satellite Sponsored by: Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In The Paint In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Wabash Valley Classic Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Moore to the Story Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery Search for: Search the site 8° F Few Clouds Hi: 15° F Lo: 2° F Internet reacts to gun emoji being replaced by water gun WATE 6 On Your Side Published: September 3, 2016, 3:00 am Updated: September 3, 2016, 3:00 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (WATE) – Following an online push for Apple to remove the gun emoji, the tech giant decided to replace the regular gun emoji with a water gun and it’s being met with mixed reactions online. Apple announced the change earlier this month, and it has now been implemented with the iOS 10 update. So apple’s replacing 🔫 with a water gun emoji to end gun violence. Wow finally, no one will die from irresponsible emoji use anymore 👏👏👏👏😒 — nouf. (@noufcathrese) August 28, 2016   I love it how Apple changed the gun emoji to a water gun in iOS 10 😂😂 — Pat (@Reemer13) August 27, 2016   Some people have been in trouble with the law before because of the old gun emoji. According to CNN a 12-year-old in Virginia was charged after allegedly threatening her school in an Instagram post that used a gun, knife and bomb emoji. A teen in Brooklyn was arrested for posting a police emoji with pistol emojis pointing at his head. The charges were later dropped. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts Jury trial for suspect involved in 2015 police action shooting pushed back Indiana lawmakers bill would get rid of existing laws requiring a license to carry a gun Walmart Black Friday deals 2016 Google gets aggressive with new phones, other gadgets Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Comments are closed. Advertisement Photo Galleries Hello Santa! PHOTOS: Items confiscated by TSA Holiday shopping 2016: This year’s most dangerous toys Dec. 13: Snow in the Wabash Valley PHOTOS: Santa’s North Pole home valued at $656,957 Photos: Light Your Way Christmas Parade Go Orange to help support awareness for hunger problems Photos: Going Blue for Diabetes Photos: Celebrating Veterans Day 2016 Operation: Honor Flight, Part 1 Photos: Kevin’s No Shave November progress WTHI is taking part in No Shave November Haircuts with a purpose; support members in your community battling cancer Photos: Halloween costumes for 2016 Photos and Poll: Show us your support for your team! Latest News Newly renovated hotel open for business Woman drives into river to avoid cops, drinks beer as car floats along “It’s been the difference between life or death.” Businesses face severe impacts of Illinois budget crisis Report says Putin ordered effort on US election New arson investigators for Vigo County sworn in Experts: Indiana black bear hibernating in wildlife refuge “If we keep taxing the working people of this community it’s going to make us less viable.” Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTHITV.com © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News News Local Crime Education Health News Illinois Indiana Southern Indiana US & World On Your Side Photo Galleries Digital Download Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Healthy Living Make a Difference Pet Saver Golden Apple Weather Forecast Radar Closings and Delays Weather Alerts Tower Cams Satellite Severe Weather Current Conditions Text Alerts Weather Pics Weather App More Community Calendar Pump Watch Television Schedule Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Lottery Job Watch 10 Sports Sports College High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State MLB NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Station About WTHI-TV Advertise Contact WTHI-TV Email & Text Alerts Child Programming FCC Public File EEO Report Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home Mobiles Reviews Gadgets Features Top 10 Mobiles How to Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Gadgets Reviews Features How To Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Mobile  |  News  | Apple revives Twitter account before iPhone7 launch Apple revives Twitter account before iPhone7 launch By: Gizbot Bureau Published: Saturday, September 3, 2016, 12:00 [IST] Just ahead of its much-anticipated September 7 event where the company is set to unveil an array of products including iPhone 7, Apple on Friday re-activated its dormant Twitter account it registered in September 2011. Though the verified account -- @Apple -- has yet to post a tweet, it already has more than 95,300 followers. SEE ALSO: Here's How You Can Make Calls From Any 2G/3G Phone Using JioFi WiFi Hotspot Apple has changed its profile photo to a black Apple logo on a white background. It is speculated that Apple's first post might be a live tweet from the September 7 keynote address. According to tech website The Next Web, generally averse to promoting its products and services on Facebook, Twitter and other social media platforms, Apple has more recently taken steps to up its social media presence. Apple has already launched customer support portals like @AppleSupport and @AppleNews which surface fresh content featured in the Apple News iOS app. During a mega event at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco, Apple is set to unveil iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus smartphones along with the next generation Apple Watch. SEE ALSO: Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Exploded: Here Are Other Smartphones That Exploded in Recent Times People can pre-order the luxury smartphone from September 9 while sales may begin from September 16. The new iPhone 7 will reportedly have a dual rear camera, a pressure-sensitive home button, bluetooth-supported headphones, dual speakers at the bottom and Type-C interface, signalling the end of the 3.5 mm headphone jack in the iPhone family. Source IANS Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Pro Specifications Photos Videos News Specifications Photos Videos News Apple Iphone 7 32gb 54,999 Gallery   |   11 Photos Apple iPhone 7 +See All Read More About iphone 7 | apple | Twitter | news Other articles published on Sep 3, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... Xolo Era 2X First Impressions: Most Affordable Smartphone With Fingerprint Scanner LeEco Rumoured To Unveil Its Next Generation ecoTVs in India Idea To Launch Free 4G Data and International Calling Offers Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK List of 6GB RAM Smartphones That Are Available Globally Google Starts Rolling Out January Android Security Update Moto is Hosting the Moto Collide Event In India Find out the Total Number of WhatsApp Messages Sent in One Day MSI Unveils New Lineup Of 7th Generation 4K Laptops Corning to Feature Evolution of Glass Age Vision at CES 2017 OnePlus Opens its First ‘Experience Store’ in India 8 Exciting Initiatives that Google has taken for India Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro with 6GB of RAM Launching in India Soon Samsung Galaxy S8 Rumor Roundup: Digital Assistant, 8GB RAM and More Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles LYF Water 3Karbonn Titanium Vista 4GAsus ZenFone Go 4.5 LTE (ZB450KL)Karbonn K9 Viraat 4GLYF Wind 7SVideocon Bazoomba6 V2SBAsus ZenFone 3 Max ZC553KLLenovo K6 NoteSwipe Elite MaxZTE Nubia N1Motorola Moto MSwipe Elite StarPanasonic Eluga PrimAlcatel Idol 4Lenovo Phab 2 Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Small Business Trends Events Influencer Awards Book Awards Marketplace Resource Center RSS Pinterest Linked In Google Plus Twitter Facebook Small Business Trends News • Resources • Advice Home Marketing & Social Social Media Retail Trends Sales Marketing Tips Local Marketing Management Management Employment Business Books Book Lists Humor Small Business Operations Technology Product Lists Technology Trends Product Reviews Finance Economy Taxes VC & Angel Capital Small Business Loans Finance Advice Startup Franchise Handmade Business Green Business Interviews Research Resources Tools Guides Templates Quizzes Resource Center More News Small Business News Small Business Events Calendar Events and Contest Lists Selling To Small Businesses Small Business Press Releases Small Business Trade Publication And More Daily Tips Cartoon Gallery Infographics Gallery Company About Announcements Newsletter Archive Contact Us Advertise Advertise Spotlight Trending: Women Entrepreneurs Facebook Crowdfunding Videos January 6, 2017 Acer Swift 7 and Spin 7 Seem Useful for Mobile Business — If You Don’t Mind the Price Sep 2, 2016 by Michael Guta In Technology Trends 2 152 Shares | 127 23 10 Print This Article 15 Email this Article 152 Shares 127 23 10 15 Email this Article Print This Article When Apple launched the MacBook Air, it introduced a new level of portability in computing with a very slim form factor and functionality that got everyone’s attention. Although it has taken a while, Acer (TPE:2353) has one upped Apple with the announcement of its new laptop and a two-in-one, called the Swift 7 and Spin 7 respectively, at the IFA 2016 in Berlin. The need for small and powerful portable computing is extremely important for business users, because remote work, collaboration and hosted services are all key for the way today’s workforce access digital technology. And the two computers by Acer are not only slim, but they also feature the latest Intel processors so you should be able to tackle even the most demanding applications without too much trouble. A Look at the New Small Acer Laptops The Swift 7 The Swift 7 is 0.39-inches or 9.98mm thick (or thin), making it the first laptop thinner than a centimeter, and according to the company, the world’s thinnest laptop. At only 2.48 pounds it is also light, but Acer has added powerful components that business users now demand with their portable computing. This laptop is a Windows 10 machine with a 13.3-inch Full HD IPS display that is powered by the latest Intel 7th-generation Core i5 processor, 8GB of RAM and 256GB of SSD storage. The system doesn’t have a fan, so it is a passively cooled design with an aluminum uni-body chassis. The Swift 7 has two USB-C 3.1 ports and a headphone jack with a battery that Acer says will give you nine hours of power by leveraging the new Intel chipset. The wireless connectivity delivers 3X faster wireless speeds using a 2×2 802.11ac with MU-MIMO technology. A feature that might seem odd is the very large touchpad. The company says it will give you more space to navigate with so you can scroll and click with improved accuracy. The Swift 7 is going to be available first in China sometime in September, followed by the US and Europe in October for $999.99. The Convertible Spin 7 The Spin 7 is a two-in-one that is also slim, coming in at 0.43 inches (10.98mm) thin and weighing 2.6 pounds. It also runs on Windows 10 along with Continuum, an application that can detect the device that is being used and adjust accordingly to optimize the functionality. What this means for the business user is, when you switch from laptop to tablet, Continuum will modify the system so you can be more efficient. The processor for the Spin 7 is more powerful, taking advantage of the Intel Core i7, but the RAM, storage and ports are the same as the Swift 7. As for the battery, you get one hour less at eight hours, which is still respectable considering the size of the display. The biggest difference from the Swift is the 14-inch full HD IPS touchscreen that flips all the way back. This flexibility lets you use the Spin 7 in four different modes: laptop, stand, tent and tablet. The price for the Spin is higher, starting at $1,199 and with the same availability date in the US. Value The Swift 7 and Spin 7 are not the cheapest portable computers, but the market is proving business users are willing to pay for powerful devices that are highly portable and functional. Apple, Microsoft,  Samsung, Huawei and Xiaomi have similar products at very different price points. So if you are in the market for one of these computers, take your time and find out what your needs are, because you have many options. Images: Acer 2 Comments ▼ 2016-09-02 Advertise Here Editor's Picks Could Business Meetings of the Future Be in Virtual Reality? The Company Behind League of Legends is Teaming Up With Major League Baseball (Watch) Mercedes-Benz Tests Croove, a Car-Sharing Platform That’s Like Airbnb for Cars Michael Guta RSS Twitter Michael Guta is a Staff Writer for Small Business Trends focusing on business systems, gadgets and other small business news. He has a background in information and communications technology coordination. 2 Reactions Robert Brady September 2, 2016 at 8:04 am The specs you get with these ultra-thin computers is impressive. I would be concerned with the absence of a fan and that much horsepower. Seems like it would get really hot on your lap. Reply Michael Guta September 2, 2016 at 9:05 am Hi Robert, The fact it is fanless also caught my attention, but it just goes to show how advanced today’s high power processor are in dissipating heat. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Advertise Here Subscribe Follow @SmallBizTrends RSS LinkedIn Pinterest iTunes Subscribe to our Newsletter Submit Small Business Resources Business Gift Giving Guide View All Advertise Here Follow @smallbiztrends Newsletter Signup About Small Business Trends Founded in 2003, Small Business Trends is an award-winning online publication for small business owners, entrepreneurs and the people who interact with them. It is one of the most popular independent small business publications on the web. Together with hundreds of expert contributors, Small Business Trends brings you the news, advice and resources you need. "Small business success... delivered daily." Contact Contact Us Looking for Writers Advertise Support Privacy Terms About Company Media Kit Resource Center Newsletter Archives Trade Publications Our Other Sites BizSugar Book Awards Influencers Tweak Your Biz Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked In Pinterest RSS © Copyright 2003 - 2017, Small Business Trends LLC. All rights reserved. "Small Business Trends" is a registered trademark. Powered by Social Media Periscope Introduces Live 360 Video 62 Percent of Small Business Owners Say Facebook Ads Miss Their Targets, Weebly Reports Now What? CEO Asks Users How to Improve Twitter Go To Social Media > Retail Trends Amazon Tests New Service Called “Sell as Individual” Customer Returns Reach All Time High — But That’s a Good Thing, Says UPS 15 Small Business Tips for After the Holiday Season Go To Retail Trends > Sales These Website Glitches Are Hurting Sales 25 Phone Sales Tips for Successful Cold Calling 10 Ways to Increase Your Small Business Sales Go To Sales > Marketing Tips 15 Killer Landing Page Builders Building Long Term Customer Loyalty in Disposable Times 4 Reasons Why Your Gym Needs a Mobile App Go To Marketing Tips > Local Marketing 42 Percent of Small Businesses Give Up to $1,000 to Charity and Prefer to Donate Cash 5 Reasons Your Local SEO Company Isn’t Providing Results What is USPS Every Door Direct Mail and Which Small Businesses Should Use It? Go To Local Marketing > Management How to Get a Hold of Spending in 2017 If You Believe, You Can Achieve — 40 Affirmations for Small Business Owners Ask These Questions to Gauge an Employee’s Management Potential Go To Management > Employment Technology Is More Likely to Take Jobs From Women Than Men (Watch) Could Your Own Employees Be a Security Threat? (Infographic) Minimum Wage Going Up in Many Communities: Is Your Business Affected? Go To Employment > Business Books A Nimble Focused Feisty Culture is More Powerful (and Profitable) Than You Ever Imagined Bigger Business Blueprint Bridges Gap Between Conceptual Innovation and Practice The Start-Up J Curve Dispels the Myth of the Overnight Success Go To Business Books > Book Lists 10 Books on Creativity to Spark Your Inner Genius Best Management Books for 2017 10 Awesome Marketing Books for Holiday Gift Giving Go To Book Lists > Humor Ditch The Really Strange Interview Questions Before It’s Too Late Working from Home: The New Normal? Some People Get a Little Too Wrapped Up in Secret Santa Go To Humor > Small Business Operations What is Open Source Software and How Can You Use it For Business? 70 Percent of Small Business Owners Do Not See a Holiday as a Vacation from Work 15 Things You Should Consider When Comparing eCommerce Order Fulfillment Services Go To Small Business Operations > Product Lists Free Video Conferencing Services to Challenge Skype Need an App? Can’t Code? This List of App Builders Should Help 20 Top Privacy Screen Protectors for Your Computers and Phones Go To Product Lists > Technology Trends What is the Biggest Obstacle to Moving Your Business to the Cloud? (POLL) Checklist of Essential Small Business Technology in 2017 Nearly Half of Small Businesses Expected to Adopt Mobile Apps by 2017 (Infographic) Go To Technology Trends > Product Reviews VideoBlocks Gives Video Editors, Designers another Option Happy Grasshopper Delivers Customized Email Followup Nextdoor Seeks to Bring Neighborhood Businesses and Customers Together Go To Product Reviews > Economy Airbnb’s Paris Problem Shows a Common Issue for Disruptive Startups (Watch) 8 Rural and Small Town Trends for 2017 Will Fed Rate Hike Mean Easier Access to Small Business Loans? Go To Economy > Taxes 10 Tax and Budgeting Moves to Start the New Year Off Right Your Small Business Needs To Do These Things Right After IRS Audits IRS Mileage Rates for 2017 Announced — with Minor Decreases Go To Taxes > VC & Angel Capital Why I Want an Allocation of Snap Why It’s the Most Wonderful Time of the Year (For Angel Investors) Is There a Series A Financing Crunch? Go To VC & Angel Capital > Small Business Loans Small Business Lending from Big Banks and Institutional Lenders Surges, Biz2Credit Reports Sky’s The Limit? Big Bank Lending for Small Businesses Just Keeps Climbing Top 13 U.S. Microlenders for Small Businesses Right Now Go To Small Business Loans > Finance How to Invest in Startups Using a Gold IRA Does Your Bank Count Debits to Intentionally Create More Overdrafts? Opportunity Fund Targets Minority Businesses, Loans More Than $60 Million in 2016 Go To Finance > Startup Model for Success? Dress Swap Company Raises $60M for Growth Could China’s Uber for Trucks Pave the Way to Similar Service for Small U.S. Haulers? 3 Business Opportunities for Veterans Go To Startup > Franchise 20 Fitness Franchises: Planet Fitness and Beyond Big Mac Creator and Early McDonald’s Franchise Owner Dies at 98 Veteran Finds Dream Franchise — Caring for Others Go To Franchise > Handmade Business Etsy Offers Sellers Quickbooks Integration in New Partnership with Intuit 7 Things To Do To Improve Your Handmade Business in 10 Minutes or Less 7 Ways to Avoid Handmade Business Burnout Go To Handmade Business > Green Business Beijing Designer Puts a Stylish New Spin on Smog Masks (Watch) 50 Ways to Make Your Business Greener This Year What Your Business Can Learn From Paris’s Pollution Problem (Watch) Go To Green Business > Interviews Darnell Holloway of Yelp: Bad Review 33 Percent More Likely to Be Upgraded with a Quick Personalized Response Jamie Domenici of Salesforce: SMBs Can’t Rely on Excel and Email Forever to Manage Customer Relationships A Look Back On Livestreaming In 2016 Go To Interviews > Research 84 Percent of Online Customers Trust Online Reviews, New Survey Says 58 Percent of Small Businesses Already Have International Customers, Survey Finds 10 Seemingly Unrelated Lessons that Will Make You a Better Entrepreneur Go To Research > Tools Marketplace Do You Qualify for a Small Business Loan? Research Your Business Guides Incorporate A Business Buying a Franchise Templates Social Media Calendar Template for Small Business Getting Your Growth Rates Straight: Annual Growth And CAGR Free Landing Page Templates Go To Templates > Quizzes Find What Business Structure is Right for You Resource Center Looking for templates, checklists or guides? The Small Business Resource Center has them! Close Subscribe to our Newsletter Submit
null
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive Prep Football: Apple Valley QB Mossy Bell sets school record in Barrel Game win Friday Sep 2, 2016 at 12:01 AM Sep 2, 2016 at 11:39 PM Jose Quintero Staff Writer @dd_jquintero APPLE VALLEY — Mossy Bell had a record-breaking performance to help Apple Valley beat Granite Hills 67-7 in the third annual Barrel Game on Friday. Bell threw for a school record six touchdowns. The senior quarterback showed great command of his offense as the Sun Devils barreled through the Cougars in front of a packed house at Newton T. Bass Stadium. Bell completed 9 of 19 passes for 109 yards and five TDs in the first half to tie the school record, head coach Matt Rohrbaugh said. Bell added 68 yards and his sixth score of the night in the third quarter. He was pulled from the game with the Sun Devils in the redzone to start the fourth quarter. After the game Bell said he was pleased with his performance in the team’s first home game of the season. "We had some really good looks down field tonight,” he said. “There were a lot of openings in the defense. Coach tells us when we run five wide we will always have something open in the middle of the field. ... I really love passing the ball. It puts a lot of weight on my shoulders but it's a challenge I feel I can ... take on." But it wasn't all pretty for the Sun Devils. The 10 first half incompletions included eight dropped balls by Apple Valley receivers. Bell acknowledged he wasn't happy with the drops but said he made sure his receivers knew they had to keep their heads up and "get the next one." Rohrbaugh said those dropped passes were addressed at halftime. "Mossy was putting the ball in some really nice places and those balls should have been caught," he said. "Overall, I was pleased with the team's performance tonight we just have to clean some things up. Mossy is really performing. Two great performances in a row. I'm very proud of how this team is really gelling right now." The Sun Devils got off to a blazing start as a 21-yard run from Andrew Chambers set up Bell's first touchdown to Charles Logan from 5 yards out. Then Francisco Reyes picked off Granite Hills quarterback Josh Mondragon to set up Bell's second TD pass less than 4 minutes into the game. The Sun Devils forced another punt on the ensuing drive and then Seth Baker carved through Granite Hills defenders for a 17-yard run that gave the Sun Devils a commanding 19-0 lead. If there is a silver lining for the Cougars, it's that they scored a touchdown for the first time in a Barrel Game. Granite Hills was shut out 42-0 in 2014 and 53-0 in 2015. Quarterback Austin Shriver got the Cougars on the board in the second quarter connecting with Jeffery Sanders on a 70-yard touchdown to narrow the score 40-7. Head coach Alex Gonzalez was frustrated with his team's performance after the game, saying he needed to figure out a way to change the culture at Granite Hills. "It's really going to take years before things really turn around for this program," he said. "Our guys don't practice as hard as they should be. We have about 30 players that are eligible to play and it feels like some of them feel their spot is secure and they shouldn't really practice. I had to release a kid from the team earlier this week because they think there are not any repercussions for their actions. I honestly don't feel like this season is over. I think we are still going to be able to win some games this season. We just really need the team to continue progressing in the right direction." The Cougars travel to play Knight next week while Apple Valley has a bye. Apple Valley 27 19 7 14 — 67 Granite Hills 0 7 0 0 — 7 First Quarter A — Bell 5 pass to Logan (Smith kick) A — Bell 1 pass to Griffin (Run fail) A — Baker 17 run (Run fail) A — Bell 3 pass to Witt (Widener run) Second Quarter A — Lewis 5 run (Run fail) A — Bell 5 pass to Merchant (Smith kick) G — Shriver 70 pass to Sanders (Deus kick) A — Bell 21 pass to Merchant (Run fail) Third Quarter A — Bell 31 pass to Rodriguez (Smith kick) Fourth Quarter A — Widener 10 run (Smith kick) A — Ferguson 74 run (Smith kick) About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse Sports Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Advert Saturday, January 7, 2017 6°C [Forecast]   Sign in or Create your Account Sign in Use your timesofmalta.com account to login: Email: Password: Create your Account Need help signing in? Or Sign in with Facebook or Google Times of Malta Homepage Advert Premium articles Popular stories Digital Archive e-Paper Subscribe to Premium Video on Demand News National World Social & Personal Education Interview Environment Gozo Pictures Religion Videos Odd News Sport Football Formula 1 Basketball Waterpolo Horse Racing Shooting Rugby Tennis Athletics Business News International Market Analysis Comment Technology Features Consumer Affairs Comment Editorial Opinion Letters Blogs Cartoons Timestalk Life Health & Fitness Features Fashion & Beauty Homes Motoring Escape Arts & Entertainment Travel Food & Drink Books Classifieds Property For Sale Property Wanted To Let Vehicles For Sale Situations Vacant For Sale More » Careers Finance and Legal Management IT and Engineering Sales and Marketing Services Digital Archive e-Paper Book Store Bonds Shares Sudoku Weather Webcam Letters to the editor Saturday, September 3, 2016, 00:01 by Reuters Irish Cabinet decides to fight EU on Apple tax Ireland’s Cabinet yesterday agreed to join Apple in appealing against a multibillion-euro back tax demand that the European Commission has slapped on the iPhone maker, despite misgivings among independents who back the fragile coalition. A government spokesman said that following the Cabinet’s decision, it would ask parliament to endorse the legal challenge next Wednesday. Finance Minister Michael Noonan has insisted Dublin would fight any adverse ruling ever since the EU began investigating the US tech giant’s Irish tax affairs in 2014, arguing that it had to protect a tax regime that has attracted large numbers of multinational employers. But at an earlier Cabinet meeting on Wednesday he failed to persuade a group of independent lawmakers, whose support is vital for the minority government, to agree to fight the ruling that Apple must pay up to €13 billion in tax to Dublin. Ireland’s main opposition party, Fianna Fail, also favours challenging Brussels. The government should therefore easily win parliamentary support to appeal against European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager’s ruling that Apple’s low tax arrangements in Ireland constitutes illegal state aid. We are very, very keen that, from now on, multinationals should be seen to be paying their fair share of tax Apple, anxious to defend its own interests, has already said it will lodge an appeal. For Fine Gael, the main Irish coalition party, a broader principle is at stake. It wants to take on Brussels to safeguard Ireland’s decades-old low corporate tax policy that has drawn in multinationals such as Apple, creating one in 10 jobs in what was once an impoverished country. The Independent Alliance, a group of five lawmakers, had called for a review of how tax is collected from Ireland’s large cluster of multinational companies before it considers a challenge. “We are very, very keen that, from now on, multinationals should be seen to be paying their fair share of tax. That’s very important that that comes out of this meeting today,” Transport Minister Shane Ross of the Independent Alliance told reporters before the Cabinet meeting. A failure of the Alliance to come on board would have cast doubt on the government’s survival prospects. Dublin has just over two months to lodge an appeal. Some Irish voters are astounded that the government might turn down a tax windfall equivalent to what it spent last year funding the struggling health service, and the left-wing Sinn Fein party has led attacks from the opposition. Apple CEO Tim Cook warned on Thursday that if the Dublin government did not join it in appealing, this would send the wrong message to business in a country whose economic model depends in part on companies like his. Advert See our Comments Policy Comments are submitted under the express understanding and condition that the editor may, and is authorised to, disclose any/all of the above personal information to any person or entity requesting the information for the purposes of legal action on grounds that such person or entity is aggrieved by any comment so submitted. Please allow some time for your comment to be moderated. Comments not loading? We recommend using Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox with javascript turned on. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus   Advert Similar Stories Irish Cabinet decides to fight EU on... Popular Stories Another positive year for the Maltese... China’s choices narrowing as it burns... The shock waves continue Eurozone business growth fastest in more... Trump assails GM over car production in... Uber drivers judged to be employees by... Stocks climb, dollar dips ahead of Fed... Apple pulls New York Times app in China... Prices rise and businesses grow, but ECB... The Strickland Foundation Advert X Popup Times of Malta Premium This article is part of our premium content. You have exceeded your 10 free articles for this month. A subscription is required to access Times of Malta content from overseas. Register to get 10 free articles per month. Subscribe to gain access to our premium content and services. Your subscription will also enable you to view all of the week's e-paper editions (both Times of Malta and The Sunday Times of Malta), view exclusive content, have full access to our newspaper archive to download editions from 1930 to today, and access the website in full from overseas. All of this will also be available to you from our tablet and mobile apps. Already have an account? Sign in here. Subscribe to continue reading Send us your story | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Comments Policy | Print Ad Rate | Online Ad Rate | Contact us | Copyright © 2017 timesofmalta.com Copyright © Allied Newspapers Ltd., printed on - 07-01-2017 - Printed content is for personal use only, and should not be distributed
Sat, Jan 07, 2017 | Updated 07.19 AM IST HI, Follow Us: MY PROFILE NEWSLETTER LOGOUT SIGN INFollow Us: Gadgets Now Gadgets Now TOI Home News Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets Huawei lays out ambitious goals for US and global markets Around 6% of India's urban population accesses OTT content every day: Survey Uber fares increased by up to 50% in Delhi-NCR HTC U Play smartphone specifications tipped online Vodafone users to get 'unlimited data' for an hour Madhya Pradesh Police launches app for women's safety Eram ties-up with TCS to install 1,500 e-toilets this year Verizon unsure about Yahoo's planned acquisition, says senior executive WhatsApp users in India sent 14 billion messages on New Year's Eve iOS 10 now installed on 76% of Apple devices, iOS 9 share down to 18% FOLLOW US shop FOLLOW US Gadgets Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Reviews FOLLOW US compare Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Slideshows FOLLOW US Videos FOLLOW US Brands Apple Samsung Google Sony HTC Karbonn LG Micromax Microsoft OnePlus Oppo Spice Xiaomi Acer HP InFocus Lenovo Dell FOLLOW US Checklist How To FOLLOW US Featured FOLLOW US infocus Specials ALL ShopGadgets Gadgets Now » News » Tech News » Samsung's loss could be Apple's gain Samsung's loss could be Apple's gain In a setback for Samsung and a somewhat happy news for Apple as it prepared to launch iPhone 7, the global recall by the south Korean giant of its flagship premium device Galaxy Note 7 over battery explosion fears is certainly going to affect its future prospects, experts said on Friday.IANS | Sep 3, 2016, 11.25 AM IST NEW YORK: In a setback for Samsung and a somewhat happy news for Apple as it prepared to launch iPhone 7, the global recall by the south Korean giant of its flagship premium device Galaxy Note 7 over battery explosion fears is certainly going to affect its future prospects, experts said on Friday. After just two weeks on sale and 35 faulty phone batteries reported so far, Samsung on Friday issued a global recall of Note 7 and promised to replace every unit already sold. "To date (as of September 1) there have been 35 cases that have been reported globally and we are currently conducting a thorough inspection with our suppliers to identify possible affected batteries in the market," the company said in a statement. "Samsung is committed to producing the highest quality products and we take every incident report from our valued customers very seriously. In response to recently reported cases of the new Galaxy Note7, we conducted a thorough investigation and found a battery cell issue," it added. Samsung: Gear S2 and Gear S2 Classic won’t be discontinued after Gear S3 launch Samsung will continue selling the Gear S2 wearables and even update them to the latest OS versions. According to experts, this is bad news especially at a time when Samsung had a momentum going in its favour. "Market sentiments are not with Apple at the moment and Samsung had to have a good run in months to come, buoyed by its super-successfull S7 and S7 Edge devices and now Note 7. The global recall news is a godsend for Apple which is prepared to unveil another flagship device iPhone 7 on September 7," Tarun Pathak, Senior Analyst, Mobile Devices and Ecosystems, Counterpoint Research in New Delhi, told IANS. Giving a refreshing look to its Note series, South Korean giant Samsung last month launched its Galaxy Note 7 in India for Rs 59,900 with iris biometric scanner for enhanced security, upgraded S Pen and a dual-curved screen. Another Samsung Galaxy Note 7 catches fire: Report A report from Business Korea indicates that a non-Samsung charger might be the reason behind the Galaxy Note 7 model’s explosion. "For customers who already have Galaxy Note 7 devices, we will voluntarily replace their current device with a new one over the coming weeks," Samsung noted. "The battery explosion issue will surely put a dent in Samsung's market in days to come. How quickly it fixes the problem will be something to watch out for. The turnaround time matters a lot," noted Krishna Mukherjee, Analyst (Telecoms) at market research firm CyberMedia Research (CMR), in Gurgaon. According to Pathak, Samsung has to come up with an aggrasive marketing strategy to overcome this issue else Galaxy series sales will nosedive in upcoming quarters for sure. "Till then, it is Apple that will have the momentum back in its favour after sluggish growth and fall in iPhone sales," he told IANS. 10 BEST SMARTPHONES OF 2016 REWIND 2016 10 BEST CAMERA SMARTPHONES OF 2016 7 'BIG BATTERY' SMARTPHONES OF 2016 RELATED From around the web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia Comments Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message GADGETS NOW SHOP Latest News Huawei lays out ambitious goals for US and global markets Around 6% of India's urban population accesses OTT content every day: Survey Uber fares increased by up to 50% in Delhi-NCR HTC U Play smartphone specifications tipped online Vodafone users to get 'unlimited data' for an hour From around the Web More From GadgetsNow Recommended By Colombia Most Popular Apple iPhone 6 available for Rs 10,000 on Flipkart in exchange offer Airtel offers free unlimited calls to anywhere in India RJio's free services may end on Dec 31, here's why OnePlus 3 'gets a Rs 9,000 discount' on Flipkart Airtel users, here's 'bad news' for you Infosys, Wipro heads warn of dangers to world, IT industry Now, Vodafone offers free voice calling across India Reliance Jio's free services face big threat from Airtel BSNL starts 'unlimited calling' offer at Rs 99 Apple iOS 10.2 brings 'special feature' for users in India BSNL to counter RJio with unlimited broadband data at Rs 249 BlackBerry and Samsung to create 'spy-proof' tablet for Germany Digital incubator for college students SV.CO receives overwhelming response Daimler to use sensors and cloud-computing for scanning parking spaces Apple to cleanse its App Store of unused apps Cybersecurity solutions provider TAC Security gets 'Startup of the Year' award Verizon's chief financial officer to retire at the end of 2016 Driverless buses to begin ferrying passengers in France soon Infosys announces joint venture to provide IT services in Saudi Arabia 1Samsung's loss could be Apple's gain 2BSNL to counter RJio with unlimited broadband data at Rs 249 3BlackBerry and Samsung to create 'spy-proof' tablet for Germany 4Digital incubator for college students SV.CO receives overwhelming response 5Daimler to use sensors and cloud-computing for scanning parking spaces 6Apple to cleanse its App Store of unused apps 7Cybersecurity solutions provider TAC Security gets 'Startup of the Year' award 8Verizon's chief financial officer to retire at the end of 2016 9Driverless buses to begin ferrying passengers in France soon 10Infosys announces joint venture to provide IT services in Saudi Arabia GADGETS NOW About Us Privacy policy RSS Return Policy Newsletter Sitemap Feedback Authors Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Popular Mobiles Vivo V5 OnePlus 3T 128GB Google Pixel XL 32 GB Moto Z 64GB Moto Z Play 32GB Lenovo K4 Note Lenovo K3 Note Oppo F1 Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Mi 5S Lenovo Vibe K5 Lenovo Zuk Z1 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 Lenovo K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J2 OnePlus 3 Samsung Galaxy On7 OnePlus X Samsung Z3 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5 HTC Desire 826 Oppo R7 Upcoming Mobiles Nokia C9 Nokia E1 Blackberry DTEK70 Sansui S72 Swipe Konnect Grand Leagoo Z1 Samsung Galaxy A5 2017 Gionee M2017 Leagoo Elite 6 Leagoo Elite 5 Leagoo Elite 4 Leagoo Elite 1 Leagoo Elite 8 Leagoo Z5 Leagoo Z5 LTE Leagoo Venture 1 HTC X10 Leagoo Z1 4GB Leagoo Z1 8GB BLU Life Max Lenovo Zuk Edge Vernee Mars Vernee Apollo Lite Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Pro Latest Mobiles Google Nexus 9 Coolpad Note 3 Redmi Note 3 Lenovo K4 Note Moto G4 Plus OnePlus X OnePlus 2 Lenovo Vibe S1 iPhone 6 Google Nexus 5 Mobile Phones Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Microsoft Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Google Mobiles Copyright © 2017 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Apple Loop: iPhone 7 Launch Confirmed, iPhone Features Being Killed, Apple’s Mighty iPhone Cancelled – Forbes Posted on September 2, 2016 by Forbes Taking a look back at another week of news from Cupertino, this week’s Apple Loop includes confirmation of the iPhone 7 launch event, Apple cancelling the iPhone 7 Pro, the hoped for features of the iPhone 7, Apple’s secret upgrade weapon, details on … iPhone 7: All the rumors video – CNETCNET Avoid the 32GB iPhone 7 like the plagueBGR Apple posts promoted-only tweet teasing Sept. 7 eventAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Mac Rumors -9 to 5 Mac -ZDNet -Fortune all 618 news articles …read more wrote 24400 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Hey Alexa, what are your competitors doing? – PCWorld Apple CEO Tim Cook’s pay slumps along with iPhone sales – Washington Post Android Circuit: Galaxy S8 Launch Date Leaks, Galaxy Note Returns, Fixing Google Pixel Problems – Forbes Amazon’s Alexa moves in on Google’s Android system – Reuters Hacker Successfully Adds More Games To NES Classic Edition – Gameranx (blog) Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Contact Jobs Contribute Advertise Team About Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract CES 2017 Offers Launch Distract World Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalise content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract CES 2017 Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Report: Apple is adding a glossy ‘Space Black’ color to the iPhone 7 by Napier Lopez — in Apple 405 shares In case you haven’t heard, Apple has a new iPhone coming out really soon. The leaks have been pouring out, and now there’s one more: Apple is adding a second shade of black to the line up. A leak from Mac Otakara suggests Apple will be adding a ‘Space Black’ to complement the more common ‘Space Grey’ Apple has used on various products. It won’t be replacing Space Grey, but will compliment it instead. Get the latest CES 2017 news TNW is at CES 2017! Get the low-down on the latest and most insane tech being showcased in Las Vegas. Feed me tech More than just a deeper shade, this would be Apple’s first metal iPhone to not use a soft finish. Instead it will use a metal gloss reminiscent of Apple’s Mac Pro (AKA, ‘the trash can’). It seems a bit odd that Apple would have two different dark shades in it’s line-up, but a glossy metal finish would at least be a nice change of pace after so many competitors have adopted its overall color scheme. iPhone 7 May Have Fifth 'Gloss Black' Color Resembling 2013 Mac Pro on MacRumors Read next: The best VPN for Apple products now has support for teams AppleGeariPhoneiPhone 7 Share on Facebook (120) Share on Twitter (181) Napier Lopez is a reporter from New York City, US. Happy to hear your thoughts on napier@thenextweb.com or @napilopez on Twitter. Napier Lopez is a writer based in New York City. He's interested in all things tech, science, and photography related, and likes to yo-yo in his free time. Follow him on Twitter or his blog. Contact Mail Tweet Location New York City, US Posts 1868 Posts / mo. 44.18   All posts by Napier > The latest articles around Apple Tim Cook took a huge paycut in 2016 because Apple lost its mojo Matthew Hughes Apple insiders claim Mac development may no longer be a priority Mix Apple's hits and misses in 2016 Matthew Hughes Shh. Here's some distraction The hunt for the fastest growing company of Europe Arno Nijhof 9 of the biggest trends to watch out at CES 2017 Napier Lopez This stop-motion tribute to Mario made with Rubik's Cubes will make your brain hurt Abhimanyu Ghoshal Epson’s augmented reality headset lets you pilot a drone as God intended Bryan Clark Ariana Grande is coming to a Final Fantasy mobile game Abhimanyu Ghoshal 10 of the most captivating videos that broke the internet in 2016 Mix Comments Recommended 9 of the biggest trends to watch out at CES 2017 Napier Lopez Most popular 1 This tiny 2 TB personal cloud could solve all your storage problems Napier Lopez 2 Razer built a laptop with 3 screens and it's kind of amazing Napier Lopez 3 Vine will shut down for good this month Abhimanyu Ghoshal 4 Here's your first look at Windows 10's upcoming design overhaul Abhimanyu Ghoshal 5 Glyph is a portable movie theater powered by your smartphone Bryan Clark Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Who's Hiring Add your company ABN AMRO Reinventing the world of banking Philips Embrace the unexpected Facebook Build and make an impact Amazon We are a company of pioneers Latest AirBar adds touchscreen and gesture control to non-touch PCs Bryan Clark AmpMe is a party in your pocket that connects multiple Bluetooth speakers or phones Bryan Clark Huawei brings the Mate 9 to the US, but Amazon Alexa is a poor choice Napier Lopez Opcom proves you can grow more than weed with at-home hydroponics Bryan Clark A drone just collided with a passenger jet in Mozambique Matthew Hughes Vinci's AI-driven headphones want to untether you from your phone Bryan Clark Pornhub confirms Windows users are the biggest wankers on the internet Mix Tim Cook took a huge paycut in 2016 because Apple lost its mojo Matthew Hughes Watch two Google Homes discuss the meaning of life on Twitch Alejandro Tauber Robots are now really stealing jobs as Japanese firm replaces staff with AI Mix The Sirius A is a pocketable PC with more ports than your MacBook Pro Napier Lopez You don't need $400 VR headphones, but you'll want these anyway Napier Lopez This bloody Home Alone remake is infinitely more hilarious Mix Zazu is a cross-platform app launcher with plenty of tricks up its sleeve Abhimanyu Ghoshal Turn into an undisputed Adobe Creative Suite pro with 130+ training courses for just $39 TNW Deals Jason Fried Projections are just bullshit. They're just guesses. Share Upcoming Events CES Jan 5, 2017 SXSW Mar 10, 2017 TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.65M followers 763K likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
advertisement toggle navigation login register Spotlight: Parenting Love Your Body Love Sex family heartbreak self buzz videos Experts 12 shares Sign in find an expert Featured Expert Support Experts Advice Thought Leaders Become an Expert Experts FAQ love quotes Love Stages Single Taken Engaged Married Starting Over Complicated About About Us Contact Friends & Partners Media Buzz FAQ Advertising Sitemap Privacy Policy Feedback Join Join Our Community Write for Us Jobs More Categories Dating Men Couplehood Challenges Breakups Celebs Lifestyle Follow Us sign up for newsletter Follow Us Sign in search articles find an expert videos Categories Love Sex family heartbreak self buzz videos Experts Featured Expert Support Experts Advice Thought Leaders Become an Expert Experts FAQ love quotes Love Stages Single Taken Engaged Married Starting Over Complicated About About Us Contact Friends & Partners Media Buzz FAQ Advertising Sitemap Privacy Policy Feedback Join Join Our Community Write for Us Jobs More Categories Dating Men Couplehood Challenges Breakups Celebs Lifestyle sign up for newsletter The New iPhone 7 Details Leaked And Here's Why You'll Upgrade ASAP 12 shares + Photo: WeHeartIt Rebecca Jane StokesEditor Buzz September 3, 2016 like us on facebook If you 'like' us, we'll LOVE you! GIMME GIMME! It's most wonderful time of the year ... almost!  On September 7th Apple will announce its newest iPhone and I could not be more excited. Sorry, current iPhone, but I'm due an upgrade and you have GOTS to go.  Apple is notoriously secretive about their devices ... we're talking Willy Wonka levels of secrecy. This, of course, only bolsters the buzz for every device they have hitting shelves. It also means lots and lots of speculation about what the new phone will look like, and what it will be able to do.  The new iPhone is apparently named the iPhone 7. Apple continues to name phones the way they have been. If they don't, I hope they go totally the other way and name it something like 'iPhone yoMama' if only for the hilarity that would ensue.  Business Insider The iPhone 7 will be about the same size as the 6, coming in a smaller and larger size. But apparently it is rumored to start at 32G of space instead of the standard 16G. Not too shabby. Me and all the podcasts I insist on downloading would like to thank, Apple (provided this is true, of course).  There are other rumors that the phone will be more water resistant. YES, PLEASE! As it stands now my iPhone is so sensitive to water that I'm literally anxious even writing down the word water with my phone next to my computer screen.  Another feature that has people talking is the new and improved camera. The iPhone, already known for featuring a excellent camera, is rumored to be adding a second lens. All the better for me to selfie with, my dear.  Business Insider Here's the biggest rumor (and brace yourselves, this might be VERY annoying): Apple may have removed the headphone jack from the iPhone7. Why? To add another speaker. That's all well and good but everyone I know uses headphones for their iPhone. There's speculation that the headphones will now be plugged into the lightening port, or that bluetooth only headphones will be the way to go. Either way, it's a pretty big change in the way iPhones work, and I imagine everyone who hoped to use their standard earbuds is going to be pissed. After all, humans hate change.  I'm curious to see what this new iPhone is all about when the news drops next week. I'm even MORE curious to see the phone they are rumored to be releasing in 2017. That one apparently charges wirelessly and has an edge to edge screen. When I have that phone in my hot little land, fully expect for me to walk around screaming "THE FUTURE IS NOW" like some sort of sidewalk prophet.  WEIRD: This Is What Phone Sex Operators Look Like In Real Life Click to view (10 images) Photo: PhoneSex Christine SchoenwaldEditor Self Read Later   like us on facebook If you 'like' us, we'll LOVE you! More content from YourTango: 2 Brutal Truths About Having Sex With An Aries (As Written By One) It's HEEEERE! FDA To Approve "Female Love Drug" 4 Reasons Broke Guys Are Waaaay Better In Bed Says Science Author Rebecca Jane StokesEditor 12 shares + MOST POPULAR Photo: weheartit If He Does These 10 Things, He's COMPLETELY In Love With You eHarmonyPartner Love Read Later Photo: WeHeartIt Real Men Explain Why They REFUSE To Date Fat Women Rebecca Jane StokesEditor Self Read Later Click to view (12 images) Photo: weheartit The Pros And Cons Of Marrying Him, Based On His Zodiac Sign BRIDESPartner Love Read Later Photo: weheartit The Truth About How Men Choose The Woman They're Going To Marry James Allen HanrahanExpert Heartbreak Read Later Click to view (12 images) Photo: weheartit The Kind Of Woman He Falls For HARD, According To His Zodiac Sign Christine SchoenwaldAuthor Buzz Read Later Photo: weheartit 3 Mind Games ALL Narcissistic Men Play In Relationships Maggie ConnorExpert Love Read Later Click to view (12 images) Photo: SerenityAcres Why People Keep Breaking Your Heart (Based On Your Zodiac Sign) Madelyn RennieEditor Buzz Read Later Photo: weheartit The 2 Magic Words That Make Men Commit INSTANTLY James Allen HanrahanExpert Heartbreak Read Later Click to view (21 images) 21 Famous Quotes To Help You Rise (& Recover) From Failure Aria GmitterEditor Heartbreak Read Later Photo: weheartit 23 Totally Awesome Affirmations To Make 2017 Your Best. Year. EVER RJ BanksExpert Self Read Later TRENDING Photo: WeHeartIt The Type Of Man You DESERVE (Based On Your Zodiac Sign) Photo: weheartit Brad And Angelina May Have Consulted A Transgender Expert For Shiloh Photo: WeHeartIt 11 Signs He's Not In Love — You're Just Convenient Photo: weheartit The Kind Of Man You're Going To Marry, According To Your Zodiac Sign Photo: Weheartit If He Doesn't Have These 20 Qualities, He's NOT Your Soulmate Photo: weheartit If Your Guy Does These 7 Things, He's Playing You For A FOOL Explore YourTango Love Heartbreak Sex Family Self Buzz MOST POPULAR If He Does These 10 Things, He's COMPLETELY In Love With You Real Men Explain Why They REFUSE To Date Fat Women The Pros And Cons Of Marrying Him, Based On His Zodiac Sign Click to view (12 images) The Truth About How Men Choose The Woman They're Going To Marry The Kind Of Woman He Falls For HARD, According To His Zodiac Sign Click to view (12 images) 3 Mind Games ALL Narcissistic Men Play In Relationships Why People Keep Breaking Your Heart (Based On Your Zodiac Sign) Click to view (12 images) The 2 Magic Words That Make Men Commit INSTANTLY 21 Famous Quotes To Help You Rise (& Recover) From Failure Click to view (21 images) 23 Totally Awesome Affirmations To Make 2017 Your Best. Year. EVER Trending Expert Advice 3 Mind Games ALL Narcissistic Men Play In Relationships 8 Deep Mistakes You Make With Him That KILL His Attraction To You Whatever Follows Your "I AM" Is What You Attract Into Your Life 12 Top-Secret Tips From The Happiest Couples In THE WORLD 5 Signs You're In A TOXIC Relationship (And How To Get Out) Must-See Videos 5 Reasons Why You Need A Divorce Coach If You’re Considering Divorce video 5 Reasons Why Saying 'I've Had Enough' Can Be Good For Your Marriage This 3-Step Plan Can Help Fight Your Anxiety (Without Any Pills!) SEE MORE VIDEOS POPULAR BLOGS Celebrity Love Love Buzz Tomfoolery Open Up Inside YourTango Love Mom Traditional Love Experts Blog JOIN Join Our Community Write for Us Jobs Links Dating Men Couplehood Challenges Breakups Celebs Lifestyle ABOUT About Us Contact Friends & Partners Media Buzz FAQ Advertising HTML Sitemap Privacy Policy Feedback EXPERTS Become A Member Find An Expert Ask An Expert Experts Directory Disclaimer © 2016 by Tango Media Corporation All Rights Reserved. × Want a good laugh, cry or hug? We deliver all 3 every day! Sign up for the YourTango newsletter Female Male Go!    
Ireland did not give favourable tax treatment to Apple: Finance Minister Noonan - Irish Sun Issue 07/15 Irish Sun        http://www.irishsun.com   Ireland News Breaking International News Breaking Business News Europe Sports News Dublin News Economics News Belfast News Breaking Internet News Web Site Development News Healthcare News Ireland News Utilities News Ireland did not give favourable tax treatment to Apple: Finance Minister Noonan Irish Sun Saturday 3rd September, 2016 • Cabinet’s unanimous decision to seek parliament endorsement on Wednesday • EC ruled this week that U.S. tech giant to pay $14.5 billion in back taxes • Ireland's finance minister said government disagrees profoundly with EU tax penalty on Apple DUBLIN, Ireland - The Irish government stated on Friday that it would formally appeal against the European Commission’s ruling that Apple was given a “sweetheart tax deal” and should pay the government $14.5 billion in back taxes. “There are some very important principles at stake in this case,” Ireland’s Finance Minister Michael Noonan said.  He added, “A robust legal challenge before the courts is essential to defend Ireland’s interests. A full amount of tax was paid in this case, and no state aid was provided. Ireland did not give favourable tax treatment to Apple.” Although the cabinet’s decision was unanimous, the issue will be presented in Parliament next week to debate. “A motion will come before the Dail (parliament) on Wednesday seeking an endorsement of that (cabinet) decision,” a government spokesperson was quoted as saying. Earlier in the week, the EC had ruled that the tech giant must pay Dublin the back tax - an amount that would be equivalent to Ireland’s expenditure on its health service last year.  However, Ireland is determined not to accept the money and has repeatedly condemned the EC investigation that started two years ago.  According to Noonan, Europe is trying to impose current laws on a 25-year-old tax deal. “How could any foreign direct investor come into Europe if they thought the valid arrangements they made under the law could be overturned a generation later and they be liable to pay back money,” Noonan questioned. “This ruling has seismic and entirely negative consequences for job creation in the future,” he added. Apple has already announced that the company would be lodging an appeal. Earlier in the week, chief executive of Apple, Tim Cook, said, “It’s disappointing; it’s clear that this comes from a political place; it has no basis in fact or in law, and unfortunately it’s one of those things we have to work through.” However, EC stands by its decision.  Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said, “Member states cannot give tax benefits to selected companies; this is illegal under European Union state aid rules. The commission’s investigation concluded that Ireland granted illegal tax benefits to Apple, which enable it to pay substantially less tax than other businesses over many years.” Apple and the Irish government continue to argue that both parties have made no special arrangement and that Apple has paid the full amount it owes to the government. Many U.S. corporations choose to set up their European headquarters in Ireland as the country has one of the lowest corporate tax rates - 12.5 percent. The White House said that President Barack Obama would raise the issue during the G20 summit in China this weekend. “The president will… lead the discussion at the G20 about combating tax avoidance strategies that are implemented by some multinational corporations,” White House spokesman Josh Earnest said in a statement. Adding, “We need to find a way to make the global system of taxation more fair to countries around the world, particularly countries like the United States.” Share this article: Back to Irish Sun Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Featured Story Authorities claim 97 percent property-owners paid taxes last year DUBLIN, Ireland - According to Irish tax authorities, as many as 97 percent of all property owners paid taxes last year. The tax authorities have said they collected as much as 463 million euros from tax last year.  Astonishingly, a huge number of people have already paid the taxes for this year. However, this wasn’t without prompting owners to do so: The tax collection authorities had to send as many as 300,000 warning letters telling owners to pay up, or face consequences. Further, those who are yet to pay up their taxes can do so via an electronic cheque, also called an annual debit authority by the Revenue Department. Owners doing so must inform tax officials about the same by Wednesday. All the tax shall be hence withdrawn from their accounts in March. Michael Gladney, Collector General, has stated that since the Revenue Department took charge of tax collection in 2013, as much as 64 million dollars have been collected.  Moreover, as many as 360,000 properties have been taken over by the department following non-payment of taxes on the owner’s behalf. The collector general said in a statement, “The vast majority of property owners fully comply with their local property tax payment obligations, either in a single payment or with phased payments. As long as payment obligations are being met, Revenue will automatically roll over existing payment methods for property owners who pay by direct debit or by deduction at source from pay/pension.” Find Irish Sun on Facebook Latest Irish Sun news Huge surge in electrical goods sales help to boost retail figures DUBLIN, Ireland - The Central Statistics office has released figures that show a rise of ... Government urged to give Gardai technology needed to clamp down on banned drivers DUBLIN, Ireland - It has been found that exactly 7,651 drivers, that are disqualified to ... Authorities claim 97 percent property-owners paid taxes last year DUBLIN, Ireland - According to Irish tax authorities, as many as 97 percent of all ... Live Register figures seen to be lowest since November 2008 DUBLIN, Ireland - According to new figures released by the Central Statistical Organization, the number ... Ireland experienced warmest year in 116 years DUBLIN, Ireland - The Met Eireann released its annual weather summary based on observations made ... Ireland receives record number of passport applications in 2016 Applegreen proposes acquisition of 50 percent of Dublin Fuel terminal Pedestrian killed in rush hour traffic on M50 Additional Irish Sun news Sponsored by oilprice.com Please Enable Javascript for this Oil Price widget to work Ireland News Huge surge in electrical goods sales help to boost retail figures Government urged to give Gardai technology needed to clamp down on banned drivers Authorities claim 97 percent property-owners paid taxes last year Live Register figures seen to be lowest since November 2008 Ireland experienced warmest year in 116 years More Ireland News Breaking International News Iraq War veteran in custody over mass shooting at Fort Lauderdale Airport Trump team wants to build Mexican wall with American taxpayers' money Vice president Biden's advice to Trump: Grow up, be an adult In last press conference as Secretary of State, John Kerry defends Obama on Syria New intel confirms Russia meddled in U.S. election outcome More Breaking International News Breaking Business News Bank of England chief admits economists had a "Michael Fish moment" with Brexit Trump threatens to impose hefty fee on the Japanese automaker, Toyota Honda Motor reports 3.2 percent increase in U.S. sales for 2016 Most Fed policymakers believe U.S. economy could grow more quickly Apple to invest $1 billion in SoftBank's Vision Fund More Breaking Business News Europe Sports News Jaap Stam not after Manchester United nostalgia on return to Old Trafford Millwall may have to move if council land purchase scheme goes ahead Holger Badstuber loan move perfect for Bayern Munich and Manchester City German FA opposes World Cup expansion - Reinhard Grindel Chelsea to rotate but backlash from Spurs should see off Peterborough More Europe Sports News Dublin News Huge surge in electrical goods sales help to boost retail figures Government urged to give Gardai technology needed to clamp down on banned drivers Authorities claim 97 percent property-owners paid taxes last year Live Register figures seen to be lowest since November 2008 Ireland experienced warmest year in 116 years More Dublin News Economics News Bank of England chief admits economists had a "Michael Fish moment" with Brexit Cuba starts first exports to United States in half a century Texas Unveils Bathroom Bill That Critics Say Targets LGBT Rights Inflation for lower-income families reaches 6.22 in 2016 Trump Fiscal Boost Poses Inflation Risk Fed Policymakers Agree More Economics News Belfast News Ireland receives record number of passport applications in 2016 Wylie preparing Northern Ireland for historic chance Evans confident ahead of Ulster clash Former Chelsea F.C. boss ‘Big Phil’ Scolari calls into Belfast pub for a Guinness Tough market behind closure of six Jamies Italian restaurants More Belfast News Breaking Internet News New intel confirms Russia meddled in U.S. election outcome Sanders brings giant poster of Trump's May 2015 tweet to Senate Apple to invest $1 billion in SoftBank's Vision Fund Apple removes New York Times app from China store BBC's ‘Real Housewives of ISIS’ skit comes under fire for being insensitive More Breaking Internet News Web Site Development News Creative agencies combine to amplify offerings can we expect to see more quirky Austin murals WD slims down SSD to squeeze into little Black drive range BOOST LEGOs computing future and its ground-breaking past Microsoft goes retro with Vista Zune-style Windows Neon makeover 3... 2...1... and 123-Reg hit by DDoSers. Again More Web Site Development News Subscribe to our Newsletter Get the latest Irish Sun headlines delivered to your inbox. *We hate spam as much as you. Privacy Utilities News Study US Could Be Net Energy Exporter Use water carefully winter is coming - sanitation dept BSP Ask Borisov If BGN 2 B Has Been Stolen From Budget Surplus Northern Cape municipality may soon run out of water Mexico Gas Protests Looting Leave 1 Dead 600 Arrested More Utilities News Ireland News Breaking International News Breaking Business News Europe Sports News Dublin News Economics News Belfast News Breaking Internet News Web Site Development News Healthcare News Ireland News Utilities News Contact About Irish Sun News Releases Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap Archived Stories © 2000 - 2017 Irish Sun - Midwest Radio Network Pty Ltd. - (LU) A division of Big News Network. All rights reserved
LifestyleLifestyle Ideas Insights Services Reports Dashboard Books Assessment Keynotes Events About Contact Login Logout Copyright and Terms All Categories > ALL Fashion Tech Life Culture Design Ads Business Eco Good Luxury Bizarre Keynotes TV About Us Community Login Potato Snack Bars Score 3.8 More Stats +/- Cinnamon Coffee Lollipops Oatmeal Cheesecake Popsicles Confetti Party Nachos Asian Noodle Pies Thai Chocolate Caramels 22Similar Photos These Apple Cheddar Potato Granola Bars Tout a Unique Ingredient Combination By: Laura McQuarrie - Sep 3, 2016 References: cupcakeproject Oats, nuts, dried fruits, dates and nut butter are a few ingredients that are commonly found in snack bars, but this recipe for 'Chewy Apple Cheddar Potato Granola Bars' from the Cupcake Project forgoes most of them. As the Cupcake Project recipe was developed for the Idaho Potato Commission, potatoes are a main ingredient in these snack bars, alongside unsweetened applesauce and shredded sharp cheddar cheese. This combination creates a dense snack bar that's sure to satisfy one's hunger and desire for good taste. With their eyes on health, many consumers are looking for food products that replace traditionally sweet ingredients with savory ones. As a result, food manufacturers have the opportunity to respond to these consumer desires to experiment by making unique ingredient substitutions. #1 IN TREND REPORTS Find Better Ideas Faster™ with our unrivalled research, fueled by 100,000,000 people ➤ Related Top 10 Slideshows Video Pro Services Innovation Accelerator Innovation Keynotes Trend Reports Custom Dashboards Future Festival Free Resources Innovation Videos & Books Weekly Trend Report NEW: 2017 Trend Report Get a FREE Report Waffle Pie CrustsThis Creative Pie Crust is Made from a Whole Round Waffle Hazelnut Potato CandiesThis Potato Candy Recipe from the Cupcake Project Has Unusual Ingredients Banana Potato SundaesThis Cupcake Project Dessert Recipe Pairs Potato and Banana French Onion PiesThis Cupcake Project Recipe Reimagines a Classic Soup as a Pie 25 Luscious Lollipop TreatsCelebrate National Lollipop Day with These Succulent Suckers 12 St. Patrick's Day DishesFrom Boozy Irish Burgers to Spinach-Infused Holiday Pancakes Stats for Potato Snack Bars Trending: This Quarter & Mild Research: 130 clicks in 17 w Interest: 0.9 minutes Concept: Apple Cheddar Potato Related: 29 examples / 22 photos Segment: Neutral, 12-55 Comparison Set: 10 similar articles, including: oatmeal cheesecake popsicles, cinnamon coffee lollipops, and confetti party nachos. Related Reports: Chips Report, Snack Food Report, Alcohol Report, Dairy Alternative Report, Cultural Snack Report SCORE: 3.8 Popularity: Activity: Freshness: Demographics: PRO Content Custom Research Comments / Reactions [+/-] Bookmark Comment Must See WTF OMG LOL Cute Nerdy HOT More About Us, Advertising & Contact     Innovation Keynote Speaker     Best Innovation Conference     Custom Trend Reports Trends and Content © Copyright TREND HUNTER Inc. All Rights Reserved.     Terms of Use & Privacy Policy Questions 27 time: 0.1089 , e-time: 0.1112
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple Schedules 2017 Shareholders Meeting, Reveals Executive Pay Cut T-Mobile Moves Exclusively to Unlimited Data Plans iPod-based iPhone Prototype Revealed in Leaked Video Tips iOS 10: Selectively Control Read Receipts For iMessage How to Connect Your 2016 MacBook Pro to a mini DisplayPort Monitor Podcasts CES 2017 Wireless Earpods and Drone Blocking - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-06 CES 2017 Wireless Charging, Sober Sensors, and More - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-05 View All Results → iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For Brydge 12.9 Aluminum Keyboard for iPad Pro Exudes Class View All Reviews → Education May be in Apple's DNA, But Not in Apple's Future The Unspoken Limits of Apple's iPad Are Strangling its Evolution How Apple Can Become a Media Giant in 2017 Backups on a Budget My 3 Favorite iOS Apps From 2016 View All Editorials → @Apple Comes to Life, Another Tool for Shaping the Apple Narrative Bryan Chaffin @TMOBryan · +Bryan Chaffin Sep 2nd, 2016 8:03 PM EST | Editorial Apple sort of activated its long-held, but dormant Twitter account @Apple. It’s yet another symbol of CEO Tim Cook’s decision to take a more active role in shaping the Apple narrative. Apple’s @Twitter Account The @Apple Twitter account was made back in 2011, but it hasn’t issued a single tweet in the intervening years. This compares to @AppleSupport and @AppleMusic that have both seen substantial activity. Despite being verified, @Apple only had a few thousand followers because of its lack of activity. But on Thursday night, Apple customized its @Apple Twitter account with imagery similar to the September 7th media event invites. There still hasn’t been a tweet as of this writing, but those cosmetic changes—and the media coverage since—have added 10,000 or so followers per hour. As of this writing, @Apple’s followers stand at 192,000 and rising. That’s not bad for still not having tweeted a thing. A couple of weeks ago, I argued that Apple opening up to journalists and being more open to the public was evidence Tim Cook wanted Apple to be more active in shaping its own narrative. If Apple starts using this Twitter account on a regular basis, it’s either a sign that the end is nigh or proof I was right*. As of this writing, Apple hasn’t actually used its new Twitter account. However, I can’t imagine it would bother dressing up a dormant Twitter account without some follow through. It only remains to be seen what that follow through looks like. In the meantime, the tech world has been talking about this simply change rather than speculating on Apple’s ability to innovate. Well played, Apple. Well played. *Could also be both. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, Twitter 4 Comments Add a comment Jamie September 3, 2016 Again I say, I personally am more interested in Apple’s products than their narrative. Hopefully they can deliver on that front, too. September 3, 2016 at 4:27 EST PM geoduck September 3, 2016 A Twitter account deader than mine. Amazing. September 3, 2016 at 5:10 EST PM Lee Dronick September 3, 2016 Same here Geoduck. I never could get into it. September 3, 2016 at 6:59 EST PM BurmaYank September 6, 2016 ditto/me, geoduck & Lee. September 6, 2016 at 6:53 EST PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Education May be in Apple's DNA, But Not in Apple's Future John Martellaro | January 6, 2017 How Apple Can Become a Media Giant in 2017 Charlotte Henry | January 4, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $117.91 +1.30 (1.11%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple Schedules 2017 Shareholders Meeting, Reveals Executive Pay Cut T-Mobile Moves Exclusively to Unlimited Data Plans iPod-based iPhone Prototype Revealed in Leaked Video iOS 10 Adoption Hits 76% After 4 Months, Slightly Outpacing iOS 9 Steel HR Combines Elegance of Analog Watch with Sophistication of Digital Recent Tips See All » iOS 10: Selectively Control Read Receipts For iMessage How to Connect Your 2016 MacBook Pro to a mini DisplayPort Monitor macOS: Turning Off Time Machine Space Notifications How to View the Apple TV's Aerial Screen Saver On Your Mac iOS 10: Three Tips on Notes! Recent Editorials See All » Education May be in Apple's DNA, But Not in Apple's Future The Unspoken Limits of Apple's iPad Are Strangling its Evolution How Apple Can Become a Media Giant in 2017 Backups on a Budget My 3 Favorite iOS Apps From 2016 3265 Bryan Chaffin editorial 4 1472846592 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 19963.80 0.32%   S&P 500 ▲ 2276.98 0.35%   Nasdaq ▲ 5521.06 0.60%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 0/32 yield 2.420%   Crude Oil ▲ 53.70 -0.11%   Euro ▲ 1.0533 -0.70%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Apple Cuts CEO Cook’s Pay After Missing Targets How Samsung Weathered the Galaxy Note 7 Recall Theranos Slashes Staff, Voids More Test Results Facebook Hires Campbell Brown for News Role Personal Technology Amazon’s Alexa Is Everywhere White House Warns Against Chinese Investment in U.S. Chip Industry China’s Xiaomi Dismisses Fundraising Speculation Fitbit, Changing Pace, Launches Software at Hardware Show Apple Confirms South Korea Store Plans, Challenging Samsung at Home Apple’s App Store Sales Top $28 Billion Apple Pulls New York Times App From China Store Former Snap Worker Claims Company Falsified Metrics GoPro to Resume Sales of Its Karma Drone Defense Nominee Mattis Resigns From Theranos Board Amazon Brings Fire TV Experience to Third-Party TV Sets Intel Announces 5G Modem Chip Social Publisher Medium Cuts One-Third of Staff Lyft’s Ridership Reaches 52.6 Million in Fourth Quarter LG Electronics Plans New Smartphone Google Shifts Its Focus to India’s Small Businesses Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Tech Companies Back Microsoft’s Effort to Alert Users When Authorities Seek Their Data Tech firms including Apple, Alphabet file briefs in support of software giant’s legal case By Jay Greene Jay Greene The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyJay Greene @greene iamjaygreene Google+ jay.greene@wsj.com Sept. 2, 2016 9:20 p.m. ET More than a dozen tech companies, including Apple Inc., Amazon.com Inc. and Google parent Alphabet Inc., have unified behind Microsoft Corp.’s legal bid to alert customers when federal agents have requested their digital data. Those companies, as well as media firms and big companies that use cloud-computing services, have filed briefs in support of a suit Microsoft brought against the Justice Department in April over secret customer... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Speed Cyclist Denise Mueller's Record-Setting Run Google's AlphaGo Secretly Sweeps China Best of CES 2017: Gadgets Galore CES 2017: In Search of the Future How Amazon's Alexa Won CES 2017 Most Popular Articles Five Dead, Eight Wounded at Fort Lauderdale Airport Opinion: Lessons From Obama’s Failure Trump’s Debts Are Widely Held on Wall Street The Wrong Way to Speak to Children Apple Cuts CEO Cook’s Pay After Missing Targets Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Psychic Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Technology Apple Watch 2 Technology Apple Watch 2: Release date, UK price and how to pre-order the new 'swim-proof' series 2 smartwatch It has been two years since the first "iWatch" was unveiled and now Apple has launched the new Apple Watch 2 which works with Pokemon Go  Share  Comments Bylee bell 15:00, 16 SEP 2016 Updated15:01, 16 SEP 2016 Technology Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextFaraday Future unveils super fast electric car - Watch this video again Watch Next Samsung release A3 and A5 series phones0:49 Ford ‘Hangover Suit’ highlights the risks of driv2:11 Researchers create a robot arm that can be contro1:00 Taxi dash cam captures the moment a DRIVERLESS Ub0:29 Now you can broadcast your Tweets live on Twitter1:05 Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Apple has taken the lid off its next-generation wearable, the Apple Watch 2. Unveiled at the company's highly-anticipated keynote event in San Francisco last week, the Apple Watch Series 2 looks very similar to the company's first edition Watch, with a square face. However, while the first Apple Watch was "splash" proof, the second edition Series 2 is "swim" proof - completely water resistant to a depth of 50 meters, in both swimming pools and open water. In order to waterproof it, Apple said it had to close up the ports. This meant the firm had to redesign the speaker so that it has a mechanism that pushes out water. Read More iPhone 7: Release date, price, images and key features of Apple's new iPhone On the inside, the Watch Series two is powered by the new the S2 chip with a dual-core processor that's up to 50% faster, with a new GPU that offers up to twice the graphics performance, meaning more graphically intensive games, such as NightSky, can run on the Watch, with five times to level of detail. The Watch Series 2 also features a second-generation display that's two times brighter at 1000 nits, which Apple said will make all the difference when wearers are outside in the sun. To ensure workouts are more accurate and the Watch Series 2 has built-in GPS, which connects to satellites instantly, and even means that a route map will show your varying speeds. "With built-in GPS, Apple Watch Series 2 records precise distance, pace and speed for outdoor workouts such as walking, running or cycling, without needing to take an iPhone," said Apple. "Users can begin an outdoor workout immediately as Apple WatchSeries 2 uses Wi-Fi, GPS and locally stored satellite data to quickly identify their location. "On completion of an outdoor workout, view a route map that shows variations in speed in the Activity app on iPhone. Whether running, going for a swim or walking between meetings, the Activity app on Apple Watch Series 2 counts all daily activity." Read More Apple Watch 2 Apple watch series 2 launch New Apple Watch 2 unveiled Pokemon Go is coming to Apple Watch Apple Watch 2 hands-on review Apple Watch Series 2 will come in gold, rose gold, silver or space grey aluminium, or silver or space black stainless steel, starting at £369. The new ceramic Apple Watch "Edition" starts at £1,249, and Apple Watch Hermès starts at £1,149. Pre-orders opened on Septmeber 9, and the devices will begin shipping this Friday, September 16. Pre-order the Watch Seies 2 from Apple here Apple will run Apple's new WatchOS 3 operating system, which will feature the new Pokemon GO app, made specially for the wearable. "It's certainly been a hectic summer for us," said John Hanke, CEO of Niantic Labs said on stage. "Pokemon GO has been download 500m times since July around the world with users walking 4.6Billion KM while playing the game. Combine Pokemon gameplay while you're on the go, such as doing a run." Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextFaraday Future unveils super fast electric car - Watch this video again Watch Next Samsung release A3 and A5 series phones0:49 Ford ‘Hangover Suit’ highlights the risks of driv2:11 Researchers create a robot arm that can be contro1:00 Taxi dash cam captures the moment a DRIVERLESS Ub0:29 Now you can broadcast your Tweets live on Twitter1:05 Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next When you approach a Pokemon, the watch will notify you. It also notifies you when Pokegyms are near by, so you never miss a Pokestop. As part of the Watch Series 2 announcement, Apple also unveiled a new partnership with Nike. "We've worked with Nike for over a decade, and we couldn't be more excited today to announce Apple Watch Nike+," Apple said. "The Apple Watch Nike+ "isn't just a watch, it's your perfect running partner. We think it delivers the best running experience out there." Apple Watch Nike+ costs from £369, and has been available to pre-order since September 9, with availability in late October. Pre-order the Watch Nike+ from Apple here Read More Apple iPhone 7 iPhone SE iPad pro iOS 10 iPhone 8 iPad Mini 5 iPad Pro 2 Apple Watch 2 Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Apple iWatch Apple Watch Apple Watch 2 Technology all Most Read Most Recent WhatsAppIs WhatsApp going to start charging in 2017? Hoax dupes users into believing they will have to pay for messages If you've received a message telling you how to avoid billing charges, it's a scam - here's what to do CESCES 2017: Weird and wonderful gadgets from the world's biggest technology show The Consumer Electronics show has kicked off in Las Vegas, with a host of bizarre new technologies on display iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone Apple only just launched its iPhone 7 a few months ago, but many eyes are already turning to next year's model, the iPhone 8, which is expected to be Apple's biggest launch in years Smart TVsBest TVs of CES 2017 - including LG's 'wallpaper' TV, Samsung's QLED and Sony's glass speaker screen TVs as thin as credit cards and screen glass used as speakers - 2017 innovation is here FacebookFacebook will NOT start charging you - don't be fooled by this reappearing seven-year-old hoax Calm down. Facebook is not about to start charging you despite what your friends might be sharing CESCES 2017: Weird and wonderful gadgets from the world's biggest technology show The Consumer Electronics show has kicked off in Las Vegas, with a host of bizarre new technologies on display CESTotal Recall to come true? Intel says virtual reality will replace need to go on holiday World’s biggest computer chip firm says future of travel is in VR from our living room sofas CESWhat is QLED? Samsung's new 'Quantum Dot' TV tech explained Samsung claim that QLED is the next big thing in TV technology. Here's what you need to know iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone Apple only just launched its iPhone 7 a few months ago, but many eyes are already turning to next year's model, the iPhone 8, which is expected to be Apple's biggest launch in years Samsung GalaxySamsung Galaxy S8: UK price, release date, specs and rumours about 2017's first big smartphone launch The Samsung Galaxy S8 could be unveiled at February's Mobile World Congress event - here's what we know about it so far Most Read Most Recent January transfer windowTransfer news LIVE: Manchester United, Arsenal, Liverpool, Chelsea latest from the January window Follow our live blog throughout the day as we bring you all the latest news and rumours from the Premier League and beyond EastEndersEastEnders spoiler: TRUTH about Ronnie and Roxy's death revealed in Coroner's report leaving Jack furious A furious row breaks out between the heartbroken single father and his mother-in-law Glenda ParentingMum 'sent £325 invoice to friend after daughter came home with pen on Italian leather shoes' Sarah Bryan, 28, claims she wants her friend to pay up or face further action Middle EastBritish mum jailed in Bahrain after her 'violent husband accused her of adultery' Hannah James was thrown behind bars after her husband claimed she had cheated on him in the strict sharia country George MichaelGeorge Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz questioned by cops over tragic singer's death Fadi Fawaz, who found George dead on Christmas Day, spoke to officers to help them prepare a report for the coroner ElephantsInjured baby elephant cruelly caught in trap makes a splash as she learns to walk again in water Six-month-old 'Clear Sky' was taken swimming to strengthen her leg muscles at an animal hospital in Thailand Manchester United transfer newsManchester United unlikely to bid for Southampton's wantaway centre back Jose Fonte Jose Mourinho is a known admirer of the Portuguese international and was heavily linked with a move for him in the summer January transfer windowTransfer news LIVE: Manchester United, Arsenal, Liverpool, Chelsea latest from the January window Follow our live blog throughout the day as we bring you all the latest news and rumours from the Premier League and beyond AlcoholDrunk walks down M1 in dark and says 'he's heading back to Sheffield' which is 100 miles in the OTHER direction Kind-hearted commuter saw him stumbling along hard shoulder and decided to take him all the way home - where he just staggered into front door FilmsHome Alone fan remakes film with blood and gore - and it's a very different movie Our favourite films are suddenly a lot less funny Top Stories Hospitals15-year-old schoolgirl dies 'after suffering severe allergic reaction to takeaway' Megan Lee was described as a person who would "touch the hearts of everyone she ever met" Bad ParkingEx-marine fed up with 'poor parking' is slapping his own tickets on cars and has even painted his own parking bay Pensioner Donald Ligertwood has launched a one-man campaign to reform the parking in his street - but residents claim he is "bullying" them Arsenal FCRevealed: What REALLY happened in the Arsenal dressing room at Bournemouth Alexis Sanchez and his teammates were visibly frustrated after dropping yet more points in the title race - but that wasn't the whole story MurderChilling interview with 'happy family' dad who chopped up his wife and hid body parts around British seaside town Mitchell Quy spent 18 months playing the heartbroken husband but cracks in his 'performance' soon began to show the real beast behind the facade FilmsHome Alone fan remakes film with blood and gore - and it's a very different movie Our favourite films are suddenly a lot less funny Court caseCouple 'harassed woman by sending her takeaways at all times of day and night,' court hears Alan Ward and Kirsty Ogle appeared at Newcastle Magistrates' Court charged with harassment but they both denied the charge Road rageRoad rage spat between cyclist and driver sparks vicious argument as rider shouts 'you f***ing nearly hit me off!' Andy is slammed for pulling out too early and failing to signal but the motorist is accused of dangerously 'brake-checking' in front of the bike ISISFrance secretly launches fightback against ISIS as President Hollande 'orders deaths of 40 jihadists' Vincent Nouzille claims in his new book "Erreurs Fatales" that the DGSE - the French equivalent of MI6 and the CIA - has been given a green light to target Islamic State terrorists ParentingMum 'sent £325 invoice to friend after daughter came home with pen on Italian leather shoes' Sarah Bryan, 28, claims she wants her friend to pay up or face further action CrowdfundingHeartbroken mum of victim left in coma after brutal street attack says "I want justice" Anita Larden has set up a crowdfunding page to raise money for a reward to catch the vile thugs who repeatedly kicked her son in the head leaving him brain damaged UKIPUkip's leader has to ask Nigel Farage to stop insulting his top team Paul Nuttall spoke out after the loudmouth ex-leader was accused of scuppering his bid to unify the party CESGet ready to start talking to your car, your TV and your fridge - voice tech dominates at CES 2017 Voice-activated personal assistants were everywhere at CES 2017, with Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant taking centre stage News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Menu BROADWAYBROADWAY OFF-BROADWAYOFF-BROADWAY OTHER CITIES Boston Chicago Las Vegas London Los Angeles Miami New York Philadelphia San Francisco Seattle Washington, D.C. Minneapolis / St. Paul All Locations DISCOUNT TICKETSDISCOUNTS NEWS AND REVIEWSNEWS GOLD CLUBGOLD CLUB MORE Newsletter Children's Theater Theater News Theater Reviews Theater Photos Theater Video London Theater Submit Your Show THEATER NEWS X Share via Email To From Email body Hi, I was on TheaterMania.com and thought you might be interested in seeing this. Cancel Send Email New Repertory Theatre Begins Performances of Regular Singing The play is the fourth and final installment of Richard Nelson's Apple Family plays. Jason Zednick • Boston • Sep 3, 2016 Please disable your ad blocking software or enable javascript to view this gallery. Bill Mootos, Karen MacDonald, Laura Latreille, Sarah Newhouse, Paul Melendy, and Joel Colodner in a scene from another Apple Family play, That Hopey Changey Thing. (© Nile Hawver) Regular Singing begins performance tonight at New Repertory Theatre at Arsenal Center for the Arts. The play is set on the the 50th anniversary of the Kennedy assassination. The Apple family gathers to celebrate the life of an ailing relative: talking, eating, laughing, and singing. This slice-of-life snapshot shows how family histories can intersect with the history of our country. It is the conclusion of playwright Richard Nelson's four-play cycle, the Apple Family Plays. Weylin Symes directs the cast, which includes Joel Colodner (Benjamin), Laura Latreille (Jane), Karen MacDonald (Barbara), Paul Melendy (Tim), Bill Mootos (Richard), and Sarah Newhouse (Marian). Regular Singing is produced in association with Stoneham Theatre, with whom Symes and company previously worked on Apple Family play installments That Hopey Changey Thing and Sorry. The creative team includes scenic designer Crystal Tiala, costume designer Gail Buckley, lighting designer Jeff Adelberg, sound designer David Wilson, and stage manager Anna Burnham. "Director Weylin Symes and this amazing cast of Boston-area favorites have built a rich and compelling world for the Apple Family to inhabit," says New Repertory managing director Harriet Sheets. "For these actors and this director to have worked with the same characters for nearly two years is a remarkable undertaking. This funny and reflective work is a richly woven tapestry of contemporary American family life, one which I think will certainly charm New Rep audiences." Performances run through September 25. For more information and tickets, click here. Richard Nelson Apple Family X Share via Email To From Email body Hi, I was on TheaterMania.com and thought you might be interested in seeing this. Cancel Send Email Want more stories like these? Get theater news, interviews, videos, exclusive ticket discounts, and more. AROUND THEATERMANIA Most Shared Most Viewed Hamilton National Tour Casting Announced Broadway's Anastasia Releases Its First Cast Photo Bette Midler in Hello, Dolly! Gets Its Broadway Marquee George Takei's Allegiance to Return to Cinemas for Encore Screening Willy Wonka's Broadway Chocolate Factory Decks Out the Lunt-Fontanne Theatre Broadway to Dim the Lights for Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher Want more stories like these? Get theater news, interviews, videos, exclusive ticket discounts, and more. Don't show this again. Visit the TheaterMania.com homepage! Broadway Off-Broadway Off-Off-Broadway Discount Tickets News and Reviews Video All Cities Theater News Reviews Photo Flashes TM Magazine Boston Theater Chicago Theater Las Vegas Theater London Theater Los Angeles Theater Miami Theater New York Theater Philadelphia Theater San Francisco Theater Seattle Theater Washington D.C. Theater Minneapolis / St. Paul About Us Contact Us Jobs Subscribe to our newsletter Email Preferences Unsubscribe Services Listings Advertising Ticketing Learn More Facebook Google+ Twitter Pinterest Tumblr Subscribe to our RSS Feed By providing information about entertainment and cultural events on this site, TheaterMania.com shall not be deemed to endorse, recommend, approve and/or guarantee such events, or any facts, views, advice and/or information contained therein. ©1999 - 2017 TheaterMania.com, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Apple Tax Ruling to Be Appealed as Irish Cabinet Ends Squabble by Dara Doyle @DaraDoy More stories by Dara Doyle September 2, 2016, 4:21 AM EDT September 2, 2016, 8:59 AM EDT Government agrees to appeal ruling after second meeting Apple has already vowed to fight EU’s 13 billion-euro ruling Apple Appealing EU Tax Ruling of $14.5B Ireland’s government agreed to fight this week’s European Union decision forcing Apple Inc. to pay it vast tax arrears, ending a squabble which threatened to destabilize Prime Minister Enda Kenny’s administration. The European Commission ruled that Apple must pay Ireland as much as 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion) plus interest after the state illegally slashed the company’s tax bill, in a record crackdown on fiscal loopholes. The final amount payable could be as much as $19 billion, Irish officials said. While Apple vowed to fight a ruling that it benefited from selective tax treatment, Prime Minister Enda Kenny struggled to persuade independent lawmakers who prop up his government that they should support an appeal aiding the world’s richest company. The appeal was agreed on Friday after a cabinet meeting two days ago was deadlocked. “The Apple ruling has brought some reputational damage to Ireland,” said Dermot O’Leary, an economist at Goodbody Stockbrokers in Dublin. “To restore this reputation, the Irish government has little choice but to appeal and lay out the specific reasons why the EC is wrong on this issue.” While the appeal is now a done deal, the Irish parliament will be recalled on Sept. 7 from its summer recess to discuss the issue. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Sees FBI Admission on Hacking Bolstering His Doubts Older Americans Are Retiring in Droves Trump’s DC Hotel Tagged With $5 Million in Unpaid Worker Liens Gross Says Trump Targeting Companies Reminiscent of Mussolini Trump Says U.S. Can Pay for Border Wall, Bill Mexico Later Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Outdoors Business More News Features DT10 Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Social Media > Apple activates verified Twitter account ahead of… Apple activates verified Twitter account ahead of iPhone unveiling By Saqib Shah — September 2, 2016 8:35 PM Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Apple has made some major changes to its long dormant Twitter account just days before its new iPhone launch event. The official @Apple profile was registered by Apple in 2011, but until now it lacked the company’s iconic logo and a cover image. The latter has been resolved with a banner photo that matches the design of the invitation Apple sent out for its upcoming event, due to take place on Wednesday. Most importantly, the account carries the little blue verification checkmark that means it’s truly run by Apple. Intriguingly, Twitter Chief Operating Officer Adam Bain first shared the news of the account’s revival in a tweet which has since been deleted. “Please welcome the @Apple account to Twitter,” read Bain’s post. The Twitter exec followed his initial tweet with a reply to a user detailing what is new about the account, reports Mashable. Apple’s @Apple Twitter account is active At present, the @Apple account’s timeline is empty. Considering Apple already has three existing (and active) Twitter accounts, including @AppleSupport, @AppleMusic, and @AppleNews, it begs the question: what is there left for Apple to tweet about? Related: Twitter co-founder Evan Williams addresses those takeover rumors A promoted tweet courtesy of the @Apple account may give us an indication of what to expect. The ad, which does not appear on the profile’s timeline, states the details of the upcoming event, including the date and a link to Apple’s livestream. Apple could even be planning to live-tweet the event on Twitter. September 7 at 10 a.m. PT Watch the event on https://t.co/yLa2e4Xr2R. RT for a reminder on event day. #AppleEvent pic.twitter.com/e9MHNkLeoi &mdash; Apple (@Apple) September 2, 2016 The ad also states “RT for a reminder on event day,” with users claiming they have been mentioned in a tweet from the account after retweeting the post. It seems Apple is sending everyone who shares the ad on Twitter a thank-you note in the form of a tweet. Additionally, the ad contains a cool hashtag-activated Twitter emoji. Now when you inevitably tweet #AppleEvent on the date of the iPhone launch, the hashtag will be followed by a grey Apple logo. Twitter’s personalized icons are reported to cost up to $1 million. That’s small change for Apple, but it shows the company is making a real investment in its Twitter presence. Is it also possible that both Apple and Twitter are drawing attention to the account because the two firms are planning some sort of collaboration? We already know that Twitter is working on bringing its NFL live-streams to Apple TV. Could Apple be planning on returning the favor by live-streaming its iPhone event on Twitter? The move would certainly tie in with Twitter’s push to bring live media content to its platform. We have reached out to both Twitter and Apple, but have not yet received a response. Despite no signs of activity, Apple fanboys (and girls) have already flocked to the account, which currently has over 200,000 followers. There is currently a rather large gulf between the follower counts of Apple’s existing Twitter accounts — @AppleSupport has 467,000 followers, compared to a whopping 8.61 million followers for @AppleMusic. Live-tweeting its event is sure to boost the @Apple account’s following into the millions, too. Aside from Twitter, Apple is also upping its social media presence elsewhere. As spotted by Reddit user cMac0801, the company’s Facebook page looks to now be active, with its very own verification checkmark. Could Snapchat be next? Also watch: Share
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple and Others File Support for Microsoft in Fight for Government Data Access Disclosures Friday September 2, 2016 9:35 PM PDT by Husain Sumra Apple and other companies today filed friend-of-the-court briefs to support Microsoft in its legal fight with the U.S. Department of Justice. Microsoft's lawsuit is aimed at striking down a law that prevents companies from telling customers about government data requests, reports Reuters. Apple joined a wide array of companies to support Microsoft, including Fox News, The Washington Post, BP, Delta Airlines, Google, Snapchat, Amazon, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the Electronic Frontier Foundation, Mozilla and more. Microsoft filed its lawsuit against the Justice Department in April, saying that the government is using the authority of the 30-year-old Electronic Communications Privacy Act to prevent companies from informing customers when they hand over private data stored in the cloud. Microsoft argues that the government is violating the Fourth Amendment, which guarantees the right for people and businesses to know if the government is searching or seizing their property, and the company's First Amendment right to free speech, which it would use to inform customers. The Department of Justice, which filed a motion to dismiss the suit in July, argues that the public has a "compelling interest in keeping criminal investigations confidential" and that Microsoft has no standing to bring on the case. It also contends that there are procedural safeguards to protect constitutional rights. Apple has also been embroiled in a legal fight with the DoJ, asserting that the FBI's use of the All Writs Act to force Apple to unlock the iPhone used by San Bernardino shooter Syed Farouk is both unprecedented and dangerous. Microsoft was one of the many companies filing amicus briefs in support of Apple. Note: Due to the political nature of the discussion regarding this topic, the discussion thread is located in our Politics, Religion, Social Issues forum. All forum members and site visitors are welcome to read and follow the thread, but posting is limited to forum members with at least 100 posts. Tag: privacy 48 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) DakotaGuy 18 weeks ago Here's a good example of private companies caring more about citizen's rights then the Government. I find it ironic that liberals always put all their faith in the Government to solve problems and discount private companies as being the problem. In many cases those companies are actually the ones looking out for the citizens. Rating: 14 Votes macduke 18 weeks ago Gotta love the fact that our government is so terrible that bitter corporate enemies are putting aside their differences to help each other out. And I'm not even talking about Apple/Microsoft or Apple/Google. You've got freaking Fox News and Apple fighting for the same cause. I mean honestly, how do you guys look at yourselves in the mirror every day? What do your wives, husbands and children think about what you do? Keep up the good work, Feds! You insufferable assho… *CONNECTION TERMINATED* Rating: 14 Votes miniroll32 18 weeks ago But no Facebook? Aha! Rating: 13 Votes 4jasontv 18 weeks ago Here's a good example of private companies caring more about citizen's rights then the Government. I find it ironic that liberals always put all their faith in the Government to solve problems and discount private companies as being the problem. In many cases those companies are actually the ones looking out for the citizens. I mean, their motives aren't exactly pure, since they are undoubtably doing it because they think people won't trust them if they simply hand it over. I wouldn't build those pedestals to high or they might tip over when those patriotic companies start getting a little shifty. Rating: 7 Votes Bawstun 18 weeks ago Think it's more that the companies are caring about their bottom dollar - no one is going to use your software or app when word of them handing over your data to the DOJ gets out. Fighting this can *only* work in a company's favor. Rating: 4 Votes nt5672 18 weeks ago After the NSA scandal Microsoft need to be at least seen as doing something so good on em. Even as a big M fan, I was very disappointed in them when it leaked, I expected something like that from Facebook and Google. The NSA is killing businesses like Cisco and Microsoft because no one outside of the US trusts them any more. I don't understand why anyone in the US trusts them either. We just need to stop the government at everything it does. Why? Because it is not possible to split hairs with the government and they will corrupt anything they try to do. Rating: 3 Votes alexgowers 18 weeks ago Here's a good example of private companies caring more about citizen's rights then the Government. I find it ironic that liberals always put all their faith in the Government to solve problems and discount private companies as being the problem. In many cases those companies are actually the ones looking out for the citizens. Sad I know that companies actually care! Nope they're just protecting themselves from the public backlash. It's a circle jerk from public to private to government and back again. Don't ever think for one second though that companies care. The government probably has the higher ground wanting to protect citizens but the ultimate goal of that logical progression is no civil rights and totalitarian rule. Rating: 3 Votes CarlJ 18 weeks ago If CEO Cook lied about small things ('http://www.macworld.com/article/2952737/gadgets/the-apple-watch-secret-what-tim-cook-doesn-t-want-you-to-know.html'), then why would he tell the truth about big things?Do you actually look at the articles you link to, or do you just think that having links in your post makes your argument appear stronger? Your link is to a Macalope article. The Macalope lampoons tech journalists and analysts in much the same way that The Daily Show and the (alas, no more) Colbert Report highlight the idiocy of politicians. The article you reference is showing what an idiot some tech industry analyst is for suggesting/not-quite-claiming that Tim Cook lied about the reasons for not divulging Apple Watch sales figures, by showing that the actual reason stated by Tim Cook is simpler and makes a lot more sense than the fearmongering conspiracy theory advanced by the analyst. In short, the article you linked to is showing the exact opposite of what you claim. Referencing this article, as evidence that Tim Cook lies, makes you appear rather inept and foolish. Rating: 3 Votes CarlJ 18 weeks ago Here's a good example of private companies caring more about citizen's rights then the Government. I find it ironic that liberals always put all their faith in the Government to solve problems and discount private companies as being the problem. In many cases those companies are actually the ones looking out for the citizens. You would likely find my opinions quite liberal. And I am telling you, I believe there needs to be a balance. Financial corporations with insufficient government oversight gave us a banking crisis last decade that nearly ruined the nation (and, funny, for some reason there aren't a thousand finance company executives in jail over that - there absolutely should be). And an awful lot of boards of directors operate as group sociopaths - the corporation is given all the rights of a "person" but can't be sent to jail, the board does whatever makes the most money with little regard to morals, and the board members somehow sleep at night thinking it's the corporations's responsibility not theirs. There are a lot of good companies out there, and honest executives, but there are some pretty despicable ones as well. At the other end of the field, many government agencies, especially those charged with national security in one way or another, have a tendency to see constitutional protections as an irritating roadblock to "getting their jobs done" (too bad - if the rules only apply when convenient, they don't really apply)*. As I said, there needs to be a balance. Both sides need to be kept in check. I'm finding it rather surreal that I trust Microsoft (a company that in it's past life did some pretty dastardly things to screw the competition rather than focusing its efforts on making its own products better) more than I trust the government's security apparatus. I think there's a lot of powerful people in the security agencies that think they're helping the country, and that think it's okay to break the rules if "you're the good guys", and don't see that by doing so they're turning into the jackbooted thugs needed to run a police state. But don't take this as, "see, it's the government that's bad, not corporations" - there are serious problems on both sides. *: (And on a local level in many cities you find that a militarization of the police, post 9/11, has come along with a really strong us-vs-them attitude towards the people they're supposed to be protecting - mix in some bad apple racist cops that their fellow officers choose to form a defensive wall around rather than casting out, and we've seen a lot of unarmed citizen blood spilled and a lot of police coverups, fomenting more distrust and disrespect towards the police.) Rating: 3 Votes TallGuyGT 18 weeks ago This governmental overreach is pretty astounding. Let's trample on not one, but two amendments that make up the Bill of Rights. Good for Microsoft and the companies supporting them. I support law enforcement and all they do to keep us safe. However, history has long shown us that power will be abused and there needs to be checks and balances. Rating: 3 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories CES 2017: The Best Apple Related Accessories 1 hour ago on Front Page Apple may not take part in the annual Consumer Electronics Show, but the event is still filled with all kinds of Apple-related accessories from third-party vendors. Some aren't so great or are... 3 comments CES 2017: Mixtile Hub Promises to Expand HomeKit to ZigBee and Z-Wave Smart Home Devices 4 hours ago on Front Page Focalcrest, a Chinese company focusing on intelligent hardware solutions, today debuted a new HomeKit hub that promises to bring HomeKit connectivity to various connected home products that would not... 24 comments Apple Said to Shift to Lower Power IGZO Displays for MacBook Pro Later This Year 8 hours ago on Front Page Apple will shift to indium gallium zinc oxide (IGZO) material for MacBook Pro displays as soon as later this year, according to IHS. The research firm told DigiTimes that Apple may continue to... 139 comments Tim Cook's Pay Was $1.5 Million Less in 2016 as Apple Missed its Own Performance Targets 12 hours ago on Front Page Apple's annual shareholders meeting will be held on February 28 at 9:00 a.m. Pacific Time in the Town Hall building at its Infinite Loop headquarters in Cupertino, California, according to an SEC... 378 comments Original iPhone Prototype With iPod Click Wheel Surfaces Online 12 hours ago on Front Page An early prototype of the original iPhone has been shared online by Sonny Dickson, with a collection of images and a video that provide a glimpse into one version of the iPhone that Apple created and... 82 comments Apple's Iconic Fifth Avenue Store Moving to Temporary Location on January 20 During Renovations 22 hours ago on Front Page In June 2015 it was reported that Apple would renovate its iconic Fifth Avenue retail store, temporarily relocating its operations to the vacated FAO Schwarz toy store in the General Motors... 50 comments Pepcom at CES: HomeKit Accessories Galore, a Tiny Apple Watch Charger, an iPhone-Connected Car HUD, and More 1 day ago on Front Page One of the best ways to see the highlights of what CES has to offer is at the shows -- CES Unveiled, Pepcom, and ShowStoppers. MacRumors videographer Matt hit up Pepcom last night, where he searched... 12 comments Alpine Introduces $900 Infotainment System With Wireless CarPlay 1 day ago on Front Page While wireless CarPlay implementations have been supported since iOS 9, the functionality has so far been limited to a single BMW model. That will change next month, however, as Alpine has introduced... 73 comments • T-Mobile to Simplify Phone Bills With Single Unlimited Data Plan and No Additional Fees (209) • iOS 10 Now Installed on 76% of Active iOS Devices (180) • Hands-On: OWC's 'DEC' Adds an SD Card Slot, Ethernet, and USB Type-A Ports to the MacBook Pro (201) • Hulu Bringing CBS-Owned Networks to Live TV Service, Which Will Be Priced 'Under $40' Per Month (83) • App Store Sets New Records With $240M in Sales on New Year's Day, $20B Paid to Developers in 2016 (69) • Audi and Nvidia Working on Fully Autonomous Car for 2020 Rollout (118) • LG Debuts 'Hub Robot' to Compete With Google Home and Amazon Echo (110)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade Grinding Espers Like It's My Job - The TouchArcade Show #289 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Milkmaid of the Milky Way' Cult Flash RPG 'Sonny' Coming to Mobile Courtesy of Armor Games Artsy and Emotional Puzzle Adventure 'Shards of Memories' Now Available 'Demon's Rise' Gets Update Bringing Tech on Par With 'Demon's Rise 2' AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices 'Pegasus' hacking software threatens Macs too International Business Times Susmita Baral 9/2/2016 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL The world's most powerful people These are the best and worst states to retire in © Reuters A recent bug in iPhone devices left users vulnerable to a hacking software—called “Pegasus”—that would turn devices into a mobile surveillance gadget by releasing three zero-day bugs to gather personal data. Now, the same security threat reportedly affects Mac desktop and laptops as well. In response to the iPhone security threat, Apple rolled out a software update—the current 9.3.5 version—which would protect users from the undetectable virus. "The software leaves absolutely no indicators of compromise to the user," said Mike Murray, vice president of security research and response at mobile security firm Lookout, to Business Insider. Similar to its response to the iPhone vulnerability, Apple released an OSX update on Thursday that will protect Macs from the hacking software. Those with Apple desktop and laptop devices should download Security Update 2006–001 for El Capitan and Security Update 2006–005 for Yosemite, which will stop applications from revealing kernel memory. There is also a Safari 9.1.3 update for El Capitan, Yosemite, and OS X 10.9.5 Mavericks—this update takes care of the memory corruption issue that would leave devices vulnerable. “Pegasus is the most sophisticated attack we’ve seen on any endpoint because it takes advantage of how integrated mobile devices are in our lives and the combination of features only available on mobile — always connected (WiFi, 3G/4G), voice communications, camera, email, messaging, GPS, passwords, and contact lists,” write Lookout and Citizen Lab, the security firms that first uncovered the iOS flaw, in a blog post. “It is modular to allow for customization and uses strong encryption to evade detection.” Users who have not updated their phone or computers should do so immediately and have likely received an auto-update prompt from Apple on their device. If the devices are not updates, consumers are at risk of letting their gadgets get remotely hacked. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from International Business Times The Term 'White Hispanic' Sets Twitter Ablaze International Business Times Esteben Santiago Isn't The First Ex-Serviceman To Turn Weapons On Civilians International Business Times 'Who Wouldn't Be Annoyed?' He Asked International Business Times NVIDIA, Mercedes-Benz Will Make An AI-Powered Car International Business Times International Business Times View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Ireland to join Apple in fight against EU tax ruling Reuters Padraic Halpin and Conor Humphries 9/2/2016 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL The world's most powerful people These are the best and worst states to retire in Click to expand Replay Video Toyota to Trump: We've Invested $21 billion in US Toyota issued a rebuke to President-elect Donald Trump for his shortsighted comments on Twitter. On Jan. 5th, Trump tweeted a threat to the Japanese automaker for a planned factory in Mexico for Corolla production. The tweet threatened a big border tax on future imports from the proposed plant in Baja, adding to build the plant in the United States. But the Toyota Motor Corp. is an important corporate citizen in the US already. According to the company, they have invested over $21 billion in US operations over the past 6 decades. Wochit News The world's most punctual airline is ... The annual ranking of the world's most on time airlines for 2016 has been released. We countdown the top ten. CNBC Free marijuana on day of inauguration A marijuana activist group plans to give out 4,200 free joints to protest at Trump's inauguration CNN PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Irish cabinet sides with Apple over tax Reuters See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Toyota to Trump: We've Invested $21 billion in US Wochit News0:40 The world's most punctual airline is ... CNBC1:01 Free marijuana on day of inauguration CNN5:33 5 stunning stats about Costco CNN Money1:01 SeaWorld says goodbye to orca shows Wochit Business0:31 Who will pay for Trump's wall? Fox Business3:32 How Amazon's Alexa won CES 2017 The Wall Street Journal.2:31 Three ways student loan debt can affect your retirement The Washington Post1:37 Trump's talk threatens Toyota and wider sector Reuters1:41 Will store closures and layoffs help Macy's grow? The Street0:56 Owner of Japanese sushi chain pays $632,000 for a single tuna TheWrap0:45 Homeowners who live in copies of famous properties The Wall Street Journal.2:05 Why are tacos so popular at Jack in the Box? Fox Business2:01 NY Times app banned in China CNBC0:37 MyPillow fights against BBB's F-rating Wochit Business0:30 Coca-Cola sued over claims it made about obesity and its drinks Newsy1:01 UP NEXT Ireland's cabinet agreed on Friday to join Apple in appealing against a multi-billion-euro back tax demand that the European Commission has imposed on the iPhone maker, despite misgivings among independents who back the fragile coalition. The Commission's ruling this week that the U.S. tech giant must pay up to 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion) to Dublin has angered Washington, which accuses the EU of trying to grab tax revenue that should go to the U.S. government. Quotes in the article Apple Inc AAPL ▲ 117.91 +1.30 +1.11% With transatlantic tensions rising, the White House said President Barack Obama would raise the issue of tax avoidance by some multinational corporations at a summit of the G20 leading economies in China this weekend. Paradoxically, Ireland is determined not to accept the tax windfall, which would be equivalent to what it spent last year on funding its struggling health service. Finance Minister Michael Noonan has insisted Dublin would fight any adverse ruling ever since the European Union began investigating Apple's Irish tax affairs in 2014, arguing that it had to protect a tax regime that has attracted large numbers of multinational employers. On Wednesday, he failed to persuade a group of independent lawmakers, whose support is vital for the minority government, to agree to fight the ruling by European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager that Apple's low tax arrangements in Ireland constitute illegal state aid. However, he won them over when the cabinet met again on Friday. Noonan said the retroactive nature of the EU ruling was "little short of bizarre and outrageous". "How could any foreign direct investor come into Europe if they thought the valid arrangements they made under law could be overturned a generation later and they be liable to pay back money," he said at a news conference. Public Expenditure Minister Paschal Donohoe said Dublin stood behind its corporate tax regime as a means of creating jobs. "This ruling has seismic and entirely negative consequences for job creation in the future," he said. Apple, keen to defend its own interests, has already said it will lodge an appeal. For Fine Gael, the main Irish coalition party, a broader principle is at stake. It wants to take on Brussels to safeguard Ireland's decades-old low corporate tax policy that has drawn in multinationals such as Apple, creating one in 10 jobs in what was once an impoverished country. A FAIR RATE OF TAX The Independent Alliance, a group of five lawmakers, fell in line after the coalition agreed to conduct a review of what tax multinationals pay and what should they pay. Transport Minister Shane Ross, an Alliance member, defended Apple up to a point. "I think they were acting legally. What they were doing was making use of extraordinary loopholes that existed there," he told reporters. "Multinationals provide absolutely vital jobs to the economy ... (but) multinationals should pay a fair rate of tax in Ireland." A failure of the Alliance to come on board would have cast doubt on the government's survival prospects. Dublin has just over two months to lodge an appeal to the EU's General Court. If that fails, Dublin has said it plans to take the case to the European Court of Justice. The issue goes to parliament on Wednesday next week, when lawmakers will be recalled from their summer break. The main opposition party, Fianna Fail, also favours challenging Brussels, so the government should easily win the Dail's backing to fight what is by far the largest anti-competition measure imposed on a company by the EU. Some Irish voters are astounded that the government might turn down the money, and the left-wing Sinn Fein party has led attacks from the opposition. Apple was found to be holding over $181 billion in accumulated profits offshore, more than any U.S. company, in a study published last year by two left-leaning nonprofit groups, a policy critics say is designed to avoid paying U.S taxes. But Apple chief executive Tim Cook has said part of the company's 2014 tax bill would be paid next year when the company repatriates offshore profits to the United States. OBAMA TO TAKE THE LEAD The U.S. government is keen to ensure that it, and not Ireland, gets the revenue. White House spokesman Josh Earnest said leaders of the G20 developed and emerging economies would tackle the wider issue when they meet in the Chinese city of Hangzhou on Sept. 4-5. "The president will ... lead the discussion at the G20 about combating tax avoidance strategies that are implemented by some multinational corporations," Earnest said. "We need to find a way to make the global system of taxation more fair - more fair to countries around the world, particularly countries like the United States." A number of G20 governments are worried about how multinationals move profits around so they end up getting taxed in a country that has very low corporate rates. Last year the Organisation for Economic Co Operation and Development unveiled new measures to tackle corporate tax avoidance. A number of countries have moved to implement some of them measures, but the United States has not. It needs to change its own tax rules which, for example, allow companies to build up tax-free profits offshore. However, Congress has struggled for years to agree such reforms. ($1 = 0.8937 euros) (Additional reporting by Roberta Rampton and Tom Bergin; writing by David Stamp; editing by Giles Elgood) Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From Reuters Chicago's gang violence catches highway drivers in crossfire Reuters Israel cuts $6 million in U.N. funding over settlements resolution Reuters U.S. charges ex-Haiti coup leader with drug trafficking conspiracy Reuters Struggling upscale US retailer Neiman Marcus pulls IPO Reuters Reuters View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile/Gallery Mobile Apple to begin cleansing its App Store of outdated apps By Brandon Russell | September 2, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Apple likes to flaunt the size of its App Store as if it’s a barometer of the marketplace’s quality. It’s not. More doesn’t always equal better, and it appears the Cupertino company’s executive are starting to realize this. In a letter sent out to developers this week, Apple said it will begin scrubbing the App Store of apps that don’t follow content guidelines or that simply aren’t being updated. The much-needed cleanse, fittingly, will kick off on Sept. 7, the same day Apple is expected to unveil its iPhone 7. With over two million apps in the App Store, Apple is trying to hold developers accountable so iPhone and iPad users get the best experience possible. And with iOS 10 on the way, it’s important these apps are up-to-date so they work properly with Apple’s newest software release. If Apple spots an offending app during its audit, developers will have 30 days to issue an update; failure to do so will get their app kicked out of the App Store. You’ll still be able to use an outdated app on your phone but new customers will no longer be able to download it. Any apps that crash upon launch will be removed immediately, Apple said. Oh, and if that wasn’t enough, Apple said it’s also cutting down on apps that have long names. In most cases, these developers are simply using keywords in the title so they trend higher in search results. If the App Store starts feeling a little lighter beginning next week, now you know why. You can read a FAQ on Apple’s website discussing the crackdown on updated apps. Source Apple Via Fortune Topics #Apple #Apple Brandon Russell Follow Brandon Russell enjoys writing about technology and entertainment. When he’s not watching Back to the Future, you can find him on a hike or watching soccer.… Read More Recent Posts Hulu Live TV first look: Competitors should be shaking in their boots Melody is an app that adds AI to your tired Bluetooth speaker These ultra-rugged All-Terrain Sound Speakers can survive a ten foot drop onto concrete Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2017 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news Web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News World Report Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices Siri to send LinkedIn messages, search Pinterest USA TODAY Jefferson Graham 03/09/2016 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Mystery object hurtling towards Earth 'could be a comet' Five dead at Fort Lauderdale airport after shots fired by Iraq veteran Replay Video Mattel brings artificial intelligence and the Internet of Things into the kids rooms USA TODAY Meet Kuri, one of many robots debuting at CES 2017 USA TODAY CES 2017 - Velop, a router Alexa can command USA TODAY Play Pause Seek i Volume Volume Volume Mute Unmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LO Full Screen Exit Full Screen Play Pause Volume Volume LOS ANGELES -- Apple's Siri upgrades will let you dictate LinkedIn messages, verbally search for shoe photos on Pinterest, and hail an Uber, hands-free. When Apple unveils its new iPhone Wednesday, it's expected to push hard on software improvements available for its next mobile operating system, iOS 10, available for current iPhones and a predicted new iPhone model. The iPhone's voice-activated digital assistant Siri will be a key part of this upgrade, say tech analysts and developers.  Siri, primarily used for voice commands to dial phone numbers, set reminders and get traffic information, has been opened to third-party developers after five years of existence. Apple, via a spokeswoman said that app developers are creating "completely new ways for users to interact" within apps.  “This is such a huge leap,” says Sagi Dudai, vice-president of mobile development for voice over internet protocol company Vonage. “Because now there will be so many more options.” This year’s Siri “will help Apple narrow the gap with Google,” which has a big head start in voice recognition software, says Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research. Apple has said that some 2 billion Siri requests are sent in to the company weekly, “but while some people used it, others said it just wasn’t good enough and too frustrating,” says Dawson. “So this is a chance for Apple to try and win them (consumers) back.” Many developers' early use of the new Siri will be touted at the Apple event next week, as examples of what is possible, say developers. For instance, according to Apple, the new Siri will let users: --Dictate messages on LinkedIn or What’s App.  --Search for photos on the Looklive, Pikazo, Pinterest and Vogue Runway apps. --Hail rides on Lyft, Uber, China’s Didi and Europe’s mytaxi.   --Make business phone calls via the Vonage Essentials app or Skype. --Pay direct to friends on Square Cash or Monzo.   These fall into the six categories available to app developers--ride hailing, communications, voice calls, payments, photo search and workout apps. Missing are non-Apple music, news, weather and traffic apps, for instance. Apple has said it hopes to open up additional categories to developers in the future.  The average iPhone owner has 30 apps on their phone, notes Kiran Prasad, vice-president of engineering for business social network LinkedIn, and using voice to dictate a message takes less time than using the touchpad.  After unlocking the home screen, finding the app, opening it, waiting for it to load, navigating to the message tab, pressing to compose a new message, typing in the words and then clicking send, instead you could say “Send a LinkedIn message" to (your friend), dictate it, and order Siri to send it. That speedier process “will have a huge impact” on Siri’s usage, says Prasad. Noah Rosenberg, the co-founder and CEO of St. Louis based photo app Pikazo, says his five-member team of developers could never have pulled off creating something like Siri, “but now Apple has opened it to us,” he says. “We would have needed an army of developers to do this….now we’re playing on the same playing field as all these massive giants.” Rosenberg says the promise of Siri was that you’d have a “genie” in your phone who could suddenly answer questions and perform tasks. But “you stopped using Siri because it didn’t live up to what it was supposed to be,” he says. Cedric Rogers, CEO of the Looklive photo app, which shows pictures of celebrities and offers options for buying their outfits, says he’s primarily used Siri just for directions and making calls and texts while driving. With the new apps, and more people using them, the usage of Siri will greatly increase. “As more people bark in different orders, Siri will get better, because the system will learn. The more feedback, the better it will get.” For now, users will have to learn specific commands, and make sure to mention the app in question. For instance, say “Send a LinkedIn message to Julie,” or else the message will be sent via Apple’s iMessages. “Make a call on Skype to John” or else you’ll dial it on your regular line. Apple has said it was only starting with six categories for Siri apps to give developers time to come up to speed, and that it looks to add more categories eventually. It's expected to make IOS 10 available by mid-September. Follow USA TODAY’s Jefferson Graham on Twitter, @jeffersongraham. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY First look: Intel Project Alloy, VR without wires USA TODAY Nvidia aims to spread Google AI through home USA TODAY At CES, the frenzy over self-driving cars is palpable USA TODAY 5 CES gadgets that made me say wow USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
  Caracas, Friday January 6,2017   Home | About us | Who's Who | Contacts | Help Search:  Venezuela Links Venezuela Overview Venezuelan Embassies & Consulates Around The World Sites/Blogs about Venezuela Venezuelan Newspapers Facts about Venezuela Venezuela Tourism Embassies in Caracas Colombia Links Colombia Overview Colombian Embassies & Consulates Around the World Government Links Embassies in Bogota Media Sites/Blogs about Colombia Educational Institutions Wall Street Stocks Commodity Prices Commodities Crude Oil US Gasoline Prices Natural Gas Gold Silver Copper Currencies Euro UK Pound Australia Dollar Canada Dollar Brazil Real Mexico Peso India Rupee Caribbean Antigua & Barbuda Aruba Barbados Cayman Islands Cuba Curacao Dominica Caribbean G-Z Grenada Haiti Jamaica Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Central America Belize Costa Rica El Salvador Honduras Nicaragua Panama North America Bahamas Bermuda Mexico South America Argentina Brazil Chile Guyana Paraguay Peru Uruguay Follow Us What's New at LAHT? Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Most Viewed on the Web Popular on Twitter Receive Our Daily Headlines   HOME | Business & Economy (Click here for more) Irish Government to Appeal ECs $14.5 Billion Unpaid Apple Tax Ruling DUBLIN  The Irish government said on Friday it would appeal the European Commission ruling that Apple should pay 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion) in unpaid back taxes. Finance Minister Michael Noonan said there were some very important principles at stake in the case that needed a robust legal challenge in courts to defend Irelands interests. The full amount of tax was paid in this case and no State aid was provided, Noonan said in an official statement. Ireland did not give favorable tax treatment to Apple. The EC ruled Tuesday that Apple must pay taxes for the years 2003-2014, plus interest. Noonan said Ireland had two months and 10 days to lodge an appeal and that the government was required to recover up to 13 billion euros plus interest pending the outcome of the appeal. The EC concluded that Ireland had granted undue tax benefits to Apple for it to set up operations on the island, a selective treatment that breached European Union rules governing state aid. Irelands finance minister Michael Noonan said he disagreed profoundly with the commissions ruling. Fridays cabinet meeting was initially scheduled for Wednesday, but was postponed to allow further time to reflect on the issues and to clarify a number of legal and technical issues. The EC decision sparked rebuke from Apple officials. Company chief executive Tim Cook criticized the findings and described the ruling as maddening, adding that he was confident that it would be overturned if brought before the European Courts. He defended Apples tax history in Ireland as being lawful. European Commissioner Margrethe Vestager, who is in charge of competition policy, said that the ECs findings were based on an in-depth investigation. I also think and hope that if it goes to the courts that it will be upheld by the European Court, she said. The government statement added that it was good practice to undertake periodic reviews of policy and that the last time corporate tax policy came under scrutiny was in 2014. We need to ensure that Irelands corporation tax code meets these new standards while remaining competitive as the economy continues to grow, the statement said.   Enter your email address to subscribe to free headlines (and great cartoons so every email has a happy ending!) from the Latin American Herald Tribune:   RSS Feed [ Home ] [ About Us ] [ Who's Who ] [ Contacts ] [ Help ] Copyright Latin American Herald Tribune - 2005-2015 © All rights reserved
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home Mobiles Reviews Gadgets Features Top 10 Mobiles How to Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Gadgets Reviews Features How To Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Mobile  |  News  | Apple to unveil Beats products at September 7 event Apple to unveil Beats products at September 7 event By: Gizbot Bureau Published: Saturday, September 3, 2016, 7:01 [IST] US tech giant Apple is set to unveil new Beats by Dre products at the company's much-anticipated iPhone 7 launch event on September 7. The mega event at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco will unveil the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus smartphones along with the next-generation Apple Watch, appleinsider.com reported on Friday. SEE ALSO: Apple to remove unused apps from its App Store The company has reportedly sent out invites to select media to cover the launch of iPhone 7. Apple acquired the headphone manufacturer Beats for $3 billion in 2014. It is still unclear what kinds of Beats products will be unveiled, but the brand is known for a variety of headphones and portable Bluetooth speakers. "Apple is also expected to unveil new, entirely wireless Bluetooth earbuds dubbed "AirPods" at the upcoming event. Whether the product will be sold with Apple or Beats branding remains to be seen, " appleinsider.com reported on Friday. People can pre-order the luxury smartphone from September 9 while sales may begin from September 16. The new iPhone 7 may have a dual rear camera, a pressure-sensitive home button, Bluetooth-supported headphones, dual speakers at the bottom and Type-C interface, signalling the end of the 3.5 mm headphone jack in the iPhone family. SEE ALSO: Samsung Gear S3, Asus ZenWatch 3, HTC One A9s & More Devices Announced at IFA 2016 To date, Apple has kept Beats products largely separate from its own. Devices like the iPhone still ship with Apple-branded EarPods, while Beats headphones are sold separately, the report added. Source IANS Apple iPhone 7 Pro Apple iPhone 7 Plus Specifications Photos Videos News Specifications Photos Videos News Apple iPhone 7 Plus (Rose Gold, 32GB) 68,599 Gallery   |   8 Photos Apple iPhone 7 Plus +See All Read More About iphone 7 | apple | smartphones | news Other articles published on Sep 3, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... Top smartphones with OIS featuring camera module to buy this month How to Live Stream Xiaomi Mi CES 2017 Event Tonight XOLO Era 2X with VoLTE and Fingerprint Sensor Launched at Rs. 6,666 Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK List of 6GB RAM Smartphones That Are Available Globally Google Starts Rolling Out January Android Security Update Moto is Hosting the Moto Collide Event In India Find out the Total Number of WhatsApp Messages Sent in One Day MSI Unveils New Lineup Of 7th Generation 4K Laptops Corning to Feature Evolution of Glass Age Vision at CES 2017 OnePlus Opens its First ‘Experience Store’ in India 8 Exciting Initiatives that Google has taken for India Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro with 6GB of RAM Launching in India Soon Samsung Galaxy S8 Rumor Roundup: Digital Assistant, 8GB RAM and More Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles LYF Water 3Karbonn Titanium Vista 4GAsus ZenFone Go 4.5 LTE (ZB450KL)Karbonn K9 Viraat 4GLYF Wind 7SVideocon Bazoomba6 V2SBAsus ZenFone 3 Max ZC553KLLenovo K6 NoteSwipe Elite MaxZTE Nubia N1Motorola Moto MSwipe Elite StarPanasonic Eluga PrimAlcatel Idol 4Lenovo Phab 2 Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy

Home Contact Advertise About RSS @PowerPage @JasonOGrady Rumor: Apple working on professionally-gear iPads, new iMacs, new notebooks and is collaborating on a 5K monitor with LG Posted by: Chris Barylick Date: Tuesday, August 30th, 2016, 05:52 Category: Apple Pencil, Hardware, iPad, MacBook Air, MacBook Pro, macOS, Rumor, Samsung, Sierra, USB-C Apple is rumored to be planning a slew of updates across its iPads, notebooks and desktops according to sources. The company is said to be expanding its operating system support for the Apple Pencil while widespread hardware changes will emerge in next-gen versions of the iMac, MacBook Air and a 5K standalone monitor in collaboration with LG Electronics Inc., in addition to a thinner MacBook Pro notebook. Apple is thought to be shipping an updated iPad next year, while new Macs are expected in late 2016 according to anonymous sources. Apple has declined to comment, but it’s been said that in the wake of iPad unit sales declining year-over-year for nine straight quarters, Apple is looking to create more professionally-geared models that have produced the first increase in quarterly iPad revenue in more than two years. New features aimed at higher-paying professional customers could support this trend, while the goal of the Mac updates is to keep the line’s sales numbers stable even as sales of rival personal computers continue falling. Apple is thought to be rolling out more pro-level iPad features in iOS 10, but could also save the enhancements for the next major iOS version later in the year, said one of the sources. Apple began integrating features exclusive to the iPad last year with the release of a mode to work in two applications simultaneously. The planned iPad update will include improvements to the Apple Pencil, a handwriting and drawing stylus aimed at professionals. Apple has considered allowing users to annotate objects in many applications across the whole operating system, including in Mail, the Safari web browser, and iMessage, similar to what Samsung Electronics Co. offers on its Note smartphones, the person said. Currently, Apple only supports Pencil functionality in specifically developed apps. The new iPad hardware will include faster display technology that allows for smoother zooming, panning and scrolling according to one of the sources. Apple isn’t planning to update its iPad lineup until next year, when a new version of the iPad Pro will be released with a 10.5-inch display, up from the current 9.7-inch display, according to a recent research note by analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. Apple is also expected to release new Macs as soon as October. The revamped MacBook Air is said to include multi-functional USB-C port technology and iMacs with an option for new graphics chips from Advanced Micro Devices Inc. As has been mentioned before here on the PowerPage, Apple is said to be developing a thinner MacBook Pro notebook with a flatter keyboard. The standout feature is a digital function key display above the keyboard that allows for common tasks to be done more quickly for whatever program is being used, according to people familiar with the upcoming product. The feature is internally called the “Dynamic Function Row,” two of the people said, who added that Apple’s official name may differ. The Dynamic Function Row, as it were, shows a virtual representation that can change as needed and includes brightness and media controls as well as features such as volume controls and controls for browsing in Safari or making quick edits in iMovie, etc. The feature requires the upcoming Sierra Mac operating system, which is currently on track to be released as early as the end of September, one of the people said. Sierra will also bring the Siri voice assistant to the Mac, support for Apple Pay transactions on the web, new animations in the iMessage application, deeper iCloud integration for file storage, and an auto-unlock feature for users wearing Apple Watches, the company said in June. Finally, Apple is working on a new standalone monitor to connect to its computers, according to the people. After exiting the monitor business earlier this year with the discontinuation of the 27-inch Thunderbolt display, Apple is working with LG Electronics on a new monitor with a high-resolution “5K” screen, according to one of the people. Apple currently sells an iMac with a built-in 5K panel, which includes over seven times as many pixels as standard 1080p displays. A spokesperson for LG declined to comment. Via Bloomberg Tweet Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) More Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Related Recent Posts Intel announces new Kaby Lake processors, upgraded Macs likely in 2017 AT&T announces global 5G modem, cites "5G Evolution" plans Apple Pay to gain support, integration at more than 300,000 MORE loyalty card-based vending machines Apple to release Q1 2017 financial results on January 31st HDMI 2.1 specification notes released, could bring impressive new features to your Mac Logging In... Comments are closed. 2 Replies 0 Comments 2 Tweets 0 Facebook 0 Pingbacks Last reply was 4 months ago @PowerPage View 4 months ago Rumor: Apple working on professionally-gear iPads, new iMacs, new notebooks and is collaborating on a 5K moni… https://t.co/uCGXr85zBW @broken_baja View 4 months ago Rumor: Apple working on professionally-geared iPads, new iMacs & notebooks, collaborating on 5K monitor w/LG: https://t.co/93z9EcQMwb Search Recent Posts HDMI 2.1 specification notes released, could bring impressive new features to your Mac Apple Pay to gain support, integration at more than 300,000 MORE loyalty card-based vending machines Apple to release Q1 2017 financial results on January 31st AT&T announces global 5G modem, cites “5G Evolution” plans Intel announces new Kaby Lake processors, upgraded Macs likely in 2017 January 2017 M T W T F S S « Dec       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   « Previous Post Next Post » Copyright © 1995- Jason D. O'Grady. All rights reserved. O'Grady's PowerPage is a No Beige Production. PowerPage.org | OGrady.com | Action Landscaping Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Gophers Colleges Golf Lynx Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Soccer Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev 5 dead, 8 hurt in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport; gunman was on flight through MSP Fleck takes on Gophers job: 'I am here to change the culture' Putin ordered intervention in U.S. election, intel agencies say Barnes & Noble to close Nicollet Mall store Thrill seekers fail to heed warnings at frozen Minnehaha Falls Roseville massage employee charged with allegedly assaulting customer Feds find $20M cash hidden in Massachusetts bed Farewell, flowers! Macy's annual rite of spring is no more Prince's estate shows he hoarded cash, eschewed stocks, had $25M in property Kim Kardashian West breaks silence on Paris heist: 'There's no way out' Ex-NBA player aims to build giant apartment complex in Brooklyn Center next South Metro 392215811 The fine print is causing wedding bell blues for some barn owners In Scott County, zoning regulations are prompting one popular venue to file suit.  By Natalie Daher Star Tribune September 8, 2016 — 11:16am GLEN STUBBE Jeanette Schnoor prepared the barn for a wedding at Sponsel’s Minnesota Harvest Apple Orchard. The popular wedding venue and orchard filed a federal lawsuit against Scott County, alleging that its regulations would effectively prevent the location from hosting weddings. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint As barn weddings draw crowds to rural and suburban areas, the fine print of regulations often varies from farm to farm. And in Scott County, the fine print has prompted a popular orchard to sue the county, alleging that its requirements would hurt its wedding business. A family trust on behalf of Sponsel's Minnesota Harvest Apple Orchard filed a lawsuit Aug. 5 in federal court, saying that it effectively would be prevented from hosting weddings — a major source of revenue — by county-mandated renovations that would cost at least $750,000, based on the trust's analysis. "If we have to absorb another three-quarters of a million, we just don't have the resources," said Susan Kelly, a spokeswoman for the Sponsel family trust. She added: "The county has a case with that one facility [the barn]. We are disagreeing that they should attack the whole entire facility — that is excessive." The plaintiffs are asking the court to strike down the requirements on grounds of equal protection, defamation and interference with a contractual relationship. They say that the county would require the orchard to build new turn lanes from Old Hwy. 169 and install a fire suppression system in the barn as well as lodge building. It also would need to rebuild drainage fields for the septic system. Scott County Administrator Gary Shelton said the orchard's properties in question do not meet state codes. County Attorney Ron Hocevar declined to comment. Glen Stubbe Susan Kelly, of the family trust, said it just doesn’t have the resources to meet requirements. In 2013, the orchard — which is zoned commercial — opened a red barn to host weddings and other events. The barn soon became more popular with brides than the orchard's lodge, a more traditional venue built in 1985. The orchard now hosts 80 weddings annually for parties from 50 to 350, as well as up to 3,000 visitors daily during harvest season picking fruit, the suit said. Earlier this summer, Scott County became one of the first governing bodies in the state to consider adding "wedding barns" to its zoning code. "Right now, I think the wedding barn thing might come back when somebody comes out and starts pushing to open one," Shelton said. "Until that happens, I think it will just lay there kind of dormant." The barn wedding boom The phenomenon of barn weddings, polished by trend pieces and Pinterest, has been propelled by the charm of saying "I do" with less frills in an increasingly wired world. More barn owners are recognizing the payoff of transforming a space designed for rearing animals into a stage for a social gathering. The investment needed to makeover a site for weddings has some property owners questioning the return. But dozens of rustic receptions are booked across Minnesota. Across the metro area permitting and zoning for barns repurposed for toasts and champagne have varied depending on location, history and property condition. In Cottage Grove, Paula Bushilla started hosting weddings at Hope Glen Farm in 2013. After her last career at a printing company dwindled and her farm went into foreclosure, she and her husband, Michael, searched for a Plan B. They obtained a conditional use permit from the city and began hosting weddings. "We've had a very lovely experience of having the support of all city officials and our neighbors, which I think is very rare," Bushilla said. The turnaround was a saving grace, she said, and also revitalized an old site. Hope Glen Farms can host weddings seven days a week, though weekday weddings are rare. If Cottage Grove "wanted historic properties to maintain themselves, they'd have to allow some sort of business ventures as well," Bushilla said. "It's very expensive to maintain historic property." In other cities, the number of permitted large-scale events is capped. The historic Bruentrup Heritage Farm in Maplewood can annually host a maximum of 40 events, including weddings. The land is considered public and the Maplewood Area Historical Society has a 99-year lease with the city, which manages the buildings and property, according to Nicole DeGuzman, the historical society's executive director. The site "has a positive relationship with neighbors," DeGuzman said. In more recent years, the site has become more accessible and hosts other events, like church services. At the county level, the next barn wedding proposal will likely reopen the discussion over regulations, Shelton said. There is one venue, Rubies and Rust in Belle Plaine, permitted as a home-based business and therefore excluded from new ordinances. But the rules would apply to future applicants. "The simple fact that you build a building doesn't mean you can do whatever you want in it," Shelton said. natalie.daher@startribune.com 612-673-1775 NatalieDaher7 View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Fleck takes on Gophers job: 'I am here to change the culture' Reusse: Fleck was in the wind for Kaler and Coyle several weeks ago 5 dead, 8 hurt in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport; gunman was on flight through MSP Thrill seekers fail to heed warnings at frozen Minnehaha Falls Prince's estate shows he hoarded cash, eschewed stocks, had $25M in property US veteran arrested in airport shooting; 5 dead, 8 wounded The real story behind the viral 'bored millennial couple' at the State Fair Heinrich confesses to abducting, killing Jacob Wetterling that day 'Failure to accept responsibility' leads to Robinson's firing by U I'm a TV newswoman, and no thanks on the lady uniform Hartman: Bradford deal nearly fell through for Vikings Metro briefs: Initial results of Lake Minnewashta treatment show zebra mussels killed off Preservation Commission says no to proposed 40-story Mpls. condo tower Proposed Stillwater performing arts theater moves closer to approval Barnyard weddings boom with yearning for 'how we used to live' Stillwater hands off wedding biz to private contractor to free up city's staff More From Local East Metro 2 minutes ago No charges against St. Paul officers in fatal May shooting A Washington County grand jury decided not to file charges against St. Paul officers involved in a fatal shooting last May.The grand jury returned a… East Metro 3 minutes ago Roseville massage employee charged with allegedly assaulting customer Elements Massage in Roseville fired man after customer complaint. Local 8 minutes ago 5 dead, 8 hurt in shooting at Fort Lauderdale airport; gunman was on flight through MSP An arriving passenger on a flight from the Twin Cities with a gun in his luggage opened fire in the baggage claim area at the Fort Lauderdale airport Friday. Variety 9 minutes ago Farewell, flowers! Macy's annual rite of spring is no more The free show wilted away with the sale of the downtown Mpls. store. East Metro 12 minutes ago Exposure, drugs factors in deaths of two men One body found in Friendly Marsh Park; second was in ditch. Related Coverage Scott County approves new rules for farm wineries, delays wedding barns Jun. 23, 2016 Scott County moving to add rules for wedding barns May. 12, 2016 Barnyard weddings boom with yearning for 'how we used to live' Sep. 6, 2015 Most Read Prince's estate shows he hoarded cash, eschewed stocks, had $25M in property • South Metro Goodhue Co. K-9 stabbed while chasing suspect who fled from car • South Metro Charges: Dakota County carjacker inspired by 'Grand Theft Auto' • South Metro Two grocery stores are coming to north Minneapolis in 2017 • South Metro Carver County to pay $3.6 million to expand Lake Waconia Regional Park • South Metro World 3,000-year-old Iraqi city devastated by militants, left for looters Friendly ghosts haunt Swedish royal palace, queen says Nation South storm: Fender benders, food runs, disrupted inaugural Judge rebukes suspects in beating of disabled man in Chicago Politics Dayton unveils $300M tax plan; GOP unveils health care bills No doubt Russia interfered in election, US intel chief says markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Special Feature Take a tour of the renovated Minnesota State Capitol Vikings Vikings futures for vets Kalil, Newman, Robison toughest to project Listen: Five burning offseason questions for the Vikings Celebrities Schwarzenegger fires back after Trump chides him for low 'Apprentice' ratings Chris Brown to box Soulja Boy over social media feud Wolves Wolves forward Muhammad out tonight at Washington Obama to visiting Wolves: 'Play better defense' Wild Wild leads the West but don't mention All-Star Game to Boudreau Struggling Parise gets pep talk from Wild coach Boudreau poll Poll: Was firing Tracy Claeys the right decision by the University o... 10,000 Takes His side hustle? This Minnesota professional earns extra money shoveling snow What New Year's Eve has taught me about love, loss and life Featured Gallery From jubilation to tragedy to quiet beauty, these photos told the st... From jubilation to tragedy to quiet beauty, Star Tribune photographers have captured moments ... Featured Video Year in multimedia: The best of 2016 05:08 Watch the highlights of the Star Tribune's top photos and video from 2016. Taste Muscles and manicotti: Twin Cities bodybuilder chef cooks up Performance Meals French onion soup serves up winter in a bowl – and you should make it yourself StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content SuperSite for Windows Search: Stay Connected Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS IT/Dev Connections About Newsletter Register Log In Username or e-mail: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Windows Windows 10 Windows RT Windows 8 Windows 7 Windows Vista Windows XP Mobile Windows Phone Mobile Devices Cloud OneDrive Outlook.com Skype Windows Server Office Music & Videos Games Xbox 360 Xbox One Podcasts Advertisement Home > Apple > What to Expect From Apple's 'See You on the 7th' Event What to Expect From Apple's 'See You on the 7th' Event Sep 2, 2016 Mark Gurman | Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Getty Images Advertisement (Bloomberg) -- It’s September, and that means it’s time for the next iPhone. Earlier this week, Apple sent out invitations to a Sept. 7 event, drumming up excitement with the tagline "See you on the 7th." Some industry watchers think that's a play on words for the expected name of the new iPhone, the "iPhone 7." Apple has reported two straight quarters of year-over-year revenue declines and there are questions about demand for a device that remains the company’s main source of profit. Apple hopes faster iPhones with significant camera improvements will prop up sales ahead of an expected larger overhaul in 2017 for the device’s 10th anniversary. It's set to release a faster Apple Watch with GPS to try to re-ignite interest in that nascent category. Here's a breakdown of what to expect at Apple’s event from each product line: NEW IPHONE A tweaked design that looks similar to the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s, but removes the two inner-most antenna lines on the back of the device for a cleaner look. The same 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screen sizes as the previous two iPhone lines. A pressure-sensitive Home button that provides a vibrating sensation in response to button presses instead of an actual physical click, similar to the latest MacBook trackpads. The removal of the headphone jack in favor of a secondary grille for either an additional speaker or microphone. An improved single-lens rear camera system on the new 4.7-inch model. A new dual-lens camera system on the 5.5-inch model, allowing for deeper zooming with less reduction in clarity and better low-light photography. A faster processor, a successor to the A9 chip in the iPhone 6s. Support for FeliCa-based payments in Japan, in the works for either this year’s model or next year’s overhaul. NEW WATCH A GPS chip for more-accurate fitness tracking. A faster processor for launching applications and navigating the operating system. Battery-life improvements to support the power-intensive addition of GPS. SOFTWARE UPDATES iOS 10 will be available on the iPhone 5 from 2012 and later. The updated software includes an improved iMessage application with support for new animations, stickers, and third-party plug-ins, voicemail transcription, notifications that show more detail, and an application for controlling smart home appliances. watchOS 3, the new version of the Apple Watch’s software, speeds up app launch times, includes a new SOS feature to call emergency services, a new app to monitor breathing, and the ability to use Apple Pay within apps. tvOS 10, the new version of the Apple TV software, is supported by the fourth-generation model (which comes with Siri) and adds the ability to universally sign in to many content apps, a dark mode for navigating through the system at night, and a redesigned view for Apple Music. macOS Sierra, the latest version of the Mac operating system, adds support for Apple Pay transactions on the web, Siri voice control, new photo-management and messaging features, and the ability for Apple Watch wearers to automatically login to their Macs. COMING LATER One hardware category that may not be discussed in detail on Sept. 7 is the Mac line. However, Apple will begin shipping some of its future Macs as soon as October, according to people familiar with the matter. Here are the details: An overhauled MacBook Pro with a "Dynamic Function Row" display that allows function keys to change based on the task at hand, a faster processor, new graphics card options from Advanced Micro Devices Inc., a larger trackpad, flatter keyboard, and USB-C port technology. Updated MacBook Air models with multi-functional USB-C port technology. A faster iMac with new graphics card options from AMD. A 5K standalone monitor developed in conjunction with LG Electronics Inc. Bloomberg News will be live at the event and will provide commentary and analysis of the proceedings. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Apple announces new Watch and MacBook at Spring Forward event 4 The Apple MacBook Pro Event: Skinnier Machines Debut in a World Where PCs Matter Less It's Like You Were There: Our Live Coverage of the Apple MacBook Event Apple's big week: Watches and MacBooks (and Outlook) 9 Fastest notebook of 2007: Apple MacBook Pro 76 Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WinSuperSite.com Windows Mobile Cloud Windows Server Office Music & Videos Games Podcasts Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Follow US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Search WinSuperSite.com Search: SuperSite for Windows Related Penton Sites Dev Pro SharePoint Pro SQL Server Pro Windows IT Pro IT/Dev Connections myITforum Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Saturday, January 07, 2017 9:48 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 29°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets What to expect from Apple’s ‘See You on the 7th’ event (VIDEO) Saturday September 3, 2016 09:19 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Fans want to make Leia an official Disney Princess The Edit: Galette des Rois New Year treat The Edit: A new year hit for Topman The Edit: Club Tropicana homage for Michael Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The Apple logo is pictured behind the clock at Grand Central Terminal in the Manhattan borough of New York. ― Reuters picSAN FRANCISCO, Sept 3 ― It’s September, and that means it’s time for the next iPhone. Earlier this week, Apple sent out invitations to a September 7 event, drumming up excitement with the tagline “See you on the 7th.” Some industry watchers think that's a play on words for the expected name of the new iPhone, the “iPhone 7.” Apple has reported two straight quarters of year-over-year revenue declines and there are questions about demand for a device that remains the company’s main source of profit. Apple hopes faster iPhones with significant camera improvements will prop up sales ahead of an expected larger overhaul in 2017 for the device’s 10th anniversary. It's set to release a faster Apple Watch with GPS to try to re-ignite interest in that nascent category. Here's a breakdown of what to expect at Apple’s event from each product line: New iPhone A tweaked design that looks similar to the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s, but removes the two inner-most antenna lines on the back of the device for a cleaner look. The same 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screen sizes as the previous two iPhone lines. A pressure-sensitive Home button that provides a vibrating sensation in response to button presses instead of an actual physical click, similar to the latest MacBook trackpads. The removal of the headphone jack in favor of a secondary grille for either an additional speaker or microphone. An improved single-lens rear camera system on the new 4.7-inch model. A new dual-lens camera system on the 5.5-inch model, allowing for deeper zooming with less reduction in clarity and better low-light photography. A faster processor, a successor to the A9 chip in the iPhone 6s. Support for FeliCa-based payments in Japan, in the works for either this year’s model or next year’s overhaul. New watch A GPS chip for more-accurate fitness tracking. A faster processor for launching applications and navigating the operating system. Battery-life improvements to support the power-intensive addition of GPS. Software updates iOS 10 will be available on the iPhone 5 from 2012 and later. The updated software includes an improved iMessage application with support for new animations, stickers, and third-party plug-ins, voicemail transcription, notifications that show more detail, and an application for controlling smart home appliances. watchOS 3, the new version of the Apple Watch’s software, speeds up app launch times, includes a new SOS feature to call emergency services, a new app to monitor breathing, and the ability to use Apple Pay within apps. tvOS 10, the new version of the Apple TV software, is supported by the fourth-generation model (which comes with Siri) and adds the ability to universally sign in to many content apps, a dark mode for navigating through the system at night, and a redesigned view for Apple Music. macOS Sierra, the latest version of the Mac operating system, adds support for Apple Pay transactions on the web, Siri voice control, new photo-management and messaging features, and the ability for Apple Watch wearers to automatically login to their Macs. Coming later One hardware category that may not be discussed in detail on September 7 is the Mac line. However, Apple will begin shipping some of its future Macs as soon as October, according to people familiar with the matter. Here are the details: An overhauled MacBook Pro with a “Dynamic Function Row” display that allows function keys to change based on the task at hand, a faster processor, new graphics card options from Advanced Micro Devices Inc., a larger trackpad, flatter keyboard, and USB-C port technology. Updated MacBook Air models with multi-functional USB-C port technology. A faster iMac with new graphics card options from AMD. A 5K standalone monitor developed in conjunction with LG Electronics Inc. ― Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Amazon Alexa virtual assistant shines at CES 2017 Companion robots vie to be the latest addition to homes CES 2017: New apps, programmes to aid your workouts Game Boy Mach 2: Say hello to the Super Retro Boy! PogoCam debuts as 'world's smallest attachable eyewear camera' Samsung Galaxy Note 7: The high-tech fiasco draws to a close Games of 2017: 10 names to remember for January and February China plans probes to the moon and Mars (VIDEO) Tech show looks beyond 'smart,' to new 'realities' The rise of a robotic dawn in Singapore’s service industry Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Multiple people dead in Florida airport shooting Jason Momoa stars in ‘Frontier’ Reuters Video: Trump orders Obama's envoys out by inauguration day Reuters Video: Nunes stuns challenger Rousey with first-round title win Reuters Video: Man survives Turkey nightclub attack by pretending to be dead HD video of earth from space will make your heart ache Related Articles Apple’s App Store shatters records on New Year’s day Apple: App Store generated US$20b for developers in 2016 What the ‘Frightful Five’ have to fear: Lawmakers, not start-ups Nokia sues Apple for infringing patents, industry back on war footing Ireland accuses EU of exceeding power in Apple tax case Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Apple All Set to Unveil its 7th variant of iPhone on September 7 Gadgets Home News Business Technology Enterprise Gadgets Startups Finance US-Indian Career Magazines Newsletters Blogs Network Members My Story Gyan Advice Life Real Estate Travel Finance Gadgets Jokes Movie Reviews Auto Spotlight Enterprise Enterprise Software IT Services Mobile Enterprise Security Cloud Computing Big Data Networking Semiconductor Social Non Profits Youth under 20 More Gadgets >> More >> Home | News | Mobiles & Accessories Hi! Could you share your feedback about our News section to help us improve? Q1) What kind of news do you like reading the most? Select Business News Technology News General News (Politics, Lifestyle) Career News Others: Please specify   Q2) What can we do to improve your reading experience? Q3) What other news and features would you like us to cover? Q4) Which other Indian content sites do you use? CIOL Hindustan Times IndiaTimes Rediff Samachar Sify Business Standard India Today OutlookIndia NDTV OneIndia FirstPost   Most Popular ( 1-4 of 8 ) Xiaomi Launches Mi TV 4 On CES ASUS Unveils World's First Smartphone Dell Unveils Mobile Workstation GH5 Camera Can Capture 6K Photos iPhone Ranked Most Reputed Mobile Splash-Proof Audio System Is Here Qualcomm Unveils Snapdragon 835 Acer Launches New Chromebook     Processing .....please wait..     The article has been forwarded....      Some error occured      !! Forward this news to your friends & colleague Subject: Receiver's email: For more than one recipient, type addresses separated by commas Your name: Your email: Message: I found an article you might be interested in. Type the characters you see in the picture Forward  Cancel Gadget >> News Apple All Set to Unveil its 7th variant of iPhone on September 7 By SiliconIndia   |   Wednesday, 31 August 2016, 05:21 Hrs Tweet 18 18 25 5 Print Email BENGALURU: Apple has finally announced the launch of the latest version of its iPhone series; the iPhone 7. The tech giant has scheduled an event on September 7, featuring the official launch of the 7th generation of the iPhone series. Press invites for the mega event are already being sent by the company. The invite reads, "See you on the 7th. Please join us for an invitation-only event at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco on Wednesday, September 7, at 10:00 a.m." Rumors also suggest that a new Apple watch is likely to be unveiled at the event. Bill Graham Civic Auditorium, venue of the grand launch has a seating capacity that can occupy about 7,000 people. It also happens to be the same arena where Apple staged its World Wide Developers Conference earlier this year. In that conference, the company had unveiled the latest versions of its operating systems such as the Mac OS Sierra, Watch OS 2 and iOS 10. A recent online report suggests that the company plans to introduce the iPhone7 equipped with a lightning connector for audio output; ditching the primarily used 3.5mm audio jack. With the innovative concept, the company focuses on making its later iPhones variants slimmer. The report is confirmed with some images posted online which displays Apple's EarPods featuring lightning connector. The images were posted on Weibo, a Chinese social media website. However, this will not make Apple the first company to drop the 3.5mm headphone jack. LeEco, a Chinese manufacturer also launched three smartphones without the 3.5mm jack this year. Furthermore, the tech giant states that its upcoming variants are the world’s first smartphones to introduce a USB Type-C audio port equipped with the CDLA (Continual Digital Lossless Audio) tech. Read Also: HTC to Release iphone-Inspired Smartphones Soon Smartphones You Never Knew Even Existed Don't Miss ( 1-5 of 10 ) Xiaomi Launches Mi TV 4 On CES Debut New Panasonic GH5 Camera Can Capture 6K Re... Dell Unveils Mobile Workstation, Next-Gen ... ASUS Unveils World's First Smartphone With... iPhone Ranked India's Most Reputed Mobile ... Acer Launches New Chromebook For Education... ASUS Unveils New Products At Las Vegas CES... Qualcomm Unveils Snapdragon 835 Mobile Pla... Sony's New Dust, Splash-Proof Audio System... HP Unveils New PCs At CES 2017 Post your Comment All form fields are required. Your Comment Incorrect please try again Enter the above words: Enter the numbers you hear: Get another CAPTCHA Name Email     Write your comment now Terms of Use   Most Viewed Gadgets Jan 2016's Best Sm.. Top 8 Budget Smart.. 7 Unique & New Giz.. Top 10 Rumored Sma.. 5 Best Smartphones.. Best Mid-range Sma.. Get the weekly updates from Gadget world Email: - Latest Gadget Digest Follow SI : Follow @SINewsUpdates SiliconIndia:  About Us   |   Contact Us   |   Help   |   Community rules   |   Advertise with us   |   Sitemap   |   News:       Technology   |   Enterprise   |   Gadgets   |   Startups   |   Finance   |   Business   |   Career   |   Magazine  |   Newsletter   |   News archive   Cities:        CEO   |     Startup   |   Mobile   |   CIO   |   Women   |   BI   |   HR   |   SME   |   Cloud   |   Marketing   |   QA   |   Java   |   Web Developer   Community:      Members   |   Blogs   |   Indian Entrepreneurs   |   Gyan   |   Advice   |   Community   |   Find   |   CXO Insights   Online Courses:   Web Developer   |   Java Developer   |   CCNA Training   |   SEO   |   SAS   |   SQL Server 2005   |   J2EE Education:   MBA   |   MCA   |   Engineering   |   Training Institute Life:          Real Estate   |   Travel   |   Finance   |   Gadgets   |   Movie Reviews   |    Jokes   Send your feedback and help us continue to improve SiliconIndia © 2017 InfoConnect Web Technologies India Pvt Ltd. all rights reserved
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral - Real Life - Fun Times - Science World - Animal Life - Celeb Life - Tech Times TechNow - Movies - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Login go Latest Ireland World Sport Business Showbiz Lotto Ireland Today Business Farming World Deaths Weather National Weather Connacht Leinster Munster Ulster World More Web Archive Horoscopes Special Reports HOT TOPICS: Terror attacks Rent crisis 8th Amendment Hospital overcrowding Mental Health Apple tax Home»Today's Stories Shane Ross defends Independent Alliance's stance on Apple tax ruling appeal Saturday, September 03, 2016   Follow @ocionnaith By Fiachra Ó Cionnaith Irish Examiner Political Correspondent The Independent Alliance has defended its decision to back Fine Gael’s Apple ruling appeal by stressing it will now be able to carry out a widescale review of all multinationals’ tax status in return for the support. Shane Ross Transport Minister Shane Ross described the agreement as “remarkable” as he and other Independent Alliance members denied claims they have sold out their public supporters on the issue. Speaking moments after the Cabinet meeting concluded, Mr Ross — who was flanked by Disabilities Minister Finian McGrath, and junior ministers John Halligan and Kevin “Boxer” Moran — said his group can in future guarantee multinationals “pay a fair rate of tax from now on” because of the deal. Despite admitting it has been a “difficult few days”, he insisted there was no disagreement within the Independent Alliance and that the group made the right decision in ultimately backing the Apple ruling appeal. “We got an extremely good arrangement there which will reassure us and multinationals that give so may jobs, but will also ensure that in future they pay a fair rate of tax. We haven’t put a time-frame on it at the moment, but I’ll be pushing for it to be done as soon as possible. I think it would be reasonable for it to be done in six months,” he said. The decision to allow a review of the tax bills of other multinational firms of a similar size to Apple — the terms of reference of which will be agreed in the coming days — was key to guaranteeing the Independent Alliance’s support for the Government’s appeal, in addition to sending the decision for ratification by a Dáil vote on Wednesday. Despite accepting he still “personally” believes “multinationals probably don’t pay a reasonable amount of tax”, junior minister John Halligan said the review will help to resolve the matter. Asked how he could justify his claimed U-turn on the issue, the Independent Alliance TD said he would “support the Government motion if it means the Government will stay in power”, adding: “I won’t bring down the Government, on this issue.” Independent and Children’s Minister Katherine Zappone similarly defended her decision to back the appeal, saying she had won measures including a commitment to increasing transparency in the tax system. READ MORE Visit the section home page here KEYWORDS Apple, tax, coalition, government, appeal © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox Related Articles Apple chief Tim Cook accused of ‘snubbing’ Dáil Senior Govt minister disagrees with Dept statement on Apple tax ruling European Commission publishes details of Apple tax ruling Ireland accuses Brussels of exceeding its powers in Apple tax dispute More in this Section Mixed views on resettlement of Syrians in Roscommon town Cork house 2.4m wide with ‘huge potential’ yours for €60k Judges blown away by quality of readers’ pictures John Halligan ‘must examine conscience’ in lab row Breaking Stories Man due in court in connection with sexual assault in Dublin Tree Throwing Championship to take place this Sunday Snow forecast for next week Independent panel would investigate RHI scandal under Sinn Féin plan Lifestyle Meet some of Ireland's homegrown heroes Ask Audrey has been sorting out Cork people for years New talent show offers a long career rather than five minutes of fame Indoor spin class will make you feel like you're cycling around the great outdoors More From The Irish Examiner Watch: The heartwarming moment mum who collapsed in Sainsbury's meets the people who saved her life Donald Trump taunts Schwarzenegger for low ratings in Apprentice spin-off Calls for Sir Tom Jones to be sacked from The Voice after comments about ex-winner's weight Tilikum, the orca from Blackfish, has died and the tributes on Twitter are heartbreaking London has already breached annual legal air pollution limits just five days into 2017 Check out these selfie drones unveiled at CES in Las Vegas Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter New free PS Plus games include an adventure classic Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds star in Bright Lights documentary Smart cat feeder arrives- they no longer need us Lotto Results Wednesday, January 04, 2017 6 10 19 21 43 44 3 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner Most Read Top Stories Snow forecast for next week ‘Won’t be long’ before calls to leave EU says John Halligan Donations follow a good deed for Cork family What's the deal with Women's Little Christmas? Encore career: Women changing jobs mid-stream Hospital CEO: Managers are not to blame for trolley crisis European dead rubbers make my blood boil The Shape I'm In: Caitriona Perry 2010 All-Ireland winner Paddy Kelly retires from career with Cork Rebels A huge iceberg is poised to break off in Antarctica NEWS All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month WORLD The world’s first supercar, now made to order BUSINESS The business of style: 'A dress can change things for a girl' UK data falters amid single-market warning SPORT Three main talking points for Irish football in 2017 Valseur Lido stays three miles - he just needs testing ground LIFESTYLE Weekend food with Darina Allen: Student pop-up dinners sorted 2017's hot 100 in movies, music, food & fashion     Group » Irish Examiner Evening Echo BreakingNews.ie RecruitIreland.com Roscommon Herald Western People Carlow Nationalist Kildare Nationalist Laois Nationalist Gorey Echo New Ross Echo Enniscorthy Echo Wexford Echo Waterford News WLR FM Beat 102-103 News Breaking News Today´s Paper World Farming Technology Weather Death Notices Archives Text Only Titanic 100 Election 2016 Referendums 2015 Budget 2016 Sport Soccer Podcast Columnists GAA Rugby Golf Racing Other Sport Results Business Breaking Business News Business Analysis Getting Ahead The Small Business Show Small Business Viewpoints Our view (editorial) Your view (letters) Send letter to editor's page Columnists Books Property News House of the Week Cover Story Commercial Starter Homes Trading Up Features Property Search Lifestyle Showbiz Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Health & Life Home & Gardens Travel Arts, Books, Film & TV Features Help FAQ Contact Us Media Pack Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Mobile Subscriptions Terms and Conditions NNI ePaper Postal Delivery Competitions RSS Text only © Irish Examiner Ltd, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral - Real Life - Fun Times - Science World - Animal Life - Celeb Life - Tech Times TechNow - Movies - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Login go Latest Ireland World Sport Business Showbiz Lotto Ireland Today Business Farming World Deaths Weather National Weather Connacht Leinster Munster Ulster World More Web Archive Horoscopes Special Reports HOT TOPICS: Terror attacks Rent crisis 8th Amendment Hospital overcrowding Mental Health Apple tax Home»Today's Stories Enda Kenny: Europe trying to bully Ireland with Apple tax ruling Sunday, September 04, 2016   Follow @ocionnaith By Fiachra Ó Cionnaith Irish Examiner Political Correspondent Taoiseach Enda Kenny and Finance Minister Michael Noonan have launched a blistering attack on Europe over its €13bn Apple tax ruling, accusing Brussels of using the scandal to create a “bridgehead” to target Ireland’s 12.5% corporation tax. They claimed the European Commission was “bullying” Ireland in the same way it did during the bailout, as the Cabinet’s “unanimous” decision to appeal was undermined after two ministers said they still believe multinationals are not paying enough to the State. After 72 hours of crisis talks and two Cabinet meetings, Government agreed to appeal Tuesday’s European ruling that technology giant Apple owes this country €13bn in taxes. In addition to the decision and on the insistence of the Independent Alliance and unaligned minister Katherine Zappone, Cabinet also agreed to seek Dáil approval on the matter; set up a review of other multinationals’ tax bills; and to discuss plans to make our tax system more transparent. The deal is almost certain to be signed off after the Dáil is recalled to vote on Wednesday. However, after the agreement was announced, Mr Kenny and Mr Noonan launched a dramatic attack on Europe, saying Brussels is attempting to use the controversy as a “bridgehead” to force Ireland to increase its 12.5% corporation tax. “I do, I think they are establishing a bridgehead,” Mr Noonan said when asked at Government Buildings if the European Commission was using the Apple tax controversy as a “proxy attack” on the 12.5% rate. Michael Noonan “There is a lot of envy across Europe,” said Mr Noonan. “You will recall the Taoiseach’s first meeting in Europe in 2011, there was an attempt to bully him by [French] president [Nicholas] Sarkozy to drive the corporation tax rate up to 15% as a quid pro quo for the bailout.” Referencing European competition commissioner Margrethe Vestager, who has been to the forefront of Europe’s Apple probe, he said: “There will be no change in Ireland’s 12.5% rate. It is in our competence to fix the rates and no bridgehead by any commissioner is going to change that.” His decision to increase tension between Ireland and the European Commission was backed up by Mr Kenny, who repeated the claim that Ireland is being bullied. Speaking on RTÉ’s Six One, he said he would make “no apology whatsoever” for challenging the ruling, as the move is “about us as a sovereign nation”. “This [the Apple tax situation] is about the right of a small nation,” he said. Enda Kenny “I’m not sure whether the European Commission want to ingratiate themselves with more powerful countries than ours, but this is a small country.” The comments were made after a second Cabinet meeting in 72 hours over the crisis ended after 35 minutes with “unanimous” agreement the ruling must be appealed. However, Independent Alliance TD John Halligan said he “personally” still believed “multinationals probably don’t pay a reasonable amount of tax”. Describing the situation between Apple and Revenue as “unethical”, Children’s Minister Ms Zappone similarly said the European Commission was acting “in the public interest”, adding that “countries who feel robbed or cheated can use this appeal to make their case”. Independent Alliance TD and Disabilities Minister Finian McGrath defended the Cabinet deal, saying: “When you’re in power you have to make compromises.” Opposition parties accused the Government of contradicting its own position. Resignation row A long-standing Fine Gael TD has reignited the debate over when Taoiseach Enda Kenny should leave office by insisting the issue needs to be discussed as early as next week. Fergus O’Dowd told RTÉ Raidió na Gaeltachta “everything should be discussed” when Fine Gael holds its next parliamentary party meeting, which could take place next week. Asked about the short-lived summer debate over Mr Kenny’s departure date, the Louth TD said: “That’s Enda’s decision.” However, he added he will “absolutely” raise the matter at the next party meeting. READ MORE Visit the section home page here KEYWORDS Apple, tax © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox Related Articles Apple expansion set to create 1,000 jobs in Cork More in this Section Donations follow a good deed for Cork family Shooting of Killarney red deer to be restricted 'He should be a priority being a cancer patient, but he’s just a number, simple as' 25 Goal jobs to go after ‘tough’ year Breaking Stories Man due in court in connection with sexual assault in Dublin Tree Throwing Championship to take place this Sunday Snow forecast for next week Independent panel would investigate RHI scandal under Sinn Féin plan Lifestyle Meet some of Ireland's homegrown heroes Ask Audrey has been sorting out Cork people for years New talent show offers a long career rather than five minutes of fame Indoor spin class will make you feel like you're cycling around the great outdoors More From The Irish Examiner Watch: The heartwarming moment mum who collapsed in Sainsbury's meets the people who saved her life Donald Trump taunts Schwarzenegger for low ratings in Apprentice spin-off Calls for Sir Tom Jones to be sacked from The Voice after comments about ex-winner's weight Tilikum, the orca from Blackfish, has died and the tributes on Twitter are heartbreaking London has already breached annual legal air pollution limits just five days into 2017 Check out these selfie drones unveiled at CES in Las Vegas Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter New free PS Plus games include an adventure classic Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds star in Bright Lights documentary Smart cat feeder arrives- they no longer need us Lotto Results Wednesday, January 04, 2017 6 10 19 21 43 44 3 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner Most Read Top Stories Snow forecast for next week ‘Won’t be long’ before calls to leave EU says John Halligan Donations follow a good deed for Cork family What's the deal with Women's Little Christmas? Encore career: Women changing jobs mid-stream Hospital CEO: Managers are not to blame for trolley crisis European dead rubbers make my blood boil The Shape I'm In: Caitriona Perry 2010 All-Ireland winner Paddy Kelly retires from career with Cork Rebels A huge iceberg is poised to break off in Antarctica NEWS All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month BUSINESS Consumers and startups point to 2017 growth Sales at ‘Apprentice Botox Queen’ firm top €1m SPORT European dead rubbers make my blood boil I’ll pick my best side, says Kieran McGeeney LIFESTYLE Why Vicky Kavanagh is saying no to alcohol and how you can too Encore career: Women changing jobs mid-stream     Group » Irish Examiner Evening Echo BreakingNews.ie RecruitIreland.com Roscommon Herald Western People Carlow Nationalist Kildare Nationalist Laois Nationalist Gorey Echo New Ross Echo Enniscorthy Echo Wexford Echo Waterford News WLR FM Beat 102-103 News Breaking News Today´s Paper World Farming Technology Weather Death Notices Archives Text Only Titanic 100 Election 2016 Referendums 2015 Budget 2016 Sport Soccer Podcast Columnists GAA Rugby Golf Racing Other Sport Results Business Breaking Business News Business Analysis Getting Ahead The Small Business Show Small Business Viewpoints Our view (editorial) Your view (letters) Send letter to editor's page Columnists Books Property News House of the Week Cover Story Commercial Starter Homes Trading Up Features Property Search Lifestyle Showbiz Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Health & Life Home & Gardens Travel Arts, Books, Film & TV Features Help FAQ Contact Us Media Pack Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Mobile Subscriptions Terms and Conditions NNI ePaper Postal Delivery Competitions RSS Text only © Irish Examiner Ltd, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español New iPhone? New Watch? Everything we expect from Apple's keynote (Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Podcast, Ep. 53) We run down what you can expect to see at Apple's upcoming event. Tech Culture by Brian Tong September 2, 2016 4:27 PM PDT @briantong by Stephen Beacham September 2, 2016 4:27 PM PDT @stephenbeacham Up Next Putin ordered campaign to influence US election, say intel agencies Subscribe to the Apple Byte Podcast iTunes MP3 | RSS MP3 | FeedBurner MP3 SoundCloud | Google Play | TuneIn iTunes video | RSS video | FeedBurner video YouTube | Livestream| Stitcher Extra Crunchy Podcast, Ep. 53 Your browser does not support the audio element. EXTRA CRUNCHY SHOW NOTES: See you on the 7th. Apple's Invite Samsung recalls Galaxy Note 7 over battery flaw Spec Sheet Shows iPhone 7 Plus With 256GB Storage and Lightning EarPods Apple Headphones News: Apple Granted Product Certifications for 'AirPods', New iPhones and Apple Watch Models Bragi teases 'big' announcement happening next week in Cupertino, possible Apple deal? New Beats Products to Debut Alongside iPhone 7 on September 7 iPhone Colors: iPhone 7 May Have Fifth 'Gloss Black' Color Resembling 2013 Mac Pro Apple Is Working on iPad Upgrades and Refreshed Mac Lineup New iPad Pro With Faster Display and Wider Support for Apple Pencil to Launch Next Year Touch Disease News: iPhone 6 Touchscreen Defect Apple Faces Class Action Lawsuit Over Unresponsive iPhone 6 Touchscreens Apple's Tax Bill: Apple rips into 'unprecedented' $14.5B tax bill from EU Apple Expects Appeal of Irish Tax Ruling to Take 'Several Years' With No Impact on Near-Term Financial Results Apple's On Twitter!!: https://twitter.com/apple SOCIAL NETWORKING: Tweet at Brian Tong on Twitter Tweet to Stephen Beacham on Twitter With contribution from Stephen Beacham. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Apple Byte Extra Crunchy Apple Byte Tech Culture Gadgets Related Stories Nick Offerman: Ron Swanson would hate CES (Q&A) Watch how 'Rogue One' brought back young Princess Leia, Tarkin Smile! Man tries to rob store that sells surveillance cameras Trump tweet-scoffs at Schwarzenegger's 'Apprentice' ratings Close   Discuss: New iPhone? New Watch? Everything we expect... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Putin ordered campaign to influence US election, say intel agencies A quick ride in Faraday Future's blisteringly quick FF 91 This prototype of the FF 91 may lack an interior, but it still goes like hell -- and parks itself, too. by Tim Stevens 2:25 Nvidia's new Shield TV and Dell's Canvas debut The latest from CES 2017 includes Nvidia's new Shield TV and Spot combination, a new Amazon store coming to New York City and Dell's artist-focused Canvas PC features a drafting board and display combo. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center

Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Sat, Jan 7, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Apple tax appeal: The three arguments Government to use ‘How could FDI come to EU if they thought deal could be overturned a generation later?’ Sat, Sep 3, 2016, 01:00 Harry McGee The Government’s appeal against the European Commission’s ruling on Apple’s tax arrangements in Ireland will rely on three major arguments. Illustration: Dado Ruvic/Reuters         The Government’s appeal against the European Commission’s ruling on Apple’s tax arrangements in Ireland will rely on three major arguments. Senior figures in Government, including Taoiseach Enda Kenny and Minister for Finance Michael Noonan, yesterday disclosed the core issues for the appeal, which is being prepared by Attorney General Maire Whelan. The first is that the Revenue Commissioners acted in accordance with the law and treated all taxpayers equally, doing no deals or favours. The Revenue Commissioners issued two opinions to Apple in Ireland, one in 1991 and the second in 2007. It was on that basis that Apple operated its tax structures. A briefing paper will argue that the Revenue simply stated the operation of the applicable tax laws that were in place at the time. A briefing paper prepared in advance of the decision set out this argument. Inside China’s ‘iPhone City’, the land of sweeteners and perks John McManus: Apple’s adventures in tax wonderland Apple ruling: EU accuses Ireland of inconsistencies on tax rules “While it is not possible to comment on the specific facts of the case which remain subject to taxpayer confidentiality, it is emphatically the case taht there was no departure from the applicable Irish tax law by Revenue… and that full tax due was paid in accordance with the law.” Mr Noonan elaborated on this point yesterday: “The Revenue Commissioners acted in accordance with law. A minister for finance would not be worth his salt if he did not stand behind his Revenue Commissioners who acted legally. Intrusion into sovereignty The second major argument is that the EU Commission’s decision, ostensibly in the area of competition law, amounted to an intrusion into Ireland’s sovereignty, specifically its right to conduct its own tax affairs. The Taoiseach put huge emphasis on this yesterday: “I regard this matter as questioning Ireland’s right as a sovereign nation to set out policies that are appropriate for Ireland. We stand over our 12.5 per cent corporate rate tax 100 per cent.” ADVERTISEMENT Minister for Public Expenditure Paschal Donohoe and Mr Noonan also laboured this point. The latter said: “Under the Treaties tax affairs are a competence for Sovereign governments. We are going to appeal on the basis that this is an intrusion beyond the competence of the Commission to intervene in these matters. The final ground is a more technical one, but one on which Mr Noonan placed major emphasis yesterday. He referred to the OECD guidelines on “arms length standards”. This refers to the practice of subsidiaries selling services or goods to other subsidiaries within an overall corporation. The arm’s length standard ensures the price point is pitched at a level that is realistic and close to market value. This has helped cut off elaborate schemes and loopholes used by companies for the purposes of tax avoidance. Mr Noonan said that the guidelines only came into effect in 2010, yet the Commission wanted to apply it to periods up to two decades before when the rule did not exist. In other words, he said, the Commission was trying to apply a guideline retrospectively in order to collect taxes. He contended this was wrong. “Do you think it would be fair that if you did something in 2003 that was not a crime and it was made a crime in 2012, do you think it should be fair you should be arrested for it now and penalised?” he asked. “How could any foreign direct investor come into Europe if they thought the valid arrangements they made under law could be overturned a generation later and they would be liable to pay back money? That is the essential key issue.”       Topics: Apple tax Enda Kenny Taoiseach Maire Whelan Michael Noonan Paschal Donohoe Eu European Commission Oecd Apple Europe Ireland Read More Apple dismisses tax bill, says Ireland ‘doesn’t do any engineering for us’ Cliff Taylor: Battle lines drawn in State’s EU Apple appeal Court ruling on Spanish tax may give clues to Apple appeal Meet ‘the Maxforce’ – the EU team that fined Ireland €13bn over Apple Apple CEO invited to attend tax ruling hearing in Dublin EU Court asks Government to tweak its Apple tax appeal European Commission refuses to comment on Noonan claims Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Economy Nearly everybody paid their property tax last year Technology CES 2017: Anglers get a helping hand from PowerRay Pro12 Johnny Sexton cruises on return as Leinster hammer sorry Zebre Economy Draghi’s German problem has come back to haunt him Sponsored Making a difficult fertility journey a lot less lonely Redbreast Lustau: an old friend with a new whiskey perspective Infertility and the workplace: one woman's experience Do you know how much you’ll save by switching health plan? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Latest Business ‘Slane’ registered as trademark by US multinational 01:00 European stocks rally following US jobs report 20:39 Apple faces massive interest bill as Irish transfer nears 19:59 Glen Dimplex’s Fergal Naughton buys into Park Hotel 18:27 Hundreds of thousands of bank customers go online on Christmas Day 18:16 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 ‘Slane’ registered as trademark by US multinational 2 Jamie Oliver to close six restaurants after Brexit vote 3 Apple faces massive interest bill as Irish transfer nears 4 Nearly everybody paid their property tax last year 5 Glen Dimplex’s Fergal Naughton buys into Park Hotel 6 Administrators appointed to Derry firm Schivo 7 Chinese economy enters unknown territory 8 Sale of Blanchardstown centre was State’s biggest property deal 9 CES 2017: the weird and wonderful make a reappearance 10 Book review: The Stupidity Paradox, by Mats Alvesson and Andree Spicer Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Sat 7/1/2017 News Year in Review State Papers Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple Issues OS X Security Patch For Zero Day Vulnerability By Tyler Lee on 09/02/2016 17:12 PST If you guys can recall, there was a zero day vulnerability discovered within iOS that prompted Apple to issue an emergency security update that patched iOS to iOS 9.3.5, something that you definitely should download if you haven’t done so already. It also seems that the vulnerability affected OS X computers. This is why today Apple has released updates for Safari 9 and OS X El Capitan and Yosemite that should address these issues. In case you’re unfamiliar, the zero day bugs called “Trident” were used to create a spyware called Pegasus. On affected iOS devices, it could be used to access personal data, and the same for Mac computers. We’re not sure why it took Apple longer to release the OS X version compared to the iOS version, but we guess better late than never. Also oddly enough the patch is targeting El Capitan and Yosemite versions of the operating system, which has us wondering does that mean older builds of OS X are safe? Or will Apple release patches for them later? In any case if you own an iOS or OS X devices, you’ll want to get your hands on the patches ASAP, lest someone figures out that you’re not protected. Filed in Apple >Computers. Read more about OS X and Security. Related Articles 2017-01-06 Incipio Launches Kiddy Lock Case, Covers Your iPhone’s Home Button 2017-01-03 Synaptics Unveils All-In-One Facial & Fingerprint Recognition System 2017-01-02 Google Fixes Pixel Camera Security Flaw 2017-01-02 Blink Announces New Security Services For CES 2017 2016-12-29 Lie-Detecting Kiosks Could Be Deployed At Airports In The Future 2016-05-20 OS X 10.12 Could Allow Unlocking Via iPhone’s Touch ID 2016-04-11 Apple Patches OS X Bug That Can Leak Your iMessages 2016-03-06 Mac Users Targeted By Ransomware Campaign 2015-10-21 Malware On Macs Reaches An All-Time High LG ProBeam Home Cinema Projector Unveiled Capcom To Release Mega Man 1-6 On Mobile January, 2017 Apple To Charge For AirPods Battery Service Even Under Warranty Tesla’s Emergency Braking System Prevented A Serious Accident Original Unopened First-Gen iPod Spotted On eBay For $200,000 Tesla To Take Action Against Drivers Who Park Cars At Superchargers Google Is Apparently Moving Away From Fully Autonomous Cars Panasonic Takes Grocery Self-Checkouts To The Next Level User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Sat, Jan 7, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In News Politics Oireachtas Poll Election 2016 Assembly Election All News Year in Review State Papers Ireland Irish News World UK Europe US Africa Middle East Asia-Pacific Politics Oireachtas Poll Election 2016 Assembly Election Crime & Law Social Affairs Religion & Beliefs Health Education Student Hub Courts Irish Times Data Environment Science Consumer Offbeat In Depth Specials Brexit US Election Terror attacks 1916 Podcasts Inside Politics World View Subscriptions ePaper Newspaper Archive By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Poisoned Apple: Bitter battle lines drawn in wake of tax bill Brussels goes to war with Ireland, and the Government goes to war with itself Sat, Sep 3, 2016, 01:00 Pat Leahy Minister for Public Expenditure and Reform Paschal Donohoe with Minister for Finance Michael Noonan at Government Buildings, announcing that the Cabinet had agreed to appeal the €13 billion Apple tax decision. Photograph: Brenda Fitzsimons/The Irish Times         The drum beats from Brussels grew louder last week, as officials and ministers trailed back to the office after the holidays. A final ruling in the three-year investigation by the European Commission into the Irish tax arrangements of Apple, the technology giant, was imminent. The files had been ready for months. The commission’s competition division, manned by 800 full-time staff in Brussels, is the most powerful part of the EU, exercising quasi-judicial powers. They are the shock troops of the commission; while most EU legislation proposed by the commission goes to the European Council, representing member states, and in some cases the European Parliament for approval, competition decisions must be enforced. While typically the EU’s competition wing focuses on corporate merger and acquisitions, as well as state aid law, this is the first time the division has intervened to such an extent in a tax-related state-aid case. The European Commissioner for Competition Margrethe Vestager was readying a fast-track 24-hour – rather than a two-week – notification procedure for the announcement. The Danish commissioner was going to war. Expected verdict By last weekend, officials in Dublin were finalising briefing papers and facilitating a Sunday phone call between the Taoiseach and Apple boss Tim Cook. Each assured the other that they were on his side. Apple would fight the ruling, and so would the Irish Government. In fact, the Irish Government had been promising to fight the expected verdict for months. But some people hadn’t been listening. On Sunday, Independent Alliance’s Minister for Sport Shane Ross rang Minister for Finance Michael Noonan to complain about the presentation of the Irish appeal as a fait accompli. There had been no Government decision to appeal – Ross knew that. The Cabinet would have to make a decision. And that meant the Independents had to agree. ADVERTISEMENT Ross was further annoyed when Minister of State for Finance Eoghan Murphy went on the RTÉ Radio One’s This Week programme on Sunday and indicated that the Government believed the expected decision was wrong, and would appeal against it. A flurry of phone calls followed. Fine Gael readily accepted Ross’s insistences that there could be no appeal without a formal Cabinet decision to do so. But they still went on telling everyone that there would be an appeal. This was less an attempt to bounce the Independents into agreeing the appeal than it was a reflection of Fine Gael’s belief that nobody could seriously contemplate repudiating one of the pillars of Irish economic policy since the 1960s. But some of the Independents didn’t see it like that. In fact, they don’t see the world like Fine Gael does – at all. For the Independents, the presumption of the Fine Gael ministers also confirmed one of their persistent – and not entirely unfounded – beliefs: that the larger party does not take them seriously, does not treat them as equals and does not give them enough respect. One Fine Gael minister accepts this. “We’re still acting like a Fine Gael majority Government,” he admits. This was the fault line in Government that began to open like a chasm on Monday and Tuesday. Noonan briefed the Independent ministers (he also briefed Fianna Fáil) on the impending decision from Brussels but they left with the impression that the Apple tax bill would be somewhere in the region of €7-€8 billion. Noonan gave them a thorough briefing, but he didn’t give them a number. When they heard the €13 billion figure the next morning, they were astounded. Moreover, they felt that Fine Gael hadn’t kept them in the loop. Why didn’t Fine Gael brief them more comprehensively? Why were they left agog when the number came? Different Fine Gaelers have different answers. The most honest one is probably this: “Noonan doesn’t trust Ross.” ‘Cheap money grab’ Vestager’s number, when it came, was breathtaking: €13 billion. Across Dublin, across the world, jaws dropped. The Irish Government furiously rebutted the charge that it had given Apple a sweetheart deal. “Wrong”; “crazy”; “flawed”; “overreach”, ministers fulminated. Apple chief executive Tim Cook, in a statement, called the ruling “unprecedented” – accusing the commission of “effectively proposing to replace Irish tax laws with a view of what the commission thinks the law should have been”. Later, in an interview with RTÉ, Cook, called the ruling “maddening.” White House press secretary Josh Earnest said the Obama administration was concerned that the commission’s “unilateral approach” threatened to undermine collaborative efforts with the Europeans to make the international tax system fair for everyone. US treasury secretary Jack Lew warned that the ruling could hurt the European economy and said that it undermined “the spirit of economic cooperation”. Others were not so diplomatic in their choice of words. US Democratic senator Chuck Schumer, in line to be the next US senate majority leader if his party regains the upper house in the November 8th elections, called the ruling “a cheap money grab” by the commission. Deeply uneasy All day Tuesday, Fine Gael ministers batted back the commission’s findings. With Apple and the US administration weighing in, the plan was that, by later in the week, the debate would have been framed as a row between the US and Europe, with Ireland unfairly stuck in the middle. It looked good on paper, but it failed to take into account the extent to which the political context would be changed by the enormity of the number – and the extent to which the Independents were prepared to dig their heels in. ADVERTISEMENT By the time the Taoiseach was speaking to reporters on his way into the special Cabinet meeting on Wednesday morning, telling them a decision might not be reached that day, the opposition of the Independents was public. Noonan and Kenny met with them before the Cabinet meeting, but failed to convince them; Ross wanted to see the judgment, wanted to see tax briefing documents. The lack of trust wasn’t just one way. Minister for Children Katherine Zappone, too, was feeling deeply uneasy about being bounced into a decision to appeal against the judgment. She didn’t buy the notion that the Government would suddenly have €13 billion to spend on the sort of social programme she has devoted her life to building, but nor was she comfortable to readily align herself with a tax-avoiding multinational. She wanted time to think about it, too. The meeting itself was long and intense. Minister of State for Disability Issues Finian McGrath told them the Independents had been treated badly. We won’t put up with it, he told them. Noonan held up his hands. He shouldn’t have said the Government would appeal, he conceded, without their assent. But, now could they consider the case on its merits? The meeting was adjourned until Friday. The 2013 letter For all that it caught the Government on the hop, this train has been coming down the tracks for quite a while. On June 12, 2013, a letter arrived from the commission’s competition directorate – asking Dublin for details of a number of Apple subsidiary companies operating in Ireland. The controversy had started, in earnest, a few months earlier. The US senate permanent sub-committee on investigations, chaired by senators John McCain and Carl Levin, had already caught the headlines investigating the international tax affairs of big US multinationals, including Microsoft. Government finances across the world were under pressure after the crash, and the tiny amounts paid by many multinationals on profits earned outside the US were increasingly controversial. Apple was, however, their biggest target, and the committee had done its work. It showed the Apple’s effective tax rate on profits moved through Ireland was under 2 per cent for many years, and much lower in some years. This was enabled by moving large amounts of money into a company which was not tax resident anywhere and had made no tax return in five years. Levin dubbed it the “holy grail of tax avoidance”. Mr Cook told the committee Apple had received a “tax incentive deal” to establish in Ireland, though he later denied it had received any special treatment. But the senators were putting together a story – Ireland had promised Apple it would pay hardly any tax in return for investment. Brussels was wide awake and watching. Corporate tax avoidance is becoming one of the incendiary political issues of the age and while most governments are too cowed, feel too powerless, or just have other priorities to force the big corporates to pay more tax, the commission doesn’t feel that way. It has also long had a beef with Ireland’s corporation tax regime. Now the two issues were coming together. JP Morgan’s figure A year after the 2013 letter, another communication landed in Dublin. The commission, it said, had taken a preliminary view that Ireland had offered Apple illegal state aid. More information was demanded. The letter warned that EU law “provides that all unlawful aid may be recovered from the recipient.” In the wake of this preliminary ruling, investment bank JP Morgan did a sum. They looked at all Apple sales outside the Americas for over a decade and asked what would happen if Irish corporation tax was applied to this. ADVERTISEMENT They come up with a sum of €19million. Add interest to €13 billion, and the JP Morgan figure isn’t looking too far off. Recriminations Privately, Fine Gael was furious with the Independents and horrified that they would play politics – as they saw it – with a vital, national interest. The blue side of the Government gritted its teeth and said, no problem, take your time. But also: don’t take too much time. You’ve got till Friday. Contacts between Fine Gael and the Independents recommenced on Thursday, with both sides soon realising that their differences were not sufficiently large to collapse the Government. The Independents knew they would have to assent to the appeal; in fact, most of them think it’s probably the right thing to do. And they don’t want to collapse the Government. For one thing, they are all seeking funding for initiatives and projects and policies in the budget. Not all of them are local, certainly – but some of them are. Noonan wasn’t slow to remind them of this. Friday’s Cabinet meeting , when it came, was pretty perfunctory. The deal had largely been done the day before. Noonan came out fighting at the press conference with a pugnacious performance. Behind the scenes, it wasn’t quite backslapping and bonhomie, but at least everyone seemed determined to learn lessons. The events of the week have taken their toll. Ireland has experienced another wave of unfriendly headlines and, whether the Government likes it or not, the corporation tax regime in Dublin is now under ferocious scrutiny. There are recriminations not just between the Independents and Fine Gael, but within Government. For the first time in a long time, fingers are pointing at Noonan; in the Department of Finance, they are pointing fingers at the Department of the Taoiseach. Whatever about “Ireland’s international reputation” (whatever that is), it has been a bad week for its increasingly shaky coalition Government.       Topics: Apple tax Carl Levin Chuck Schumer Cliff Taylor Eoghan Murphy Jack Lew John Mccain Josh Earnest Katherine Zappone Margrethe Vestager Michael Noonan Pat Leahy Shane Ross Simon Carswell Suzanne Lynch Tim Cook Department of Finance Department of the Taoiseach Dublin Government Eu European Commission Fianna Fáil Fine Gael Irish Government Us Senate White House Apple Taoiseach Brussels Dublin(IE) Europe Ireland United States Washington(US) Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Health At least 1,000 extra hospital beds ‘needed immediately’ Opinion Martyn Turner Politics Fine Gael leadership contest may be sped up amid snap election Pro12 Johnny Sexton cruises on return as Leinster hammer sorry Zebre ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Year in Review 2016   Our politics team’s behind-the-scenes take on events of the day in your inbox each Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday Google ID Name Surname Email Sign Up I would also like to receive occasional update emails from The Irish Times Latest Ireland OPW mulled range of alternative temporary venues for Seanad 01:00 At least 1,000 extra hospital beds ‘needed immediately’ 01:00 Garda gets power to seize cars driven by disqualified motorists 01:00 Ageing Ireland: Living longer and cleaner brings its own problems 01:00 Hotel set to house refugees linked to other Ballaghaderreen properties 01:00 ADVERTISEMENT   Most Read in News 1 ‘Nothing as appalling as a liar’: Driver committed perjury - judge 2 Owners to be accountable if car driven by unaccompanied learner 3 At least five shot dead at Fort Lauderdale airport in Florida 4 Ballaghadarreen locals conflicted over refugee influx 5 Putin ordered interference in US election, agencies claim Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Features & Opinion Fine Gael’s bright young spark yet to prove his mettle Fiach Kelly Simon Harris faces major fight to succeed in department where many have failed Regina Doherty: woman who keeps FG in line without being nasty Fiach Kelly ‘I have a way of getting what I want without falling out with people’ Resignation raises chance of hard Brexit, say officials Pat Leahy EU envoy Ivan Rogers quit months before formal triggering of British exit mechanism Resolution over water charges fraught with political risk Harry McGee Levies remain unpalatable, contaminated and subject to political ‘boil notice’ News - direct to your inbox Which Daily Digest would you like? Morning Lunchtime Both Google ID Name Surname Email Sign Up Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Sat 7/1/2017 News Year in Review State Papers Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Sat, Jan 7, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Ireland to defend ‘integrity’ of tax system in Apple appeal Noonan to appoint ‘independent expert’ to review Irish tax arrangements Sat, Sep 3, 2016, 01:00 Harry McGee Independent Alliance Ministers Shane Ross and Finian Mc Grath speaking to reporters ahead of the Cabinet meeting about the Apple tax ruling. Photograph: Cyril Byrne/The Irish Times         The Government’s appeal against the €13 billion Apple tax ruling must be lodged with the European Court by early November. After three days of internal divisions between Fine Gael and Independent Alliance Ministers over Ireland’s response to the ruling, the Cabinet yesterday presented a united front with Fine Gael Ministers, in particular, setting out a robust defence of Ireland’s tax arrangements. In the event, yesterday’s Cabinet meeting lasted only half an hour. All of the outstanding issues had been resolved in advance of the meeting and there was unanimous backing for the memorandum from Minister for Finance Michael Noonan recommending an appeal. It will be against the commission’s ruling that Apple’s tax arrangements in Ireland amounted to an illegal state aid. The Government has two months and 10 days to lodge the appeal from the date of the ruling, which was last Tuesday. The two Independent Alliance Ministers, Shane Ross and Finian McGrath, as well as another non-aligned Minister Katherine Zappone did wring some concessions from Fine Gael in return for their support. These include an early recall of the Dáil next Wednesday, a review of the tax treatment of multinationals in Ireland, and strong moves towards tax justice and transparency – a key demand of Ms Zappone’s. Inside China’s ‘iPhone City’, the land of sweeteners and perks John McManus: Apple’s adventures in tax wonderland Apple ruling: EU accuses Ireland of inconsistencies on tax rules Corporation tax The Taoiseach has also agreed to an “independent expert” carrying out a review of Ireland’s tax system. However, later yesterday, Mr Noonan said he would nominate the expert and he would also set out the terms of reference. He emphasised to reporters that he would specifically exclude any consideration of the 12.5 per cent corporation tax rate in the terms. At a media conference in Leinster House, after the decision, the Independent Alliance said it had been wholly united in its approach and there had been no divisions. It said it had always stressed that it had wanted a fair system of taxation for multinationals. ADVERTISEMENT Its leader Shane Ross emphasised the commitment to appoint an independent expert to review the corporate tax system in Ireland. Waterford TD John Halligan also indicated he would support the motion. He dismissed suggestions his support would be conditional on the progress of a commitment for University Hospital Waterford, saying that was a separate matter. “Now is not the time to bring down the Government, just before the budget,” he said. Mr Ross said all parties were acting legally at the time Apple made its tax arrangements here. “What they [Apple] were doing was making use of extraordinary loopholes that existed there,” he said, but added that the company should pay its fair share of tax. ‘Defend the integrity’ The Dáil will reconvene at 10am on Wednesday to debate a motion on the Government decision. The motion will argue it is necessary “to defend the integrity of our tax system, to provide tax certainty to business; and to challenge the encroachment of EU state aid rules into the sovereign Member State competence of taxation”. Sinn Féin’s deputy leader Mary Lou McDonald said the Government decision was taken so authorities could “cover their asses” for lax tax arrangements made with multinationals by successive Fianna Fáil and Fine Gael governments. Paul Murphy, of the Anti-Austerity Alliance - People Before Profit alliance, described the decision as “very definitely the last refuge of a scoundrel”. Fianna Fáil and Labour have both said they will give conditional support to the appeal, on the basis of an appeal giving legal clarity. Both said they would wait to see the grounds of the appeal.       Topics: Apple tax Brendan Howlin Finian Mcgrath Katherine Zappone Mary Lou Mcdonald Michael Noonan Paul Murphy Shane Ross Eu European Union Fianna Fáil Fine Gael Irish Government Labour Leinster Sinn Fein Waterford Apple Ireland Read More Apple dismisses tax bill, says Ireland ‘doesn’t do any engineering for us’ Cliff Taylor: Battle lines drawn in State’s EU Apple appeal Court ruling on Spanish tax may give clues to Apple appeal Meet ‘the Maxforce’ – the EU team that fined Ireland €13bn over Apple Apple CEO invited to attend tax ruling hearing in Dublin EU Court asks Government to tweak its Apple tax appeal European Commission refuses to comment on Noonan claims Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Economy Nearly everybody paid their property tax last year Technology CES 2017: Anglers get a helping hand from PowerRay Pro12 Johnny Sexton cruises on return as Leinster hammer sorry Zebre Economy Draghi’s German problem has come back to haunt him Sponsored Making a difficult fertility journey a lot less lonely Redbreast Lustau: an old friend with a new whiskey perspective Infertility and the workplace: one woman's experience Do you know how much you’ll save by switching health plan? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business ‘Slane’ registered as trademark by US multinational 01:00 European stocks rally following US jobs report 20:39 Apple faces massive interest bill as Irish transfer nears 19:59 Glen Dimplex’s Fergal Naughton buys into Park Hotel 18:27 Hundreds of thousands of bank customers go online on Christmas Day 18:16 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 ‘Slane’ registered as trademark by US multinational 2 Jamie Oliver to close six restaurants after Brexit vote 3 Apple faces massive interest bill as Irish transfer nears 4 Nearly everybody paid their property tax last year 5 Glen Dimplex’s Fergal Naughton buys into Park Hotel 6 Administrators appointed to Derry firm Schivo 7 Chinese economy enters unknown territory 8 Sale of Blanchardstown centre was State’s biggest property deal 9 CES 2017: the weird and wonderful make a reappearance 10 Book review: The Stupidity Paradox, by Mats Alvesson and Andree Spicer Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Sat 7/1/2017 News Year in Review State Papers Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Sat, Jan 7, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Apple tax ruling: ‘EU sticking its nose where it shouldn’t be’ Opinions on tax ruling were evenly split among Athenry primary school students Sat, Sep 3, 2016, 01:00 Lorna Siggins Sixth class pupil Leah Glennon giving her opinion on the Apple tax ruling at Lisheenkyle National School, Co Galway. Also present is school principal Anne Keary and other 6th class pupils. Photograph: Joe O’Shaughnessy         If Apple chief executive Tim Cook had strolled into a classroom in Athenry, Co Galway yesterday, he would have heard mixed views about his company’s €13 billion tax bill. Lisheenkyle primary school is built next to a Coillte forest, where an €850 million Apple data centre is due to be built. The school has an outdoor classroom in the forest, and the technology giant has promised to upgrade it as part of their plans. Apple has donated iPads to the school, which sixth-class teacher Patricia Dunne and resource teacher Eithne Archer have been using. Still, a show of hands among Ms Dunne’s group was evenly split when asked if Apple should be liable for the unpaid tax. “I think it should be made to pay up, as we need the money,” said Tommy Lardner (12). Oisin Ruane (12) agreed: “Everyone else has to pay their taxes.” “But the EU is sticking its nose in where it shouldn’t be,” observed Ruairí­ Mannion (11). Inside China’s ‘iPhone City’, the land of sweeteners and perks John McManus: Apple’s adventures in tax wonderland Apple ruling: EU accuses Ireland of inconsistencies on tax rules “If we did get some of that money, we could use if for healthcare,”pointed out Anna Healy (11), daughter of Irish Farmers Association president Joe Healy. Second thoughts Charlene Caulfield (11) did not think Apple should be liable now. Ryan Langan-Rabbitte (11) expressed concern that other multinationals might have second thoughts about coming to Ireland. Whatever the outcome of the European Commission ruling, it will be closely monitored by the school of 231 pupils, said principal Anne Keary. “Athenry really needs this Apple investment, as the town has not recovered from the recession,” she said. Closed shops and shuttered windows are evidence of this in the medieval streets, which were almost deserted yesterday afternoon. “I think Apple will liven up the place,” said town resident Kathleen Gardner. She said she had no view on the judgment. In Athenry Heritage Centre, Carmel Barrett agreed that the data centre would be a fillip, and the European Commission ruling had been “ a topic of conservation here all week”. ADVERTISEMENT “We get the impression that it won’t affect Apple’s investment, but at the same time €13 billion – or whatever bit of it we might get – could do a lot for our hospital services and for the homeless,” she said. Closed businesses “Just look at accident and emergency in University Hospital, Galway . . . it’s horrendous,” Ms Barrett said. She counted at least 10 businesses in Athenry that had closed since the downturn hit. In The Fields of Athenry, a shop in Church Street that sells jewellery and gifts, proprietor Michael Melia said he believed the Government should not appeal the ruling on Apple. The multinational should pay its tax due, he said. “At the same time, Apple will be a massive boost to this town,” he acknowledged. “And it’s what it will attract here, rather than the impact of the data centre itself.” Mr Melia’s daughter, Joanne Costello, said the Apple investment could not come at a better time, and expressed hope that the judgment would not put the multinational off. And if Tim Cook or any of his colleagues need a Child of Prague to weather the current storm, her father’s shop is happy to put one in the mail.       Topics: Apple tax Anna Healy Anne Keary Carmel Barrett Charlene Caulfield Eithne Archer Joanne Costello Joe Healy Joe Shaughs Kathleen Gardner Michael Melia Oisin Ruane Patricia Dunne Ryan Langan Rabbitte Tim Cook Tommy Lardner Coillte Eu European Commission Irish Farmers Association Apple Praha Read More Apple dismisses tax bill, says Ireland ‘doesn’t do any engineering for us’ Cliff Taylor: Battle lines drawn in State’s EU Apple appeal Court ruling on Spanish tax may give clues to Apple appeal Meet ‘the Maxforce’ – the EU team that fined Ireland €13bn over Apple Apple CEO invited to attend tax ruling hearing in Dublin EU Court asks Government to tweak its Apple tax appeal European Commission refuses to comment on Noonan claims Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Economy Nearly everybody paid their property tax last year Technology CES 2017: Anglers get a helping hand from PowerRay Pro12 Johnny Sexton cruises on return as Leinster hammer sorry Zebre Economy Draghi’s German problem has come back to haunt him Sponsored Making a difficult fertility journey a lot less lonely Redbreast Lustau: an old friend with a new whiskey perspective Infertility and the workplace: one woman's experience Do you know how much you’ll save by switching health plan? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business ‘Slane’ registered as trademark by US multinational 01:00 European stocks rally following US jobs report 20:39 Apple faces massive interest bill as Irish transfer nears 19:59 Glen Dimplex’s Fergal Naughton buys into Park Hotel 18:27 Hundreds of thousands of bank customers go online on Christmas Day 18:16 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 ‘Slane’ registered as trademark by US multinational 2 Jamie Oliver to close six restaurants after Brexit vote 3 Apple faces massive interest bill as Irish transfer nears 4 Nearly everybody paid their property tax last year 5 Glen Dimplex’s Fergal Naughton buys into Park Hotel 6 Administrators appointed to Derry firm Schivo 7 Chinese economy enters unknown territory 8 Sale of Blanchardstown centre was State’s biggest property deal 9 CES 2017: the weird and wonderful make a reappearance 10 Book review: The Stupidity Paradox, by Mats Alvesson and Andree Spicer Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Sat 7/1/2017 News Year in Review State Papers Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Sat, Jan 7, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Apple tax ruling: EC ‘certain’ decision to charge €13bn is valid Pierre Moscovici: Apple ‘a company which didn’t pay as much tax as it should have’ Sat, Sep 3, 2016, 01:00 Lara Marlowe Paris Correspondent European Commissioner for economic and financial affairs, taxation and customs, Pierre Moscovici: Asked whether the Apple decision constituted an intervention in Irish internal affairs, he said: “Ireland is a country that benefits more than any other . . . from belonging to the EU. It is a champion of growth, and so it must approve of EU rules.” File photograph: Eric Piermont/AFP/Getty Images         Pierre Moscovici, the EU commissioner for economic and financial affairs, has said the commission is “certain” its decision to charge Apple €13 billion in back taxes is legally valid.  “I hope there will not be an appeal [by the Irish Government],” Mr Moscovici said in Paris yesterday.  “When you appeal, it should be . . . because there is serious doubt. There must not be an appeal just to buy time. That’s our position.” Asked whether the fine constituted an intervention in Irish internal affairs, Mr Moscovici noted “Ireland is a country that benefits more than any other . . . from belonging to the EU. It is a champion of growth, and so it must approve of EU rules. “This isn’t about Ireland,” Mr Moscovici continued. “It’s about Apple. It isn’t Irish citizens who are going to pay [the €13 billion]. It’s a company which didn’t pay as much tax as it should have.” Inside China’s ‘iPhone City’, the land of sweeteners and perks John McManus: Apple’s adventures in tax wonderland Apple ruling: EU accuses Ireland of inconsistencies on tax rules Ireland’s 12.5 per cent corporate tax rate was “not on the table and cannot be,” Mr Moscovici said.  “Commitments have been made on the subject.” Mr Moscovici said he thought “the Irish farmer or Apple employee will understand that we are talking about a multinational corporation; not ordinary citizens who pay heavy taxes to reduce the deficit.” ‘No particular targets’ The fight against tax evasion demonstrates the “utility and necessity” of the EU,” Mr Moscovici said. Asked whether the Netherlands will be targeted next, he said, “There will be no particular targets, and no particular indulgence. No one will escape. Nothing will stop this revolution of transparency.” In a letter addressed to the president of the Commission, the commissioner for competition and himself, Mr Moscovici said, US Treasury Secretary Jack Lew suggested the EU specifically targeted US companies and acted retroactively.  ADVERTISEMENT “That is not correct.  We are acting on the basis of our rules and we have no particular US targets,” Mr Moscovici said. “But it’s true that there are a certain number of US multinationals.” Mr Lew’s letter “opens a debate” but does not “threaten reprisals,” Mr Moscovici said. “The US would improve the situation if they themselves took appropriate, strong measures in the fight against tax evasion.”       Topics: Apple tax Pierre Moscovici Jack Lew Eu French Government Irish Government Apple United States Ireland France Netherlands Read More Apple dismisses tax bill, says Ireland ‘doesn’t do any engineering for us’ Cliff Taylor: Battle lines drawn in State’s EU Apple appeal Court ruling on Spanish tax may give clues to Apple appeal Meet ‘the Maxforce’ – the EU team that fined Ireland €13bn over Apple Apple CEO invited to attend tax ruling hearing in Dublin EU Court asks Government to tweak its Apple tax appeal European Commission refuses to comment on Noonan claims Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Economy Nearly everybody paid their property tax last year Technology CES 2017: Anglers get a helping hand from PowerRay Pro12 Johnny Sexton cruises on return as Leinster hammer sorry Zebre Economy Draghi’s German problem has come back to haunt him Sponsored Making a difficult fertility journey a lot less lonely Redbreast Lustau: an old friend with a new whiskey perspective Infertility and the workplace: one woman's experience Do you know how much you’ll save by switching health plan? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business ‘Slane’ registered as trademark by US multinational 01:00 European stocks rally following US jobs report 20:39 Apple faces massive interest bill as Irish transfer nears 19:59 Glen Dimplex’s Fergal Naughton buys into Park Hotel 18:27 Hundreds of thousands of bank customers go online on Christmas Day 18:16 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in Business 1 ‘Slane’ registered as trademark by US multinational 2 Jamie Oliver to close six restaurants after Brexit vote 3 Apple faces massive interest bill as Irish transfer nears 4 Nearly everybody paid their property tax last year 5 Glen Dimplex’s Fergal Naughton buys into Park Hotel 6 Administrators appointed to Derry firm Schivo 7 Chinese economy enters unknown territory 8 Sale of Blanchardstown centre was State’s biggest property deal 9 CES 2017: the weird and wonderful make a reappearance 10 Book review: The Stupidity Paradox, by Mats Alvesson and Andree Spicer Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Sat 7/1/2017 News Year in Review State Papers Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Forget InvenSense Inc: These 2 Stocks are Better Buys STMicro and Texas Instruments are both safer chipmaking plays than the motion sensor maker. Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Sep 2, 2016 at 7:07PM InvenSense (NYSE:INVN), a maker of motion sensors for smartphones, tablets, smartwatches, and other devices, lost about 25% of its market value over the past 12 months due to slowing sales of mobile devices worldwide.  Image source: Getty Images. That pressure caused InvenSense's revenue to fall 43% annually last quarter, compared to a 20% decline in the previous quarter and 59% growth in the year ago quarter. The company's heavy dependence on Apple and Samsung, which respectively generated 40% and 16% of its sales last year, also makes it a riskier play than more diversified suppliers. The company's cash position also plunged 44% sequentially to $23 million last quarter. That's why I previously declared that InvenSense was far too risky for most investors. If you're looking for better supply chain plays in the mobile market, STMicroelectronics (NYSE:STM) and Texas Instruments (NASDAQ:TXN) might be much safer long-term plays. STMicroelectronics STMicro makes a wide variety of semiconductors for connected cars, smart appliances, and various Internet of Things gadgets. In a devastating blow to InvenSense last year, Apple installed STMicro's motion sensors instead of InvenSense's into the Apple Watch.  STMicro has two key advantages against InvenSense -- it's bigger, enabling it to leverage economies of scale against smaller suppliers, and it's better diversified. Last quarter, 42% of its revenues came from its automotive business, 33% came from microcontrollers and digital integrated circuits, and 22% came from the MEMS (micro-electrical mechanical systems) business which competes against InvenSense. Revenue rose year-over-year at its automotive segment, fueled by content share gains in connected cars, but fell at its other two businesses, due to softer demand for networking applications and mobile devices. But overall, STMicro's revenues fell just 3% last quarter, compared to a 5% decline in both the previous and prior year quarters. Analysts expect STMicro's revenue to stay flat this year, then rise 4% next year on stronger demand for automotive chips and higher demand from connected and mobile devices. By comparison, InvenSense's revenue is expected to fall 24% this year before possibly rebounding 14% next year. STMicro's motion sensors power the Apple Watch. Image source: Apple. STMicro's net income fell 34% last quarter, but it's expected to finish the year with 5% earnings growth and post an average of 49% annual earnings growth over the next five years. That gives it a very low 5-year PEG ratio of 0.8, which is lower than the "undervalued" threshold of 1. InvenSense's earnings are expected to fall 78% this year but possibly rebound to an average of 20% growth over the next five years, giving it a much pricier PEG ratio of 3.4. STMicro also pays a forward annual dividend yield of 3.1%, while InvenSense has never paid a dividend. Texas Instruments Like STMicro, Texas Instruments (TI) is a better diversified supply chain play than InvenSense. The company generates most of its revenue by selling analog and embedded chips for the industrial, automotive, personal electronics, communication equipment, and enterprise systems markets. Apple is one of Texas Instruments' top customers, but its orders only accounted for 11% of its top line last year. TI's revenue rose 1.2% annually to $3.27 billion last quarter. Analysts expect the company's sales growth to stay almost flat this year but rise 4% next year. TI stands out from the competition for two reasons -- its massive margins and its shareholder friendly practices. By using a lower-cost 300-millimeter analog manufacturing process, TI's gross margin hit 61.2% last quarter, up from 58.2% a year ago. By comparison, STMicro and InvenSense respectively had gross margins of 33.9% and 41% in their most recent quarters. Image source: Texas Instruments. Those beefy margins, along with buybacks, boosted its net earnings by 17% annually last quarter. Over the past 12 years, TI has reduced its share count by 42%, and raised its dividend every year during that period. It currently pays a forward yield of 2.2%, and has pledged to return 100% of its free cash flow to investors through buybacks and dividends. Analysts expect TI's earnings to rise 9% this year and grow at an average rate of 10% over the next five years. That gives it a PEG ratio of 2.3, which is higher than STMicro's PEG ratio but still lower than InvenSense's. The bottom line It's generally safer to invest in bigger and more diversified chipmakers like STMicro and Texas Instruments than smaller players like InvenSense, which are too exposed to single customers and lack the scale to remain competitive. STMicro and TI probably won't produce huge returns over the next year, but they also won't be hit as hard by news of weak sales of iPhones or other mobile devices. Leo Sun has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and InvenSense. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Sep 2, 2016 at 7:07PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Texas Instruments NASDAQ:TXN $74.15 up $1.23 (1.69%) STMicroelectronics NYSE:STM $10.79 down $0.15 (-1.37%) InvenSense NYSE:INVN $12.80 up $0.04 (0.31%) Read More Better Buy: NXP Semiconductors NV vs. Texas Instruments Better Buy: Qualcomm Inc or Texas Instruments Inc? Better Buy: InvenSense, Inc. vs. Texas Instruments Inc. Better Buy: NXP Semiconductors NV vs. Texas Instruments Why STMicroelectronics Shares Jumped Today Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Forget InvenSense Inc: These 2 Stocks are Better Buys #stocks $TXN, $STM, $INVN
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español The best laptops you can buy right now Our favorites, from budget-priced hybrids to upscale ultraportables to gaming laptops that skip the performance compromises. Sarah Tew/CNET Laptops by Dan Ackerman September 2, 2016 3:17 PM PDT @danackerman Up Next Putin ordered campaign to influence US election, say intel agencies Laptop Buying Guide: What to look for when laptop shopping CNET's Dan Ackerman, who's been reviewing laptops since 2005, tells you what features and technologies matter most, and which ones you can ignore. by Dan Ackerman 2:56 Close Drag Walking into a crowded retail store showroom, the shelves lined with laptops, can be a daunting experience. Even in the relatively well-curated world of the Apple Store, that company now has five distinct laptop models (Air and Pro systems in two sizes each, plus the 12-inch MacBook). Sometimes you just want to know what the best current laptops are, or at least the ones I'm most likely to recommend for someone looking to buy right now. As most PCs are built around the same small collection of core components, from CPUs to storage drives to graphics cards, it's about much more than just specs and test scores, it's also about design, feel, portability and overall value. This list represents where I'd point a new laptop shopper to start, from budget-priced hybrids to upscale ultraportables, to the very first laptops to add amazing-looking OLED displays. Photo by Sarah Tew/CNET 1. Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga (OLED) Thanks to its retracting keyboard in tablet mode, the ThinkPad version of Lenovo's Yoga hybrid has always been the all-around best. Now the Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga adds an OLED display, the same as found on the very best big screen televisions, to stunning effect. Yes, it has a rugged body, great keyboard and a built-in stylus, but the key point is, once you try out an OLED screen, it's hard to go back to plain old LCD. Photo by Josh Miller/CNET 2. Dell Inspiron 7000 2-in-1 Dell seems to have cracked the code for getting you the most laptop possible for the least money. These 13- and 15-inch laptops, called the Inspiron 7000 2-in-1 series, have metal bodies, face-recognizing cameras, very good IPS high-res displays and Core i5 CPUs, plus hybrid hinges, all for about $750. Photo by Sarah Tew/CNET 3. Dell XPS 15 This is a high-end machine that looks and feels much like a 15-inch MacBook Pro, but the Dell XPS 15 also outdoes the Apple version in many areas, from its nearly bezel-free design to its stunning 4K screen resolution. The 13-inch XPS 13 version is likewise impressive if you're looking for something smaller. 4. HP EliteBook Folio G1 It's the best ultra-thin Windows laptop available right now. The HP EliteBook Folio G1 evokes the 12-inch MacBook, but adds a high-res touchscreen and extra USB-C ports. For a sleeker-looking version, the 13-inch HP Spectre loses the touch screen but adds a better processor and is even thinner. Photo by Sarah Tew / CNET 5. Apple MacBook Pro (13-inch) The first choice for no-compromise powerful, productive laptops. The design of the 13-inch Apple MacBook Pro hasn't changed much in a few years, but it still beats out newer laptops for design, display, and Apple's best-in-class keyboard-touchpad combo. There are no guarantees, but there's a reasonable chance we'll see a new version before the end of 2016. The Microsoft Surface Pro 4 is still king of the hybrid hill Packing more pixels into a slimmer body, the Surface Pro 4 is the best example of a Windows tablet-laptop hybrid to date. by Dan Ackerman 3:10 Close Drag 6. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 The overall best full-power Windows hybrid is Microsoft's Surface Pro 4. It has a great stylus, higher-res screen than previous versions, a flexible, easy-to-use kickstand and a clever keyboard cover that's a miracle of modern product design. But it'll be a year old in October -- which means a Surface Pro 5 could be on deck very soon. 7. Razer Blade Stealth As slim as a MacBook Air, but with an optional 4K touchscreen and a fun Chroma backlit keyboard for millions of glowing and pulsing color combinations, all starting at a very competitive price. Note that the Razer Blade Stealth is not a gaming laptop on its own, but if you hook up its companion external graphics box and a desktop GPU, it's even ready for virtual reality. More speed, better battery life for Apple's 12-inch MacBook Apple updates this slim laptop with new components. Just don't expect a second USB-C port. by Dan Ackerman 1:29 Close Drag 8. Apple MacBook With its strictly enforced minimalism and single USB-C port, this isn't the laptop for everyone. But, the 12-inch Apple MacBook is the hands-down best lightweight laptop I've used for easy travel and on-the-go computing. I'd go for this over the increasingly dated-feeling MacBook Air. Photo by Sarah Tew/CNET 9. Acer Predator 15 A very rare gaming laptop that fits the current top-end Nvidia GeForce 980M graphics card into a smaller 15-inch body, not a back-breaking 17-inch one. The Acer Predator 15 is one of the best-performing gaming laptops we've ever tested, but if you want VR support, you'll need something like the Origin PC Eon17-X, which crams a desktop GPU into an oversized laptop chassis. Photo by Sarah Tew/CNET 10. Samsung TabPro S This Surface-like hybrid isn't as powerful or sharply designed as Microsoft's version, but it has a great AMOLED display, costs less, and includes the must-have keyboard cover in the box, rather than forcing you to buy it separately. The Samsung TabPro S is a really great overall value. For a traditional clamshell laptop that offers a lot of value, check out the Lenovo ThinkPad 13. The Alienware 13 adds a stunning OLED display With the same screen tech as the highest-end TVs, this is a a brilliant-looking gaming laptop. by Dan Ackerman 1:44 Close Drag 11. Alienware 13 (OLED) The OLED display on this 13-inch gaming laptop is amazing to see in person, with extra-bright colors and nearly flawless black levels. The Alienware 13 with its optional OLED screen is something truly different and eye-catching, and makes games really pop, all without charging too much of a premium. Many more laptop, tablet and hybrid reviews are available in our laptop reviews section. Editor's note: This article was originally published July 22, 2016, and is regularly refreshed with new products. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Laptops Acer Dell HP Lenovo Microsoft Razer Samsung Related Stories 10 things to tweak when setting up a new MacBook 10 things to tweak when setting up a Windows 10 laptop New Intel CPUs to power desktops, laptops, hybrids and more Best laptops of 2016 Close   Discuss: The best laptops you can buy right now Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Putin ordered campaign to influence US election, say intel agencies CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Sat, Jan 7, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Ireland Irish News All News Year in Review State Papers Ireland Irish News World UK Europe US Africa Middle East Asia-Pacific Politics Oireachtas Poll Election 2016 Assembly Election Crime & Law Social Affairs Religion & Beliefs Health Education Student Hub Courts Irish Times Data Environment Science Consumer Offbeat In Depth Specials Brexit US Election Terror attacks 1916 Podcasts Inside Politics World View Subscriptions ePaper Newspaper Archive By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Give Me a Crash Course In . . . Apple and the €13bn The tax Europe says the iPhone maker must give Ireland would help pay the €200bn national debt. But the Government fears a tax payment would scare off foreign investment Sat, Sep 3, 2016, 01:00 Cliff Taylor State aid: the European Commission says Apple’s tax arrangements with Revenue gave it an unfair advantage over other companies. Phootgraph: Mike Segar/Reuters         So this Apple thing and the €13 billion. Seems nobody saw it coming You’re right there. Three years ago the European Commission starting investigating contacts between Ireland’s Revenue Commissioners and Apple about the technology company’s tax arrangements in the Republic of Ireland. Revenue gave Apple guidance in 1991 and 2007 on how its profits would be taxed. The European Commission has said that the details of this gave Apple an unfair advantage over other companies. Everyone had expected the commission to find against Ireland, but no one expected it to order Ireland to recoup such an enormous amount of cash. But a profit is a profit, isn’t it? Well, yes. And no. The international tax system was not designed for a world where iPhones are designed and developed in California, made in China and sold in Germany. To make it more complicated, Apple routed much of the revenue back through Ireland. The net point of the European Commission ruling is that Ireland should have levied tax on the profits Apple made in all markets outside North and South America, because revenues from these markets were moved through Ireland. Ireland’s case was, and is, that the money was never ours to tax. But the European Commission doesn’t usually get involved in this kind of thing It has issued two much smaller rulings, against the Netherlands for its tax treatment of Starbucks and against Luxembourg for how it dealt with Fiat, but the amounts involved were tiny by comparison. The section of the European Commission that investigated these deals oversees competition. It decided that in the case of these two companies and Apple, the countries involved gave the companies what is called a selective advantage – a deal not given to other companies. It thus found that the countries had provided unfair state aid. Underlying all this is the wider international debate about how little tax many US companies pay on their earnings outside the US, by using the interplay of the US and European tax codes. So what will we do with the €13 billion? It would make a nice hole in our €200 billion or so of national debt, or fill up a very healthy “ rainy day fund” for the exchequer. But we don’t want it. Yes we do No we don’t. Or at least the Government doesn’t. Attracting foreign direct investment is a key part of our economy. Anything that damages this is dangerous for Ireland. The Government argues that this case is confined to Apple and that for the moment no other Irish company is in the frame. However, this is a big push by an arm of the European Commission to get a say in the tax affairs of member countries. A lot is at stake. Might we see it some day? The decision will be appealed in the European courts – and both Ireland and Apple will oppose it. Apple may have to pay over the money in the meantime, but as it would get it back were the appeal to succeed, the money will go into a kind of holding account for now – as Father Ted might have said, it will be just “resting in our account”. The appeal process could take five years or more. And there are other complications. The European Commission has specifically said that tax authorities elsewhere in Europe and even in the United States could examine their findings and lay claim to some of the money. So there could be an international bunfight over the cash? There sure could. But first there will be a lengthy legal process. Apple and Ireland say they are confident of winning the legal battle, but as there is no precedent – and we haven’t seen the details of the commission’s decision – it’s hard to predict the final outcome of the case.       Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Health At least 1,000 extra hospital beds ‘needed immediately’ Opinion Martyn Turner Pro12 Johnny Sexton cruises on return as Leinster hammer sorry Zebre Politics Fine Gael leadership contest may be sped up amid snap election More in Sponsored Making a difficult fertility journey a lot less lonely Redbreast Lustau: an old friend with a new whiskey perspective Infertility and the workplace: one woman's experience Do you know how much you’ll save by switching health plan? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Latest Ireland OPW mulled range of alternative temporary venues for Seanad 01:00 At least 1,000 extra hospital beds ‘needed immediately’ 01:00 Garda gets power to seize cars driven by disqualified motorists 01:00 Ageing Ireland: Living longer and cleaner brings its own problems 01:00 Hotel set to house refugees linked to other Ballaghaderreen properties 01:00 ADVERTISEMENT Most Read in News 1 ‘Nothing as appalling as a liar’: Driver committed perjury - judge 2 Owners to be accountable if car driven by unaccompanied learner 3 At least five shot dead at Fort Lauderdale airport in Florida 4 Ballaghadarreen locals conflicted over refugee influx 5 Putin ordered interference in US election, agencies claim Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Videos 1:20 Michelle Obama delivers an emotional final speech as US first lady 0:40 Paul Ryan jokes about Tipperary and Kilkenny 'pig or horse thieves' 1:12 It's a Beautiful Day as Bono and The Edge make puns for charity 1:37 Biden to Trump: 'Grow up, Donald. Time to be an adult' 1:56 Apollo House activists say they won't leave until Nama houses homeless Beyond Brexit What does it mean for Ireland?   Irish Times News Follow @IrishTimesNews Features & Opinion Fine Gael’s bright young spark yet to prove his mettle Politics Fiach Kelly Simon Harris faces major fight to succeed in department where many have failed Ballaghadarreen locals conflicted over refugee influx Social Affairs Marese McDonagh Many residents open to migrants but unhappy with how news was announced Thinking Anew – A sense of belonging Religion & Beliefs Michael Commane Has shift to cloud made Consumer Electronics Show irrelevant? Irish News Davin O'Dwyer Without heavyweight keynote events, Las Vegas gizmo expo feels more like a toy show News - direct to your inbox Which Daily Digest would you like? Morning Lunchtime Both Google ID Name Surname Email Sign Up Galleries Images of the Week Images of the Day Weather Check the five-day forecast in your area Irish Times user warning Fake emails are circulated randomly from time to time purporting to come from The Irish Times. The information/instructions may vary but they often seek a reply or provide a link or attachment urging users to click. These emails are fraudulent and have nothing to do with The Irish Times.   Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Sat 7/1/2017 News Year in Review State Papers Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. It's Fine If the iPhone Looks the Same. In Fact, It's Better subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Roadmap to 2020 Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 7 hours Polaroid's new camera breathes new life into instant-print photos with the ability to add Snapchat-esque stickers wrd.cm/2iM0wR3 Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: Apple Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Brian Barrett. Brian Barrett Gear Date of Publication: 09.02.16. 09.02.16 Time of Publication: 8:02 pm. 8:02 pm It’s Fine If the iPhone Looks the Same. In Fact, It’s Better Apple When Apple introduces the next iPhone this week, it seems certain that it will look nearly identical to last year’s iPhone. Which means it will also look like the iPhone from the year before that. If this happens, it would break with Apple’s nearly decade-long tradition of redoing the whole phone every two years. You know what? That’s just fine. Since the iPhone’s inception, Apple has leaned on a predictable lifecycle. After the original came the 3G, followed by the mostly identical 3GS. Then came iPhone 4, followed by the mostly identical 4S. iPhone 5, 5S. iPhone 6, 6S. Tick, tock. Simple enough. It’s a misconception that progress has to be tied to dramatic industrial design changes. And it made sense! Carriers were subsidizing devices then in exchange for a two-year blood oath, which made it easy to sync up your new phone with The New Phone. It also made a broader kind of sense, though, because smartphone innovation and improvement was happening at a rapid enough clip that these really were entirely new devices, with new capabilities and new aspirations, new ways to insinuate themselves into vital aspects of our everyday lives. They deserved new bodies to match. Today, that’s no longer the case. The two-year contract is dead, or at least diminished. And while there’s still plenty of progress in what smartphones can do, the curve has flattened out. Apple not changing the iPhone doesn’t mean it’s out of ideas. It means it knows a good thing when it sees it. Steady As It Goes “Say you’re buying a Porsche, if you’re a 911 fan” says Brett Lovelady, founder of design firm Astro Studios. “You wouldn’t wanted it to deviate too dramatically from the form factor and basic interactions of what that means.” If nearly a decade of smartphone dominance has established anything, it’s that the iPhone is a Porsche, a luxury good that consumers an identify with and, more importantly, can readily identify. It’s not that the iPhone won’t change at all this year; it should lose the headphone jack and gain some fresh camera smarts. But it’s a misconception that progress has to be tied to dramatic industrial design changes. You don’t need to look as far away as sports cars for evidence of that. Look at the rest of Apple’s own products. “You can go back to original titanium laptop for Apple, when they chose black and white and silver and titanium,” says Lovelady, referring to 2011’s PowerBook G4. “We’re still dealing with those design elements 15 years later… The products will still continue to progress, but it’s a sort of consistency of approach.” Smartphones aren’t quite laptops; they’re an ever-present accessory rather than a day-job workhorse. But the extent to which they’re an expression of personal style often happens outside of the phone itself. There are cases, stickers, and more, a whole universe of third-party punctuations. “Apple said well, we don’t need to do that for you. You can take our base machine and do that,” says Lovelady. Apple doesn’t need to evolve the iPhone at the speed of fashion. It just needs to provide an appealing enough a palette for its customers. Selling the Sameness Keeping the iPhone’s exterior the same may make sense from a design perspective, but it still seem risky as a business tactic. After all, people want the latest and greatest. It’s not quite so simple as that, though. In this age of smartphone commoditization, looks aren’t everything to customers. They’re not even the main thing. “I feel we’ve reached a point in the smartphone market where I’m not necessarily going to say about the design of the hardware itself,” says Gartner research analyst Tuong Nguyen. “It’s what it can do for me in the broader sense.” Here, too, Apple has an apparent advantage. The company’s complete control over its hardware ecosystem means it can offer interoperability that may be more valuable than any given chamfer. It’s also a fallacy that by maintaining a consistent design, Apple is sitting a year out. “Apple needs to give iPhone 6 and 6s customers good reasons to upgrade,” says Current Analysis research director Avi Greengart. “That may come down to new features and services, even if the industrial design language does not change this year.” There’s also less pressure than ever for iPhone customers to upgrade with a two-year cycle. With two-year carrier contracts no longer dominant in the US, and smartphones generally having more staying power, people hold onto their phones a little longer. Not years and years more, says Nguyen, but now that people pay a hefty upfront fee for their phones, they take better care of them. Someone with an iPhone 6 won’t need to upgrade to an iPhone 7 next month. But if they want to, they’ll know what they’re getting. The Benefits of Boring When the iPhone 5 came out in 2012, a common complaint is that it was boring. It was bigger than its predecessor, the iPhone 4S, and ditched the rear glass. It was decidedly different, but it was still recognizably an iPhone. That alone made critics roll their eyes. Given that history, it’s safe to assume that the iPhone Apple announces next week will draw similar dismissals. It shouldn’t. “Boring for one person is consistent, and predictable, and comforting for another,” says Lovelady. “You’ve got to support such a wide range of expectations from consumers.” As it happens, consistent, predictable, and comforting are all stellar attributes for the device you use more than any other in your daily life. The iPhone isn’t anywhere near done evolving, but its outward appearance may have come close. “Unless something dramatic happens in technology, I wonder if they’ll really change their form factor on phones,” says Lovelady. After all, why would they? Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. apple iPhone iphone 7 smartphones Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Just Some of the Cool Gadgets We Spotted at CES 2017 Wired Staff Just Some of the Cool Gadgets We Spotted at CES 2017 14 hours Bitcoin Will Never Be a Currency—It’s Something Way Weirder Bitcoin Bitcoin Will Never Be a Currency—It’s Something Way Weirder 14 hours Mark Zuckerberg Is Sure Acting Like Someone Who Might Run for President social media Mark Zuckerberg Is Sure Acting Like Someone Who Might Run for President 2 days Feds’ Damning Report on Russian Election Hack Won’t Convince Skeptics Security Feds’ Damning Report on Russian Election Hack Won’t Convince Skeptics 3 hours Alexa Just Conquered CES. The World Is Next David Pierce Alexa Just Conquered CES. The World Is Next 15 hours Let’s Tackle a Classic, Wicked Physics Problem. It’ll Be Fun—Promise physics Let’s Tackle a Classic, Wicked Physics Problem. It’ll Be Fun—Promise 12 hours The World Just Moved One Step Closer To Cord-Cutter Utopia CES The World Just Moved One Step Closer To Cord-Cutter Utopia 15 hours More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Gear consumer tech This Is the Year Gadget Makers Finally Fix Battery Life 10 hours video Meet LG’s Adorable Voice-Activated Robot for Your Home 11 hours gadgets Carnival’s High-Tech Cruise Wearable Knows Your Every Need 2 days Wired Staff Just Some of the Cool Gadgets We Spotted at CES 2017 14 hours David Pierce Alexa Just Conquered CES. The World Is Next 15 hours Recommendations Delicious Non-Boozy Beer, Wine, and Spirits for Dry January 2 hours We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 7 hours Polaroid's new camera breathes new life into instant-print photos with the ability to add Snapchat-esque stickers wrd.cm/2iM0wR3 Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 7 hours Polaroid's new camera breathes new life into instant-print photos with the ability to add Snapchat-esque stickers wrd.cm/2iM0wR3 Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
null
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? Sign in My Account Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Psychic Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Technology Apple Technology When was Apple's MacBook event 2016? How to watch Tim Cook's October 27 keynote Tim Cook revealed a brand new MacBook Pro at the company's headquarters in Cupertino on October 27  Share  Comments ByJeff Parsons 16:05, 28 OCT 2016 Technology Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextApple unveiled name for their new operating system Watch this video again Watch Next Black Friday: 8 industry insider tips to secure t4:13 Genican bin bot will build your shopping list fro1:39 Faraday Future unveils super fast electric car - 1:00 Samsung release A3 and A5 series phones0:49 Ford ‘Hangover Suit’ highlights the risks of driv2:11 Researchers create a robot arm that can be contro1:00 Taxi dash cam captures the moment a DRIVERLESS Ub0:29 Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Apple has revealed its latest MacBook Pro at an invite-only event in California. Tim Cook took to the stage and revealed it was 25 years since the company unveiled its first ever laptop. There were little surprises as the Apple execs lined up to run through the features of the brand new 2016 MacBook Pro. The main draw was the new Touch Bar sensor that runs above the keyboard. It allows you to perform a variety of different tasks depending on what program you're running. This week's event marked a bit of a change in the Apple calendar - the last time it held an event in October was 2014 when it unveiled the iPad Air 2 and its newest iMac. Read More MacBook Pro 2016: Release date, specs, price, leaked images and latest rumours How to live stream the event The Apple keynote has finished but you'll be able to view the whole event back again on the company's special events page. You can watch it for yourself right here. Just remember, you'll need an Apple product to watch it - which means either a Mac or an iPhone or iPad. Read More Apple MacBook event RECAP: Tim Cook reveals 2016 Macbook Pro at October keynote What to expect from the new MacBook Pro Apple's invitation to its October 27 event (Photo: Apple) Read More MacBook Pro 2016 hands-on review The MacBook range has not been updated (with the exception of the refreshed 12-inch MacBook) since last year. So it's refreshing to see a brand new design and a completely reworked version of the machine. The new MacBook Pro will come in 13 and 15-inch sizes, and silver and space grey colour finishes. Apple claims they are the thinnest and lightest laptops it has ever made. Read More Both models have a new Force Touch trackpad and feature TouchID - the fingerprint reader also on iPhones - meaning you can sign into websites and pay for items with Apple Pay. However, the stand-out feature is a new OLED touchpad above the keyboard that Apple is calling a Touch Bar, which can be can be customised depending on how you want to use it. Read More Apple reveals UK price of new MacBook Pro Read More Apple MacBook Pro New MacBook Pro 2016 release date How to watch October 27 keynote MacBook Pro UK price and touch bar MacBook Pro event RECAP MacBook Pro hands-on review MacBook Pro latest news MacBook latest news and rumours Best refurbished MacBook Pro deals When will the new MacBook Pro be available? Apple opened pre-orders for the new MacBook immediately after the event concluded. Although the shipping will take three weeks, there's no reason you can't go and buy yourself a shiny new computer right now. Read More Apple's 32GB iPhone 7 is EIGHT times slower than the 128GB model No new iPads An attendee looks at the new 9.7" iPad Pro (Photo: Getty) Apple decided not to update or refresh its iPad range at the October 27 event. Therefore, we'll have to wait until 2017 before we see any new versions of the tablet. New MacBook from Apple View gallery Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Apple MacBook iPad iPhone iWatch MacBook Pro Technology all Most Read Most Recent New YearPokémon Go Gen 2 update and latest news for 2017 - Legendary could be coming soon There's a few issues with the Gen 2 egg update, but hold fire the Legendaries are on their way in Pokémon Go WhatsAppIs WhatsApp going to start charging in 2017? Hoax dupes users into believing they will have to pay for messages If you've received a message telling you how to avoid billing charges, it's a scam - here's what to do DatingFacebook knows you're single - and it's nothing to do with your relationship status Something telling happens to Facebook users once they start dating someone else Video GamesReturn of the Game Boy? Classic Nintendo console to rise from the dead as Super Retro Boy The handheld console plays Game Boy, Game Boy Color and Game Boy Advance cartridges iPhone 8iPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone Apple only just launched its iPhone 7 a few months ago, but many eyes are already turning to next year's model, the iPhone 8, which is expected to be Apple's biggest launch in years Video GamesReturn of the Game Boy? Classic Nintendo console to rise from the dead as Super Retro Boy The handheld console plays Game Boy, Game Boy Color and Game Boy Advance cartridges Tim CookApple boss Tim Cook earns £117MILLION a year - despite firms failing to meet targets The boss salary and basic bonus came in at £7.1million, down on 2015’s £8.3million CESThis smart wristband keeps track of your drinking on a night out - and tells you if you're safe to drive The band comes complete with "time to sober" readings and alerts CarsMost futuristic cars of CES 2017 - from the driverless to the pure insane These are the futuristic cars coming to make the roads gorgeous soon iPhone 8iPhone 8 could ship without a single port or socket as Apple sets its sights on wireless charging After ditching the headphone jack in 2016, Apple's next iPhone could ship without a charging port Most Read Most Recent CrimeFort Lauderdale Airport shooting suspect named as Esteban Santiago-Ruiz: what we know so far Senator Bill Nelson named the shooter as Esteban Santiago-Ruiz, on the basis of military identification found at the scene in Fort Lauderdale CrimeHorrific footage of Fort Lauderdale Airport shooting aftermath shows screaming passengers as five people killed WARNING GRAPHIC FOOTAGE: "The casings went flying all around us," one woman says as she walks towards the camera shootingFlorida airport shooting: Five dead and eight others injured after gunman opens fire in baggage claim At least 13 people were shot during the terrifying incident at Fort Lauderdale Airport in Florida, officials say January transfer windowTransfer news LIVE: Manchester United, Arsenal, Liverpool, Chelsea latest from the January window Follow our live blog throughout the day as we bring you all the latest news and rumours from the Premier League and beyond Mick PhilpottBody language experts reveal how they knew child-killer Mick Philpott was lying about his guilt "Shameless Mick" betrayed telltale signs of deceit as he broke down at a press appeal over the Derby blaze, according to professors who studied footage George MichaelFans wear George Michael masks as they pay tribute to singer at Club Tropicana Beach Club Hundreds of fans went along to a party at the club named after Wham! classic Club Tropicana CrimeFirst picture of Fort Lauderdale Airport shooting suspect Esteban Santiago-Ruiz Esteban Santiago-Ruiz has been named as the suspected shooter after five were killed and eight injured during a rampage at a Florida airport Coronation StreetCoronation Street star Jennie McAlpine surprises fans by MARRYING long-term partner Chris Farr in secret ceremony The actress shared her secret with a picture of the pair wearing wedding rings January transfer windowTransfer news LIVE: Manchester United, Arsenal, Liverpool, Chelsea latest from the January window Follow our live blog throughout the day as we bring you all the latest news and rumours from the Premier League and beyond West Ham United FCWest Ham 0-5 Manchester City player ratings: Which Hammers score a THREE after FA Cup humiliation? Our man Darren Lewis was at the London Stadium - and he was not impressed with Slaven Bilic's hapless Hammers as City got back to winning ways in style Top Stories George MichaelGeorge Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz quizzed by cops for second time for five hours over tragic singer's final hours Fadi said police had been "amazing"  after two plain-clothed officers questioned him and took his statement Jeremy CorbynTory comedian Jim Davidson wishes Jeremy Corbyn DEAD in sick gag The controversial comic, a devoted Conservative voter, joked that he hopes the Labour leader follows the lead of so many celebrities last year and dies in the coming year CrimeFootage of Fort Lauderdale Airport shooting aftermath shows screaming passengers as five people killed WARNING GRAPHIC FOOTAGE: "The casings went flying all around us," one woman says as she walks towards the camera George MichaelThe 7 key questions George Michael's lover Fadi Fawz has to answer The fine art photographer has been quizzed by police for five hours about the circumstances surrounding the tragic singer's death SnowBritain colder than Arctic Circle as snow forecast for next week Thermometers will start to rise across the country tomorrow with highs of around 10C (50F) in the south and 8C further north John F. KennedyWas Lee Harvey Oswald's killer Jack Ruby injected with cancer to stop him revealing who really shot JFK? This week marks the 50th anniversary of the death of Jack Ruby, who shot dead Oswald and carried his story to the grave AnimalsWoman left starving dogs to die in pain surrounded by faeces in "horrendous" case of animal neglect WARNING: Distressing content. Andrea Davies, 23, has been banned for life from keeping animals over her treatment of male crossbreed dogs Koda and Hachi EuromillionsEuroMillions results: Tonight's winning numbers for £31 million jackpot on Friday, January 6 Tonight's estimated jackpot could net you a life-changing sum - but have you just become a multi-millionaire? Check your numbers here... InquestsDoting dad-of-four took his own life amid struggle with depression after string of family tragedies Jamie Swallow, 36, turned to drugs to cope with his mental health problems amid his devastation at losing his gran, uncle and a cousin he grew up with RyanairDisabled passenger slams Ryanair after he was charged £30 for extra legroom 'because he's not in wheelchair' Jordan Hamilton, 19, suffers from a genetic condition which causes his limbs to grow abnormally long CrimeBoy, 15, in court charged with manslaughter of 'hard working' Polish man Arkadiusz Jozwik was attacked outside a row of takeaway shops in Harlow, Essex Manchester United FCManchester United FA Cup squad revealed as players arrive at Lowry hotel ahead of Reading clash Skipper Wayne Rooney will start for the Red Devils and arrived a couple of hours before his teammates, while Sergio Romero will play in goal News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Welcome to Rappler, please select your default country:   Philippines   Indonesia Go! PhilippinesIndonesia Jobs Coupons   Rappler Shop Login to Rappler Login to Rappler using your social account: Already have a Rappler Account? Login or Register to create one. Home News Philippines #PHvote 2016 World #BalikBayan Science & Nature Video Newscast Shows Reports Documentary Specials Business Economy Brighter Life Industries Money Features Specials Newsbreak Investigative In-depth Rappler IQ Inside Track Flashback Rich Media MovePH Issues #Agos #BudgetWatch #HungerProject Community IMHO Views Thought Leaders iSpeak Rappler Blogs #AnimatED Life & Style Food Career Travel Specials #PugadBaboy Entertainment Entertainment News Movies Music Special Coverage Sports Boxing Basketball Football Other Sports University Sports Tech News Features Reviews Hands on Social Media BrandRap Finance & Industries Health & Self Lifestyle Tech & Innovation Advertise X Jobs Coupons Rappler Shop News Philippines #PHvote 2016 World #BalikBayan Science & Nature Video Newscast Shows Reports Documentary Specials Business Economy Brighter Life Industries Money Features Specials Newsbreak Investigative In-depth Rappler IQ Inside Track Flashback Rich Media MovePH Issues #Agos #BudgetWatch #HungerProject Community IMHO Views Thought Leaders iSpeak Rappler Blogs #AnimatED Life & Style Food Career Travel Specials #PugadBaboy Entertainment Entertainment News Movies Music Special Coverage Sports Boxing Basketball Football Other Sports University Sports Tech News Features Reviews Hands on Social Media BrandRap Finance & Industries Health & Self Lifestyle Tech & Innovation Advertise X ABOUT RAPPLER Welcome to Rappler, a social news network where stories inspire community engagement and digitally fuelled actions for social change. Rappler comes from the root words "rap" (to discuss) + "ripple" (to make waves). Read more Rappler's 2013 Board Privacy Statement Contact Us Rappler's Founding Board Terms of Use Advertise With Us Rappler Team Rappler Indonesia Team Comment Moderation Policy Archives Job Openings OTHER CONTENT #PHVote 2016 • Philippine News • Weather Forecast Philippines • Pugad Baboy • Typhoon Haiyan (Yolanda) • Pork Barrel Scam • Disaster Preparedness • Disaster Response • Disaster Recovery • Manny Pacquiao • The Hunger Project • Travel Philippines • UAAP • FOI bill • Charter Change • Indonesia News • Gilas Pilipinas • Jejomar Binay • Makati City • #ProjectAgos • Typhoon Ruby (Hagupit) • AirAsia flight QZ8501 • Pope Francis Quotes • Miss Universe• Facebook down • Travel in the Philippines • Places to visit in the Philippines • Philippine holidays • Join the #PHVote Challenge! Go! LATEST NEWS Taiwan president heads to U.S. as Beijing watches Asia Pacific Mocha Uson to bring 'different perspective' to MTRCB – Pimentel Entertainment News 5 dead in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting U.S. & Canada Trump says hacking had 'no effect' on his election U.S. & Canada 5 reasons the gold shipment complaint vs Aquino is a joke Inside Track WATCH: Paulina Sotto, Jed Llanes' wedding video Entertainment News Two US astronauts on spacewalk to upgrade ISS Earth & Space Memadukan kebudayaan Jepang dan Indonesia lewat 'Secret Sky' Gaya Hidup New grisly Brazil prison massacre kills 31 Latin America Akibat pesawat rusak, puluhan jemaah umrah Indonesia terlantar di Jeddah Berita View more stories Tech News Apple hit with record 13 billion euro Irish tax bill (UPDATED) Ireland says it will appeal against the decision and Apple is also expected to challenge it Agence France-Presse @afp Published 6:20 PM, August 30, 2016 Updated 6:34 PM, August 30, 2016 APPLE. This file photo taken on June 13, 2016 shows the Apple logo displayed on a screen at Apple's annual Worldwide Developers Conference presentation at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco, California. File photo by Barielle Lurie/AFP BRUSSELS, Belgium (UPDATED) – The European Union on Tuesday, August 30, ordered Apple to pay a record 13 billion euros in back taxes in Ireland, saying deals allowing the US tech giant to pay almost no tax were illegal. In a ruling that is set to anger Washington, the European Commission said the world's most valuable company avoided tax bills on almost all its profits in the bloc under the arrangements with the Irish government. Ireland has been seeking to attract US multinationals by offering extremely favourable tax conditions, known as sweetheart deals. "The Commission's investigation concluded that Ireland granted illegal tax benefits to Apple, which enabled it to pay substantially less tax than other businesses over many years," EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said. "In fact, this selective treatment allowed Apple to pay an effective corporate tax rate of one per cent on its European profits in 2003 down to 0.005 per cent in 2014," she said in a statement. Ireland immediately said it would appeal against the decision and Apple is also expected to challenge it. "I disagree profoundly with the Commission's decision," Irish Finance Minister Michael Noonan said in a statement. "The decision leaves me with no choice but to seek cabinet approval to appeal the decision before the European Courts." The tax repayment order, by far the largest in the EU's history, follows a three-year inquiry into whether Dublin's tax breaks for Silicon Valley titan Apple amount to illegal state aid. Apple has had a base at the southern city of Cork since 1980 and employs 5,000 people in Ireland, through which it routes its international sales, avoiding billions in corporation taxes. Apple CEO Tim Cook, in a Washington Post interview published August 13, said he hoped to "get a fair hearing" on the matter. "If we don't, then we would obviously appeal it," he added. 'No bias against US' The US stepped up its fight last Wednesday against the commission's crackdown on tax avoidance by Apple and other multinational companies, accusing it of unilateralism and overstepping its mandate. In a white paper, the US Treasury said the commission probe into alleged special tax treatment that certain EU countries gave Apple, Amazon, Starbucks and Fiat Chrysler "undermines the international tax system." The EU has made taxes a core issue since the LuxLeaks scandal in which it was revealed that European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker's native Luxembourg gave companies huge tax breaks while he was prime minister. In October Brussels ordered US coffee giant Starbucks and Italian automaker Fiat to each repay up to 30 million euros ($34 million) in back taxes to the Netherlands and Luxembourg respectively. The US has acknowledged the problems around the issue of multinational firms obtaining state aid, in the form of secret and extremely lucrative tax breaks, from Ireland, Belgium and Luxembourg for setting up business in those countries. But it said those deals were made under international treaties and accepted tax practices. Last week the European Commission denied it was targeting US companies in particular and said that EU rules do not allow national tax authorities to give tax breaks to some companies that are not available to others. "There is no bias against US companies," it said in a statement. Washington has also expressed concern about EU anti-trust cases targeting tech giant Google alleging that it has unfairly suppressed competition. – Rappler.com Filed under:European Union•Ireland•Margrethe Vestager•Michael Noonan•Tim Cook•tax deals•Apple HOW DOES THIS STORY MAKE YOU FEEL? Happy Sad Angry Don't Care Inspired Afraid Amused Annoyed Back These stories made other people Check them out! × Would you like to share your vote? ABOUT RAPPLER Welcome to Rappler, a social news network where stories inspire community engagement and digitally fuelled actions for social change. Rappler comes from the root words "rap" (to discuss) + "ripple" (to make waves). Read more Rappler's Founding Board Rappler's 2014-2016 Board Rappler Team Rappler Indonesia Team Job Openings Archives X Join The #PHVote Challenge! Privacy statement Terms of Use Comment moderation Policy Advertise With Us Contact Us SECTIONS #PHvote 2016 News Video Business Newsbreak MovePH Views Life & Style Entertainment Sports Tech Live BrandRap Weather in the Philippines Disasters Travel destinations Coupons Jobs COMMUNITY Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Storify Flickr Instagram Android iOS Windows × Log In with your Rappler Account Email: Password: Cancel Submit × Register for a RAPPLER Account Fields with * are required. Thank You. View your profile page here OR Click close to continue. Email: Password: First Name: Last Name: Birthday: (YYYY-MM-DD) City/Municipality: Province: Gender: Select gender Male Female Contact Number: School/Work: Subscriptions I want to subscribe to the Rappler daily wRap I want to be a Project Agos volunteer Terms & Conditions I agree to the Rappler terms and conditions below: Privacy Statement Site Use Policy Comment Moderation Policy Cancel Submit × Update your information Fields with * are required. Thank You. You have successfully updated your account. First Name: Last Name: Email: Birthday: (YYYY-MM-DD) City/Municipality: Province: Gender: Select gender Male Female Contact Number: School/Work: Cancel Submit
Welcome to Rappler, please select your default country:   Philippines   Indonesia Go! PhilippinesIndonesia Jobs Coupons   Rappler Shop Login to Rappler Login to Rappler using your social account: Already have a Rappler Account? Login or Register to create one. Home News Philippines #PHvote 2016 World #BalikBayan Science & Nature Video Newscast Shows Reports Documentary Specials Business Economy Brighter Life Industries Money Features Specials Newsbreak Investigative In-depth Rappler IQ Inside Track Flashback Rich Media MovePH Issues #Agos #BudgetWatch #HungerProject Community IMHO Views Thought Leaders iSpeak Rappler Blogs #AnimatED Life & Style Food Career Travel Specials #PugadBaboy Entertainment Entertainment News Movies Music Special Coverage Sports Boxing Basketball Football Other Sports University Sports Tech News Features Reviews Hands on Social Media BrandRap Finance & Industries Health & Self Lifestyle Tech & Innovation Advertise X Jobs Coupons Rappler Shop News Philippines #PHvote 2016 World #BalikBayan Science & Nature Video Newscast Shows Reports Documentary Specials Business Economy Brighter Life Industries Money Features Specials Newsbreak Investigative In-depth Rappler IQ Inside Track Flashback Rich Media MovePH Issues #Agos #BudgetWatch #HungerProject Community IMHO Views Thought Leaders iSpeak Rappler Blogs #AnimatED Life & Style Food Career Travel Specials #PugadBaboy Entertainment Entertainment News Movies Music Special Coverage Sports Boxing Basketball Football Other Sports University Sports Tech News Features Reviews Hands on Social Media BrandRap Finance & Industries Health & Self Lifestyle Tech & Innovation Advertise X ABOUT RAPPLER Welcome to Rappler, a social news network where stories inspire community engagement and digitally fuelled actions for social change. Rappler comes from the root words "rap" (to discuss) + "ripple" (to make waves). Read more Rappler's 2013 Board Privacy Statement Contact Us Rappler's Founding Board Terms of Use Advertise With Us Rappler Team Rappler Indonesia Team Comment Moderation Policy Archives Job Openings OTHER CONTENT #PHVote 2016 • Philippine News • Weather Forecast Philippines • Pugad Baboy • Typhoon Haiyan (Yolanda) • Pork Barrel Scam • Disaster Preparedness • Disaster Response • Disaster Recovery • Manny Pacquiao • The Hunger Project • Travel Philippines • UAAP • FOI bill • Charter Change • Indonesia News • Gilas Pilipinas • Jejomar Binay • Makati City • #ProjectAgos • Typhoon Ruby (Hagupit) • AirAsia flight QZ8501 • Pope Francis Quotes • Miss Universe• Facebook down • Travel in the Philippines • Places to visit in the Philippines • Philippine holidays • Join the #PHVote Challenge! Go! LATEST NEWS Taiwan president heads to U.S. as Beijing watches Asia Pacific Mocha Uson to bring 'different perspective' to MTRCB – Pimentel Entertainment News 5 dead in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting U.S. & Canada Trump says hacking had 'no effect' on his election U.S. & Canada 5 reasons the gold shipment complaint vs Aquino is a joke Inside Track WATCH: Paulina Sotto, Jed Llanes' wedding video Entertainment News Two US astronauts on spacewalk to upgrade ISS Earth & Space Memadukan kebudayaan Jepang dan Indonesia lewat 'Secret Sky' Gaya Hidup New grisly Brazil prison massacre kills 31 Latin America Akibat pesawat rusak, puluhan jemaah umrah Indonesia terlantar di Jeddah Berita View more stories Tech News Apple sued over iPhone 6 touch-screen freezes Apple faces a lawsuit for allegedly concealing a design flaw that causes iPhone touchscreens to fail Agence France-Presse @afp Published 7:33 PM, August 30, 2016 Updated 7:33 PM, August 30, 2016 FREEZE. A lawsuit accuses Apple of allowing a design flaw go unaddressed. File photo by Justin Sullivan/AFP SAN FRANCISCO, US – A lawsuit filed in Silicon Valley federal court over the weekend accuses Apple of knowingly selling defective iPhone 6 models with screens that stop responding to touch. Attorneys representing the three Apple smartphone owners named as plaintiffs in the litigation asked that the case be granted class-action status to represent anyone in the United States who has bought an iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus. "This action arises from Apple's concealment of a material design defect that causes the touchscreens on the iPhones to become unresponsive and fail for their essential purpose as smartphones," the civil complaint contended. The lawsuit accused Apple of refusing to repair iPhones free of charge despite knowing that a design flaw was a fault. Apple did not respond to an AFP request for comment. According to the lawsuit, chips that handle touchscreen input were not properly secured to logic boards and failed under normal wear-and-tear. "The Internet is replete with examples of blogs and other websites where consumers have complained of the exact same Touchscreen Defect within the iPhones," the complaint maintained. The lawsuit accuses Apple of a litany of violations including fraud and breach of implied warranty, and goes on to demand unspecified cash damages along with attorneys fees. Damages sought in the suit include having the court order Apple to repair, recall, and/or replace the iPhones at issue. – Rappler.com Filed under:Silicon Valley•iPhone•lawsuits•Apple HOW DOES THIS STORY MAKE YOU FEEL? Happy Sad Angry Don't Care Inspired Afraid Amused Annoyed Back These stories made other people Check them out! × Would you like to share your vote? ABOUT RAPPLER Welcome to Rappler, a social news network where stories inspire community engagement and digitally fuelled actions for social change. Rappler comes from the root words "rap" (to discuss) + "ripple" (to make waves). Read more Rappler's Founding Board Rappler's 2014-2016 Board Rappler Team Rappler Indonesia Team Job Openings Archives X Join The #PHVote Challenge! Privacy statement Terms of Use Comment moderation Policy Advertise With Us Contact Us SECTIONS #PHvote 2016 News Video Business Newsbreak MovePH Views Life & Style Entertainment Sports Tech Live BrandRap Weather in the Philippines Disasters Travel destinations Coupons Jobs COMMUNITY Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Storify Flickr Instagram Android iOS Windows × Log In with your Rappler Account Email: Password: Cancel Submit × Register for a RAPPLER Account Fields with * are required. Thank You. View your profile page here OR Click close to continue. Email: Password: First Name: Last Name: Birthday: (YYYY-MM-DD) City/Municipality: Province: Gender: Select gender Male Female Contact Number: School/Work: Subscriptions I want to subscribe to the Rappler daily wRap I want to be a Project Agos volunteer Terms & Conditions I agree to the Rappler terms and conditions below: Privacy Statement Site Use Policy Comment Moderation Policy Cancel Submit × Update your information Fields with * are required. Thank You. You have successfully updated your account. First Name: Last Name: Email: Birthday: (YYYY-MM-DD) City/Municipality: Province: Gender: Select gender Male Female Contact Number: School/Work: Cancel Submit
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Meet the Coolpad Conjr, a $180 USD smartphone with some neat tricks January 5, 2017 Poll: What are your thoughts on the design of the BlackBerry ‘Mercury’? January 5, 2017 Galaxy S8 design potentially leaks in new photo January 5, 2017 ZTE pushes forward on the same strategy with new devices January 5, 2017 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Google’s 64GB Pixel C tablet is $100 off on the Google Store until January 7th January 4, 2017 Samsung announces Chromebook Plus and Chromebook Pro with stylus and pre-installed Google Play January 4, 2017 Microsoft Canada announces Holiday Super Sale December 17, 2016 Global tablet shipments rebound after years of sweeping decline, says report December 6, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fossil to increase its wearables line to over 300 products in 2017 January 5, 2017 Montreal-based Mighty Cast introduces Nex Evolution modular smart band for $79.99 USD January 5, 2017 Samsung has shipped over 5 million Gear VR headsets, 10 million hours of video viewed January 5, 2017 HTC reveals an upgraded strap and new tracking device for the Vive January 5, 2017 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Linksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future January 5, 2017 Google Assistant is coming to Android TV devices in 2017 January 5, 2017 Tesla begins battery production for Model 3 and more at its Gigafactory January 4, 2017 Wish your MacBook had a touchscreen? Then buy this $99 gadget January 4, 2017 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive University of Waterloo research team help build Renesas autonomous car January 4, 2017 BlackBerry reveals embedded software platform for autonomous and connected cars January 4, 2017 Fiat-Chrysler’s new concept car is targeting millennials and their mobile thirsts January 4, 2017 Amazon is the tech giant to watch for furthering driverless technology January 3, 2017 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps New Years 2017 was the App Store’s biggest sales day ever with over $240M in earnings January 5, 2017 Vine will shut down on January 17 and transition into a camera app January 5, 2017 Canadians can now download Megaman 1 – 6 on Android and iOS January 5, 2017 4 ways to bolster your cyber security in the New Year January 3, 2017 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Rogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ January 2, 2017 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week January 1, 2017 Minister of Transport approves Santa to operate sleigh in Canada, reminds him to put away cellphone while driving December 23, 2016 Videotron’s Unlimited Music service adds SoundCloud to its catalogue December 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans Rogers confirms its Roam Like Home service no longer requires a Share Everything plan December 19, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 27, 2016 CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Android 7.1.1 update begins for Nexus 6 with the arrival of images and OTA files January 5, 2017 TCL to launch smart home monitoring kit in March 2017 January 5, 2017 LG’s new 4K OLED TV is thinner than most smartphones, must be wall-mounted January 4, 2017 Samsung apologizes for 2016, promises to continue innovating January 4, 2017 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones HTC 10, six months later December 27, 2016 OnePlus 3T Mini Review: Victory lap December 17, 2016 Huawei Nova Plus review: A solid mid-range Android for the right price December 14, 2016 Alcatel Idol 4 Review: Mid-range standout December 7, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Oculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match December 5, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Linksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future January 5, 2017 Native Union’s Dock+ charging stand review: High-end charging December 10, 2016 AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Nissan to integrate Cortana into connected cars January 5, 2017 In-car video streaming options are poised to grow January 3, 2017 2017 Lexus RX infotainment review: Staying the course December 28, 2016 2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connected car November 26, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Twitter signs exclusive deal to livestream 31 PGA tournaments this year January 5, 2017 Super Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing December 19, 2016 PlayStation 4 Pro Review: Generational sidestep December 9, 2016 Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest ZTE pushes forward on the same strategy with new devices January 5, 2017 CES Unveiled previews 2017’s emerging technology trends January 4, 2017 BlackBerry details partnership with TCL and reveals upcoming ‘Mercury’ smartphone January 4, 2017 A look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR January 4, 2017 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 101: Looking back on 2016 December 30, 2016 SyrupCast Podcast 100: Ghosts of Christmas past December 16, 2016 SyrupCast Podcast 99: Goodnight Pebble December 9, 2016 SyrupCast Podcast 98: What’s going on with Google’s Pixel? December 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Every Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones December 29, 2016 Why I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro four thirds camera December 10, 2016 Can Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? November 30, 2016 Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Bring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] January 1, 2017 Make your New Years resolution ‘Drink more beer’ with Untappd [App of the Week] December 31, 2016 Never miss a celebration with Bizarre Holiday Calendar [App of the Week] December 24, 2016 RollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game on mobile [Game of the Week] December 24, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's 4 ways to bolster your cyber security in the New Year January 3, 2017 How to upgrade from Windows Phone 8.1 to Windows 10 Mobile December 17, 2016 Canadian streaming app comparison: Netflix, CraveTV, Amazon Prime Video, Club Illico December 14, 2016 Amazon Prime Video in Canada: Complete TV and movie list December 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Meet the Coolpad Conjr, a $180 USD smartphone with some neat tricks January 5, 2017 Poll: What are your thoughts on the design of the BlackBerry ‘Mercury’? January 5, 2017 Galaxy S8 design potentially leaks in new photo January 5, 2017 ZTE pushes forward on the same strategy with new devices January 5, 2017 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Google’s 64GB Pixel C tablet is $100 off on the Google Store until January 7th January 4, 2017 Samsung announces Chromebook Plus and Chromebook Pro with stylus and pre-installed Google Play January 4, 2017 Microsoft Canada announces Holiday Super Sale December 17, 2016 Global tablet shipments rebound after years of sweeping decline, says report December 6, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fossil to increase its wearables line to over 300 products in 2017 January 5, 2017 Montreal-based Mighty Cast introduces Nex Evolution modular smart band for $79.99 USD January 5, 2017 Samsung has shipped over 5 million Gear VR headsets, 10 million hours of video viewed January 5, 2017 HTC reveals an upgraded strap and new tracking device for the Vive January 5, 2017 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Linksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future January 5, 2017 Google Assistant is coming to Android TV devices in 2017 January 5, 2017 Tesla begins battery production for Model 3 and more at its Gigafactory January 4, 2017 Wish your MacBook had a touchscreen? Then buy this $99 gadget January 4, 2017 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive University of Waterloo research team help build Renesas autonomous car January 4, 2017 BlackBerry reveals embedded software platform for autonomous and connected cars January 4, 2017 Fiat-Chrysler’s new concept car is targeting millennials and their mobile thirsts January 4, 2017 Amazon is the tech giant to watch for furthering driverless technology January 3, 2017 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps New Years 2017 was the App Store’s biggest sales day ever with over $240M in earnings January 5, 2017 Vine will shut down on January 17 and transition into a camera app January 5, 2017 Canadians can now download Megaman 1 – 6 on Android and iOS January 5, 2017 4 ways to bolster your cyber security in the New Year January 3, 2017 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Rogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ January 2, 2017 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week January 1, 2017 Minister of Transport approves Santa to operate sleigh in Canada, reminds him to put away cellphone while driving December 23, 2016 Videotron’s Unlimited Music service adds SoundCloud to its catalogue December 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans Rogers confirms its Roam Like Home service no longer requires a Share Everything plan December 19, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 27, 2016 CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Android 7.1.1 update begins for Nexus 6 with the arrival of images and OTA files January 5, 2017 TCL to launch smart home monitoring kit in March 2017 January 5, 2017 LG’s new 4K OLED TV is thinner than most smartphones, must be wall-mounted January 4, 2017 Samsung apologizes for 2016, promises to continue innovating January 4, 2017 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones HTC 10, six months later December 27, 2016 OnePlus 3T Mini Review: Victory lap December 17, 2016 Huawei Nova Plus review: A solid mid-range Android for the right price December 14, 2016 Alcatel Idol 4 Review: Mid-range standout December 7, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Oculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match December 5, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Linksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future January 5, 2017 Native Union’s Dock+ charging stand review: High-end charging December 10, 2016 AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Nissan to integrate Cortana into connected cars January 5, 2017 In-car video streaming options are poised to grow January 3, 2017 2017 Lexus RX infotainment review: Staying the course December 28, 2016 2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connected car November 26, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Twitter signs exclusive deal to livestream 31 PGA tournaments this year January 5, 2017 Super Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing December 19, 2016 PlayStation 4 Pro Review: Generational sidestep December 9, 2016 Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest ZTE pushes forward on the same strategy with new devices January 5, 2017 CES Unveiled previews 2017’s emerging technology trends January 4, 2017 BlackBerry details partnership with TCL and reveals upcoming ‘Mercury’ smartphone January 4, 2017 A look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR January 4, 2017 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 101: Looking back on 2016 December 30, 2016 SyrupCast Podcast 100: Ghosts of Christmas past December 16, 2016 SyrupCast Podcast 99: Goodnight Pebble December 9, 2016 SyrupCast Podcast 98: What’s going on with Google’s Pixel? December 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Every Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones December 29, 2016 Why I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro four thirds camera December 10, 2016 Can Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? November 30, 2016 Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Bring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] January 1, 2017 Make your New Years resolution ‘Drink more beer’ with Untappd [App of the Week] December 31, 2016 Never miss a celebration with Bizarre Holiday Calendar [App of the Week] December 24, 2016 RollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game on mobile [Game of the Week] December 24, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's 4 ways to bolster your cyber security in the New Year January 3, 2017 How to upgrade from Windows Phone 8.1 to Windows 10 Mobile December 17, 2016 Canadian streaming app comparison: Netflix, CraveTV, Amazon Prime Video, Club Illico December 14, 2016 Amazon Prime Video in Canada: Complete TV and movie list December 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close SpaceX Launch destroys Mark Zuckerberg’s wireless internet satellite Wireless HTC Vive adapter is reportedly already in development Ireland appeals European Commission’s ruling in Apple tax case Rose Behar September 2, 2016 7:14pm In a unanimous but tense vote, Ireland’s government has decided to appeal the European Commission’s recent ruling that saw Apple handed a $14.5 billion fee over tax breaks that were found to be unfairly advantageous over other companies. “I believe that there are some very important principles at stake in this case and that a robust legal challenge before the courts is essential to defend Ireland’s interests,” Michael Noonan, Ireland’s finance minister, said in a statement to The New York Times. “We need to ensure that Ireland’s corporation tax code meets these new standards while remaining competitive,” Noonan added, referencing a worldwide push by governments worldwide to simplify and restrict the practices used by companies to reduce tax payments. Apple CEO Tim Cook, however, argued in an open letter that while Apple is a great supporter of international tax reform to promote “simplicity” and “clarity,” new rules shouldn’t be applied retroactively. He also told Irish broadcaster RTE that, “The finding is wrongheaded. It’s not true: There wasn’t a special deal between Ireland and Apple.” Meanwhile, Margrethe Vestager, Europe’s top competition official defended the ruling, stating, “All of us benefit when businesses pay their fair share of tax. It’s not in the interest of the individuals and businesses who do pay tax, if others aren’t paying their share.” Both appeals are expected to take several years. Apple says it is setting aside the money in an escrow account if its appeal eventually fails. Related: European Union slaps Apple with $14.5 billion USD in fees after ten years of Irish tax breaks SourceThe New York Times   Do Do So, if were a tax payer in Ireland I think I’d be a little peeved at my government. What, you don’t want 14 billion or so that is owed to you. Special deal? what? TrickyDickie So old Timmy has changed his tune now? “Ok, we did it, but we shouldn’t have to pay it back” WTF?! It’s Me That’s not what anyone, anywhere reported. Not even close really. fmradio68 Meanwhile the average Joe in Ireland and other businesses have to pay their fair share. It’s Me The average taxpayer might look and see that Apple is the largest corporate tax payer (or close to) in Ireland and employees many thousands of people there directly and more indirectly. Do Do That doesn’t make it fair that Apple isn’t paying their fair share of taxes and 6000 isn’t small but still, it’s not enough that they should be allowed to get away with not paying what they owe, if they owe it. If they owe the money, they owe the money, Fighting it just makes them look like gluttons and disrespectful of the Irish taxpayers to me. Again, if they owe it according to the laws that were in place. It’s Me Apple paid what they were asked to pay. And, it’s Ireland that is fighting this (as well as Apple). It’s as simple as that. Say you paid you taxes for the last 10 years, exactly as you were asked to. If Justin came in and said, “oh well, I don’t think Steve was charging enough in taxes, so we’re raising rates. Oh, also, we’re going to charge you those new rates back on your last 10 years too”, no one would think that was right. You may not like how much Apple paid, but they paid what they owed and what they were asked. For a new level of government to come in and say they should have paid more, when even the government they actually paid says no, it’s laughable. Do Do Well your analogy isn’t exactly accurate and keep in mind, I’m only suggesting that if they didn’t pay their fair share that they should, not that I think they didn’t according to the law. I do think most corporations don’t pay enough but that’s another story. Anyway, if Ireland didn’t collect as much as the needed to and they were obligated to as far as the EU suggested then I think they have to pay, and pay from as far back as whatever rules dictate. If the money is owed and somebody conveniently claims ignorance, that’s not an excuse that’s going to work. Certainly doesn’t work for most people….unless your name is Hillary I guess. It’s Me Nothing to do with fair. Has to do with what was expected by law. The EU had no jurisdiction at the time Ireland provided the tax rate. Now, as a supra-national entity they are saying that their authority no only trumps Ireland’s sovereignty now but also retroactively. It is very similar to a new government deciding you should have paid more in the past, in order to be fair. Magic18 The money goes to EU, not Ireland It’s Me Umm, no, it’s paid to Ireland…who is fighting against accepting it. http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-08-30/apple-s-14-5-billion-eu-tax-ruling-what-you-need-to-know Who receives the money if Apple ends up paying? The money gets paid to Ireland, which puts those funds into an escrow account and leaves it there until any appeal process has fully concluded. Why might Ireland not want this money? Because Ireland says it did nothing wrong in the first place. And the risk of damage to Ireland’s attractiveness to multinationals may cost it much more in the long term through lost foreign investment than it will gain out of Europe’s ruling today. They’ll be going after google and others next. Ipse I’m gunna slap my accountant for not being able to put me in the 0.001% bracket. gommer strike Well it’s nice to see that Ireland is on Apple’s side in this. But of course they are. Why wouldn’t they be? It’s Me They stand to gain an extra $14.5 billion they never asked for is one reason for them not to side with Apple. Potentially even more if Apple loses and they go after Google and Chrysler and Starbucks, etc. gommer strike You have a point. I was thinking more along the lines of…Ireland could choose to stand back and say “hey hey don’t look at us, we’re just the country here” and stay completely out of it – they’re making $$ of if this anyways. Or they could choose to(as they have) to defend Apple because hey…what’s the cost of one lawyer, vs all that money pouring into their coffers(yes it’s not theirs, but surely they stand to gain a pretty penny from those transactions). Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2017 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Internet Find the best deals on refurbished Apple products Find the best deals on refurbished Apple products No more trolling Apple's clearance page for deals; RefurbMe finds even more products and alerts you when they're in stock. Internet by Rick Broida August 29, 2016 3:05 PM PDT @cheapskateblog Up Next Putin ordered campaign to influence US election, say intel agencies Think there's no such thing as a deal on Apple products? Think again. I'm on record as saying that when you shop for Apple gear, you should almost always look for refurbished options. That's because Apple routinely offers computers, tablets and other stuff for less than the price of new. Ah, but what if you're looking for a refurbished iPhone? You won't find those in Apple's outlet store. And what if you're looking for a particular model or configuration not offered by Apple proper? How can you find third-party deals on refurbs? Enlarge Image RefurbMe aggregates listings for refurbished Apple products and helps you find items not available from Apple proper.Photo by Screenshot by Rick Broida/CNET Simple: Head to RefurbMe. Born a few years ago as a simple catalog of Apple's own clearance items, the site now offers all manner of refurbished Apple products from many sources, like Best Buy, Apple, Gazelle and Target. Even better, it can alert you when a particular item becomes available. The site is divided into six major sections: Mac Laptop, Mac Desktop, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch and Apple TV. (You can also search for a specific product, natch.) Click iPhone, for example, and you can then filter by model, carrier and even refurbisher (Apple, Best Buy, Gazelle, Jem Jem and so on). So, for example, if you happened to be looking for an unlocked iPhone 5s with at least 32GB of storage, RefurbMe would quickly steer you to a JemJem option priced at $249. (Whether or not that's a smart buy is topic for debate; just saying you can find it easily.) Once you filter your way down far enough (specifying things like color, storage capacity and carrier), RefurbMe will let you create a product alert just by providing your email address. You can also opt to receive alerts via SMS. Just keep in mind that RefurbMe is merely aggregating all refurbished Apple products under one roof. The product conditions, warranties and other factors can vary greatly from one seller to the next, so it's up to you to do your homework. But don't assume that the site always has the latest and greatest deals. For example, I just spotted a refurbished Apple Watch at Best Buy for $189.99, but as of this writing, it's not on RefurbMe. I'm not sure how often the latter crawls various sites for new deals, or whether it's as comprehensive in its crawling as it needs to be. Even so, I consider this a useful tool for anyone seeking to save money on Apple gear. Share your voice 0 comments Tags The Cheapskate Internet Related Stories Twitter calls out Trump's 'Great Wall' plot twist Obama really doesn't want you to forget all his awesome tweets Chicago torture video brings hate crime charges Winter weather whips up a whirlwind of warnings Close   Discuss: Find the best deals on refurbished Apple... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Putin ordered campaign to influence US election, say intel agencies 5 helpful Chromecast tips and tricks Many of Chromecast's best features are hidden just beneath the surface. Here are five of the best Chromecast tips and tricks. by Taylor Martin 2:23 Nvidia's new Shield TV and Dell's Canvas debut The latest from CES 2017 includes Nvidia's new Shield TV and Spot combination, a new Amazon store coming to New York City and Dell's artist-focused Canvas PC features a drafting board and display combo. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Login Remember me Submit a Tip Login Create Account Subscribe Follow Us Get Our App Main Top Reviews Hot Games Watch List Forums Deals BuyBack ★ TouchArcade needs your help. Click here to support us on Patreon. ★ News TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Riff Racer: Race Your Music' Author Carter Dotson Posted On2016-09-02 19:00:05 Watch App   Featured, Game of the Week, News The idea behind the TouchArcade Game of the Week is that every Friday afternoon we post the one game that came out this week that we think is worth giving a special nod to. Now, before anyone goes over-thinking this, it doesn't necessarily mean our Game of the Week pick is the highest scoring game in a review, the game with the best graphics, or really any other quantifiable "best" thing. Instead, it's more just us picking out the single game out of the week's releases that we think is the most noteworthy, surprising, interesting, or really any other hard to describe quality that makes it worth having if you were just going to pick up one. These picks might be controversial, and that's OK. If you disagree with what we've chosen, let's try to use the comments of these articles to have conversations about what game is your game of the week and why. Without further ado…   Riff Racer: Race Your Music While the big rhythm game this week was undoubtedly Lumines: Puzzle and Music [$2.99], and you really should read Shaun's review of the game, there was another music game that made the jump to mobile this week that's well worth checking out: Riff Racer [$0.99]. Subscribe to the TouchArcade YouTube channel The idea is that you're racing on courses that are set to music tracks, either from your library, Apple Music playlists, or from the game's built-in songs. The courses are generated based on the structure of the music and themed according to genre. Your goal is to try and stay in sync with the track, not falling behind the sync lines as you pick up turbo boosts, take ramps, and dodge obstacles. You can and occasionally will go flying off the course at high speed after you use a turbo boost. The whole thing takes place in a futuristic environment, and looks super-slick. The name is not only a reference to music, but also a pun on Ridge Racer, one would presume. Considering that the drifting is a big part of the racing as you can drift through many of the turns, I'm guessing it was intentional. The thing with music games nowadays is that it's now possible to stream a lot of music without actually owning it. So, many games that let you import your own tracks run into problems with users. Not Riff Racer, at least if you have Apple Music – you can pull in tracks from selected playlists by the developers. It'd be great to get integration with the entirety of the service's music library, or to get support for Spotify, Google Play Music, and Tidal as well. But at least if you're in the Apple ecosystem, then you have a larger selection of music available to you beyond just the tracks you own. And at least seeing support for one streaming service, and admittedly one that's tied into the manufacturer's OS, is cool to see. If you haven't used that 3 month Apple Music trial yet, now's a good time to do so. Another issue with music games is that sometimes they don't work so well with complex music that has odd time signatures and many tempo changes...like a lot of the music I listen to, such as sci-fi prog-thrash masters Vektor: Subscribe to the TouchArcade YouTube channel Thankfully, Riff Racer is set up to handle complicated music like that, with sections that correspond to the various slower and faster sections. It might not work with the longest, most complex tracks...at least not with a 63-minute long song like I tried. Fair enough, though. The track generation does a good job at feeling like you're racing to the music itself, which is certainly not an easy thing to pull off for any game. Don't just stick to one genre – different themes are spread throughout the game for different types of music. Perhaps it's a sign to start diversifying the kind of music I listen to since pretty much all of my music is metal, progressive rock, and Run the Jewels. I stand by my choices though. While the game is mostly just about getting high scores, it's a really cool foundation for a game. Plus, if you play the same tracks as your friends, you can compete in high scores against them on the same tracks, with coin bonuses for being the first person to create a track. I'm probably going to get a lot of those with my eclectic tastes. Want to listen to some music, but have more of an active experience while doing so? This is one of the best ways I've experienced on mobile yet. I also get a kind of Forever Drive [Free] vibe from this game in terms of theme and the idea of endless content to play through. Subscribe to the TouchArcade YouTube channel So, if you've got some music to listen to and want to play games at the same time...or at least prefer driving cars through neon environments at high speeds versus matching blocks to the rhythm, Riff Racer is the game for you, and it's a rocking choice for our game of the week. Riff Racer: Race Your Music by FOAM Entertainment 99¢ Watch Button Watch App Telltale's 'The Walking Dead' S3 Is Called 'A New Frontier', Releases November The TouchArcade Show - 272 - Something's Not Right Here ffaust Neat idea, be nice if it synced with Spotify. skylerolson Agreed, if this had Spotify support it would be an instabuy for me mudads Agreed as well. I'll keep an eye on it. If they add Spotify support, I'll buy it. orangecan Same here. I don't keep any music on my device at all houseofg Going to +1 this as well. It was my first thought because, thanks to services like Spotify I don't store locally on my device anymore. That's clearly true of a lot of people. The possibilities are endless with Spotify, including the ability for people to race via the same song as mentioned. DrlRage Has the dev given any indication that Spotify can be done or will be? I'm in the same "SPOT". From watching the gameplay, it doesn't really seem like it's in tune with the music. It does have a cool look and people seem to enjoy it despite the DRM issues and app crashing, so I might give it a shot in the future after it updates. macatron Totally agree. I don't store music on my phone anymore because I solely use Spotify. If they add support for Spotify I'd definitely bite. 🙂 RiptoR It's a fun game, but it keeps crashing when I return to the main menu after finishing a race, wiping all progress I made. Very annoying to say the least. Playing on an iPad Air (iOS 9.3.5). JPhilipp Crashes for me before I can make a race. Consider yourself lucky 😉 zebramatt So it's Audiosurf? I'm kidding - it looks fun! Sponsors Support Us Support TouchArcade on Patreon Latest Podcast Grinding Espers Like It's My Job - The TouchArcade Show #289 Latest Reviews $1.99 StarStarStarStarNone Highway Runners RacingiPhone 1 day ago $1.99 StarNoneNoneNoneNone MEGA MAN MOBILE AdventureUniversal 2 days ago $1.99 StarStarStarStarNone Feral Fury ActionUniversal 2 days ago $5.99 StarStarStarStarStar RollerCoaster Tycoon® Classic StrategyUniversal 3 days ago $1.99 StarStarStarStarNone Snowball!! ArcadeUniversal 4 days ago $2.99 StarStarStarStarNone Island Delta PuzzleUniversal 4 days ago Hot Games $1.99 StarNoneNoneNoneNone MEGA MAN MOBILE AdventureUniversal Released 2 days ago $3.99 Milkmaid of the Milky Way PuzzleUniversal Released 2 days ago Free Vape Master Game SimulationUniversal Released 1 day ago Free Remedy Rush ArcadeUniversal Released 1 day ago Free Breakout Ninja ArcadeUniversal Released 3 days ago $7.99 StarStarStarStarNone Demon's Rise 2: Lords of Chaos Role PlayingUniversal Released 8 weeks ago Game Releases Geometry Dash (by RobTop Games) [Read level request rules in 1st post!] ( ͡� ͜ʖ ͡�) (101254) Metal Brigade Tactics (60) Demon's Rise 2: Lords of Chaos (by Wave Light Games) (763) 2 Lane Racers (by adrogdesigns) (1) Vape Master Game (by Sergii Tymoshenko) (14) Angeldust: MMO Adventure Building Game (by Metagaming) (6) Little Kitten - My Favorite Cat (By Fox and Sheep) (1) Demon's Rise - Turn Based, Tactical RPG (1472) Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Generation (by Konami Digital Entertainment) (66) MEGA MAN MOBILE (By CAPCOM) (71) Wyvern (by Ghost Track Inc) (84) Pathfinder Adventures (by Obsidian Entertainment) (588) Planar Conquest (by Shortbreak Studios) (1692) Crowntakers (by Kalypso Media) (348) AutoCompete - The Official Google Feud app! (Universal) (0) Milkmaid of the Milky Way (By Machineboy) (14) Abyssrium (by SangHeon Kim) (218) Exiled Kingdoms RPG (By David Ballestrino) (140) New Game Threads 2 Lane Racers (by adrogdesigns) (1) AutoCompete - The Official Google Feud app! (Universal) (0) Die-mensions (by Adel Salem) (1) Shards of Memories: an Art Puzzle Adventure (by Astrograde Lab) (0) Subers (By Funside Games) (0) Little Kitten - My Favorite Cat (By Fox and Sheep) (1) Mesmeracer (by b-interaktive) (1) Jumpy (By Ketchapp) (1) Odin's Protectors (by Yaloo Entertainment) (2) Happy Pompons (By Ben Debski) (0) Remedy Rush (By Fixpoint Productions) (9) Vape Master Game (by Sergii Tymoshenko) (14) Blocky Bee (by Hypno Pig) (0) Ricochet Ranger (by Look at It Games) (2) Power Level Warrior 2 (by BOOLit) (1) Racing Combat (By ReadyNuts - Darshit Joshi) (11) Drop Flip Seasons [BorderLeap, LLC] (0) MEGA MAN 6 MOBILE (By CAPCOM) (8) General Discussion The January 2017 RPG Reload Play-Along Thread: Final Fantasy 1 (88) TA Forum's Game of the Year (GOTY) - 2016 - CRASHLANDS (Results inside) (102) The Official RPG Reload Club Thread (1428) What was your most played games in December? (61) TouchArcade's Best Games of 2016: THE COMPLETE LIST (10) Which controler should i get? (3) Mass "What Should I Get?" Thread (2012 - 2017) (5498) Anything similar to Test Drive Unlimited for iOS? (2) Steelseries Stratus does not seem to work with iOS10 (24) Evil War Off Topic Discussion (53) Mega Man coming this week (23) At last: mobile surpassed PC/Console in annual revenue! (6) Name of that game (0) is there anything like "Seven Seas" for the iPhone (3) I need a good word puzzle game. (8) Rogue Life: Sqaud Goals' Heroes (0) Artistic discussion on RPG game "Warriors Dash" (5) Your fav procedurally generated games (including roguelikes/rogue-lites) (78) Promo Codes Indie Game Dev Contest (0) [FREE PROMO CODES] Prison Run and Gun (60) Rogue Life NEW Coupon Codes (1) [] Bomb Hero 3D (by YANHUA ZHAO) (27) Another $10 App Store GC contest! (7) Win a $10 App Store GC (7) Baseball Everyday 1.6 promo codes (0) Win 2 x $25 iTunes or Amazon Giftcard with Kids Academy! (6) FREE sticker pack & a chance to win a $10 App Store GC! (7) $10 Google Play card contest for App Review (3) WIN $25 iTunes Gift Card, Amazon Gift Card or PayPal: Review/Rate Contest. (17) Mega Tank - Helzacopter Contest (1) WIN a $25 iTunes Gift Card or PayPal by Jan 05 (10) 2 x $25 PayPal, iTunes or Amazon Giftcard for Australian Users (8) Win a $10 App Store GC! (12) [PROMO CODES] Neon Blast for iOS (7) Get into Moodz! Win a $30 App Store GC! (16) WIN! 2 x $25 iTunes Gift Card, Amazon Gift Card or PayPal - play Dashy Santa (29) Upcoming Releases Torchlight Mobile (by Runic Games) (235) Prevail - Open universe game - by Johnny Two Shoes - DEV BLOG (Plunderland creators) (577) Ashworld - openworld game by Orangepixel (14) LetterMiner: Word Game (6) The Sandbox Evolution - Medieval Wars Update! (0) Dragon Up: Match 2 Hatch (looking for beta testers) (1) M.U.D. Rally (Open Beta Soon) (8) New iOS full video puzzle game to test freely (1) Glyph Quest Chronicles feedback thread (0) [Sky Dancer] Fantasy Runner & Skydiving! Need Beta Testers! (by Pine Entertainment) (108) Action Adventure Mobile Game Ready to be Lanched in January 2017 (5) Pixel Soccer - fun, pixel art, soccer game! (22) imprint-X (23) Letter Up! Word Puzzle game looking for Beta Testers (2) Space shmup Xenoraid by 10tons coming up in December (28) Go Go Fairy Gals - Arcade Shooter Coming Soon [BETA TESTERS WANTED] (14) [WIP] Fugl � a 60 fps voxel flying game from the creator of Melodive (1603) TAVERN GUARDIANS - Hack & Slash Meets Puzzle (Free Demo) (72) Dev Discussion Upcoming Platform Game: Suzy Cube (115) I am worried no one will ever see the ads on our new free game (11) Is the new Mac Pro better than the previous Mac Pro (0) How cool would an Excitebike-like game be? (7) Finding Playtesters? (4) Password for games (4) Help with promotion (5) Music Composer seeking Indie Game Developers... (0) What should I expect once Apple recommends my game for China (0) Snow Throw VR: My holiday themed snowball game (VR mode is optional) (0) I need your opinion on my new game! (1) Chezz - A game of chess without turns, needs BETA Testers and Feedback (0) Giving up is not an option! (5) Apple Search Ads (8) App Achievement Unlocked- collect trophies for being an awesome app developer! (0) Best ad-network's eCPM and fill rate (4) Making TALLNUM (TL№) a puzzle about perception and numbers. (11) Gaming AI: The Art of Being Not Too Smart (2) Services for Trade Hi, I'm a 2D Graphic Artist (Vector) for hire (68) [Released] Tower Defense Template (6) [Art Team ] Pixel artists & Unity developers (2) [Art Team ] 3D artists & Unity developers (2) [Art Team with low rates] 2D artists & Unity developers. (2) Freelance 2D Artist (6) Sam Foster Sound | Experienced Game Composer for Hire (1) Angelo Telan Music | Seeking New Project (10) Professional 2D & 3D Gaming artist in Indie Prices (8) [Paid] Robert Jung: Multi-Genre Composer from the Netherlands (10) Matthew Dear - Audio Programmer/SFX & Dialog Artist/Composer (53) Composer Seeking RPG/Art Game/Anything Interesting (0) Freelance electronic/orchestral/chiptune composer for your game (11) Free Music Resource - soundimage.org (123) Composer seeking Indie Game Devs (0) [Music/Sound] Jose Mora (Music Vortex) (0) Music Composer (0) Royalty Free Fusion Music For Games (0) Other Discussion What is the best mobile games you ever played? (3) 🎉🎈🎁🎂Happy Birthday🎂🎁🎈🎉 (322) Playstation Vita Discussion Thread (8803) Let's play a forum game (143) TripMX Great Music Expedition!!! (62) The Old Farts discussion thread. (200) recommend an old horror movie (26) Happy New Years!!!!!! (5) The Playstation 4 (PS4) Thread! (1051) What song are you guys listening to at the moment? (2909) Is there any kind of apps that has not been made? (0) Happy thread (42) Best Sports movies? (6) Goodbye Princess (5) Annual Winter Holiday Thread (10) TouchArcade IOS App bugged now? Outdated (1) Obligatory Comeback Thread For Recommendations (9) Silly question... how to change user name? (3) Site Feedback Cant read articles, redirected to some "you win an iphone" site (2) TouchArcade notifications not working? (2) Looking for ideas of revamping the forums for 2017 (7) Site RSS feed not updating? (21) Disqus ban. (1) Can you please add an "Energy System" tag on game descriptions and reviews? (3) Petition to require login to promo codes area (24) Constant Login Requests (7) Embed Youtube videos (27) Tips mail bounce back (0) Can TouchArcade do some regular hardware peripheral reviews? (0) Notifications (3) Patreon Page Blank? (1) TouchArcade app slows phone (3) profile pic update fails on mobile (2) Request: Allow full screen button for YouTube videos (0) Remove Poll? (2) Older device section (4) Pages About Us, PR Contact, Advertise Advertising Career Opportunities - Write For TouchArcade Job Board Newest iPhone Games and Price Drops Newest iPhone Games and Price Drops - Mobile Privacy Policy / DMCA Copyright Agent Sending Promo Codes for Giveaways Support TouchArcade Advertising and Editorial Policies TouchArcade's List of iPad Games with iCade Support Upcoming Categories 360iDev (3) Accessories (89) Android (149) Apple TV (35) Apple Watch (16) Applications (170) Companion (35) Emulator (54) Internet (1) Jailbreak (21) Misc (5) Music (5) Utility (16) April Fools' Day (9) Best iPad Games (113) Best iPhone Games (126) CES (8) CES 2010 (3) Classic Reload (5) Controller Support (94) Deals (41) Developer Corner (7) Development Tools (10) E3 (145) E3 Expo 2009 (18) E3 Expo 2010 (15) E3 Expo 2010 (1) E3 Expo 2011 (13) E3 Expo 2012 (25) E3 Expo 2013 (28) E3 Expo 2014 (20) E3 Expo 2015 (20) E3 Expo 2016 (4) Editor's Notes (16) Editorials (51) The Carter Crater (26) The Fretz Zone (5) The Tasos Principle (2) Exclusives (141) Featured (1,487) First Impressions (192) Full Content (185) Game Center (2,268) Game of the Week (173) Games (10,396) Action (2,114) Adventure (996) Arcade (1,123) Augmented Reality (45) Bear Driving Simulator (4) Board (148) Card (368) Castle Defense (35) Cave-Flyer (36) Demo (4) Drawing (31) Fighting (214) First Person Shooter (147) Goat Simulators (8) Interactive Fiction (57) Just Make Crossy Road, JEEZ (5) Man-Horse Dating Simulator (4) Massive Multiplayer (MMO) (81) Maze (92) MOBA (59) Music / Rhythm (160) Pinball (87) Platform (819) Puzzle (1,550) Quiz (16) Racing (546) Retro (526) Role-Playing (1,227) Runner (187) Shooter (911) Simulation (602) Social RPG (7) Sports (394) Strategy (791) Time Management (93) Tower Defense (220) Virtual Pet (30) Wi-Fi Multiplayer (15) Word (101) GDC (311) GDC 2009 (17) GDC 2010 (18) GDC 2011 (33) GDC 2012 (44) GDC 2013 (32) GDC 2014 (32) GDC 2015 (58) GDC 2016 (67) GDC Austin (1) GDC Austin 2009 (6) GDC Online 2011 (1) Guides (172) High Score Challenge (4) Humor (3) Interview (35) Interviews (47) iPad Games (7,149) iPad Models (140) iPad (38) iPad 2 (57) iPad 3 (41) iPad 4 (10) iPad mini (12) iPad Pro (1) iPhone games (10,038) iPhone Models (138) iPhone 3G S (22) iPhone 4 (73) iPhone 4S (24) iPhone 5 (34) iPod games (75) iPod touch (5th gen) (65) iPod touch games (8,164) Mac App Store (18) Macworld|iWorld 2012 (9) News (12,150) Online Multiplayer Nights (1) Thursday (1) PAX (22) PAX Australia (13) PAX East (10) PlayStation Games (1) Podcast (377) Prices (7,772) $0.99 (1,868) $1.99 (970) $10.99 (3) $11.99 (13) $12.99 (6) $13.99 (4) $14.99 (24) $15.99 (14) $16.99 (3) $17.99 (5) $19.99 (19) $2.99 (1,035) $22.99 (1) $24.99 (2) $27.99 (1) $3.99 (337) $4.99 (869) $49.99 (1) $5.99 (147) $54.99 (1) $6.99 (294) $7.99 (107) $74.99 (2) $8.99 (21) $9.99 (249) Free (2,780) Push Notification (97) Ratings (3,293) 1 star (11) 2 stars (59) 2.5 stars (96) 3 stars (406) 3.5 stars (729) 4 stars (1,126) 4.5 stars (573) 5 stars (294) Reinstall Monday (1) Release (514) Requests (3) Review (30) Reviews (3,740) RPG Reload (142) Rumors (24) Sales (1,079) Soap Box (8) TA Plays (361) TGS 2014 (10) TGS 2016 (10) TouchArcade Free Play (4) TouchStone (81) Uncategorized (15) Universal (4,261) Upcoming Games (5,789) Updates (1,605) Web-based games (14) What Do You Think (17) WWDC (10) WWDC 2013 (7) WWDC 2009 (21) WWDC 2010 (13) WWDC 2011 (16) WWDC 2012 (17) WWDC 2015 (5) About Us "TouchArcade covers the latest games and apps for Apple's iPhone and iPod Touch. We are the largest site dedicated to iPhone and iPod Touch gaming." Promotional Codes While we now accept iTunes Promotional Codes for games, we can't guarantee that your app will be reviewed or covered. Only one promotion code is required. Feel free to send promo codes to tips@toucharcade.com. While we appreciate the promo codes, notable app pre-announcements and preview copies are also of interest to our readers. Please feel free to contact us at the same email address about these opportunities. Note: we rarely (if ever) solicit developers directly for promo codes. If you receive such an email, please contact us. Advertising We have advertising opportunities available to iPhone and iPod Touch developers. If interested, please see this page for more information: Advertise on TouchArcade Press Contact We welcome news releases, previews, screenshots and video links for existing or upcoming iPhone and iPod Games. We can't promise a personal reply but we do try to evaluate every title submitted. Please send press releases or general inquiries to tips@toucharcade.com. Copyright 2014, TouchArcade.com, LLC. iPhone Games


null
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business selected Politics Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Business selected Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Business Business Does the Apple tax case mark a turning point? By Andrew Walker BBC World Service economics correspondent 3 September 2016 From the section Business Share Share this with Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-37243407 Read more about sharing. Close share panel Image copyright PA Image caption Apple boss Tim Cook says the European Commission's tax ruling is "maddening" Was this week a turning point? It has certainly been expensive for the biggest stock-market listed company on the planet. Of course, Apple can afford that €13bn (£11bn) tax bill that may be heading for the chief financial officer's in-tray. And who knows whether it will actually have to pay up. Perhaps the planned appeal will be successful. But it certainly feels like a very important moment in the battle to get multinational businesses to pay what many governments - as well as ordinary people - think would be their fair share of tax. It is true that this episode has not brought unity among the governments concerned. The United States in particular is livid about the way the European Commission has gone about trying to get Apple to cough up. But despite the spat, there's still a degree of underlying common purpose. It is driven in part by a recognition that voters, many of them at least, detest what they see as the devious behaviour of many multinationals and some wealthy individuals. The recent Panama papers scandal demonstrated that. Then, there are the trade talks between the US and Europe, known as TTIP. There is a strong business lobby supporting the project and its aim of removing barriers to transatlantic trade and investment. Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Critics say a TTIP deal could lead to job losses We can't declare the talks formally over, but the doubts and hostility expressed by senior political figures in France and Germany in the past few days do suggest that TTIP is in precarious territory. Why did those leaders speak out? In part, because both countries have elections coming up. President Francois Hollande, of France, and the leader of Germany's social democrats, Sigmar Gabriel, are well aware of the hostility to TTIP among many voters. Some people feel they have been left behind by globalisation and are worried that more of the same will undermine jobs and incomes. Some think that trade talks are going to weaken standards of environmental and consumer protection, and even impinge on the sovereignty of elected governments - all, they would argue, for the benefit of big business, and not ordinary people. Similar concerns have affected the US presidential campaign. The Republican candidate Donald Trump has been especially outspoken about international trade deals. Media captionDonald Trump has accused China of trade "rape" But his main rival, Hillary Clinton, has also felt obliged to reflect the mood. She had been a keen supporter of trade liberalisation agreements, including TTIP. Now, she seems decidedly lukewarm. And with another set of talks that have been completed but not yet ratified by the US Congress - involving countries of the Pacific Rim - she said the result didn't live up to her standards. So we have two developments this week that reflect a popular distaste for international big business. And haven't we had a lot of that kind of thing in the past few years? Some people think Britain's vote to leave the European Union is part of the same "small-is-beautiful" feeling. Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Much of the Vote Leave campaign's rhetoric focused on rejecting big government Of course, that distaste has always been there, but the financial crisis really brought it out. Certainly, banks were at the centre of that storm, but the sentiment spilled out to undermine popular perception of big business more widely. None of this is to write the obituary of the giant multinationals. They lobby, they contribute to political campaigns, they send their top staff on secondment to, and recruit from, the top levels of governments. And let's not forget that the reason they are successful multinationals is that they make and sell stuff and services that the great majority of us want. But this may have been the week when they were told, by some at least: thus far, and no further. Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story Apple chief Tim Cook says tax ruling 'maddening' 1 September 2016 TTIP in further doubt as Hollande questions timing 30 August 2016 TTIP: Are US-Europe trade talks tanking? 29 August 2016 TTIP: EU-US trade deal faces major challenges 15 July 2016 Why is the US turning to protectionism? 30 May 2016 Hillary Clinton voices opposition to Pacific trade deal 7 October 2015 Top Stories Putin 'sought to help' Trump in US vote US intelligence says Russia's President Putin "ordered" efforts aimed at influencing the election. 7 January 2017 Five dead in Florida airport shooting 7 January 2017 Ambulance death inquiry over IT failure 6 January 2017 Features 10 Things On which day do you make the most mistakes in emails? Dry slopes Will new snow save Swiss ski season? Running boy 'I lost a leg but gained a sports blade' Cosmetic queen The woman who looks after celebrities' skin Saving Sally The Filipino romance rescued by its fans Poaching footballers - in an MG The secret weapon in Algeria's battle for independence Meet Ray BLK Street smart soul singer wins the BBC Sound of 2017 Island of safety How one country has almost eradicated gun crime 7 days quiz What spoiled Mariah Carey's new year celebration? News navigation Business Sections Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business selected Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit Tech Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Biz Break: Facebook, Alphabet among tech leaders working on ethical A.I. guidelines By Rex Crum / September 2, 2016 at 2:58 PM Top Of The Order:   Playing Nice: It’s safe to say that there is a lot of competition among the biggest names in the tech sector. That’s no surprise. For example, when you have the likes of Facebook and Google battling over the same advertising bucks, there isn’t going to be a lot of sympathy between rivals. But that doesn’t mean the big bullies on the playground still can’t find a way to get along from time to time, does it? We’re about to see how some of those leaders can work together, as Facebook, Google parent company Alphabet, Microsoft, IBM and Amazon have been getting together to work out a slate of ethical guidelines to apply to artificial intelligence. The growth of A.I. has gotten a lot of attention of late, in particular with regards to the race to develop so-called self-driving cars, and the involvement of everyone from Ford, to Uber, to chipmaker Nvidia. The group, which is a very loose affiliation, is said to be working on rules that would apply to artificial intelligence to ensure such technologies are used to benefit people and not cause harm. According to the New York Times, the group doesn’t have an official name yet, nor has it nailed down any actual guidelines for its purposes. Middle Innings:  No Taxes For Us, Please: Earlier this week, the European Commission slapped Apple with a back-tax bill of $14.5 billion related to taxes that the EC says Apple owes the government of Ireland. Naturally, Apple has said it will appeal the decision, and Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook basically said if it gets stuck with the bill, that could jeopardize the approximately 6,000 Apple jobs in Ireland, and who knows how many others in Europe. Normally, governments love to collect taxes. And if you don’t think so, just see what the Internal Revenue Service has to say if you don’t pay yours by next April 15. But nothing about this situation is normal, including the government of Ireland’s response to the EC’s ruling. On Friday, the Irish government said it would join Apple in its appeal of the tax bill. The country has even said it doesn’t want the largesse that would come from Apple. The main reasons Ireland is siding with Apple are practical. The country doesn’t want Brussels (the European Union capital) dictating how Ireland applies its corporate tax policies, which offer low rates to businesses to locate operations in the country. For Ireland, it seems like it would rather have the jobs those companies provide than to nickel and dime them over a few billion bucks in taxes. Bottom Of The Lineup: Here’s a look at how some leading Silicon Valley stocks did Friday… Movin’ On Up: Gains came from Harmonic, QuinStreet, Rovi, Jive Software and Palo Alto Networks. In The Red: Verifone Systems shares fell more than 16 percent after the maker of credit card and electronic-payment technology products cut its earnings and sales forecast for the year. Other decliners included GoPro,  Aviat Networks, Abaxis and Solar City. The tech-focused Nasdaq Composite Index rose 0.4 percent to 5,249.9. The blue chip Dow Jones Industrial Average added 0.4 percent to end the week at 18,491.96. And the broad-based Standard & Poor’s 500 Index also rose 0.4 percent to 2,179.98. Quote Of The Day: “You have to come out as prepared as you can and play together the best we can.” — Washington State University football coach Mike Leach. The Cougars host Eastern Washington in their season opener Saturday. (Full disclosure: I am a Wazzu alumni and will openly support the Cougars here and elsewhere. Sorry, Cal and Stanford.) Sign up for the 60-Second Business Break newsletter at www.siliconvalley.com. Photo: Outside Facebook headquarters in Menlo Park in December 2015. Facebook, Alphabet, Microsoft, IBM and Amazon are said to be working together on a slate of ethical guidelines for the development and use of artificial intelligence technologies. (John Green/Bay Area News Group) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: AI, Alphabet, amazon, Apple, artificial intelligence, EU, facebook, Football, Google, IBM, Ireland, Microsoft, Taxes, Washington State   More Posts in Biz Break What does Alexa know and will Amazon tell? December 28, 2016   Amazon’s last Christmas delivery: A heated mattress pad at 11:59 p.m. on Christmas Eve December 27, 2016   Biz Break: Fitbit gets to throw more punches at Jawbone September 8, 2016       Share this Post Tweet       DoctorJay The heck with Cal and Stanford. The Cougars will more than meet its match in the Huskies. They will be fighting like, oh, cats and Dawgs!     About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter GMSV     Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Google HR chief Laszlo Bock leaving to launch startup Apple CEO Tim Cook’s pay is reduced after company… Google Glass a solution for NFL concussions? Disturbing attack streamed on Facebook Live highlights… Lawsuit accuses Snap of lying to investors, public ahead of…     Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2017 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple’s spaceship HQ is starting to look like a real building Chris Mills BGR NewsSeptember 2, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share Apple's product development normally happens in absolute secrecy, but that's kinda hard to pull off when you're constructing something that looks like a giant UFO. As Apple's Campus 2 site has undergone construction, we've continued to get frequent drone videos of the progress. The latest drone-shot videos show real progress, with important things like walls and roofs actually starting to appear. Apple's environmental credentials are also on show, with green landscaping work starting and solar panels going in. DON'T MISS: Everything you need to know about Samsung’s unprecedented Galaxy Note 7 recall https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gBTar9-E6n0 Both videos are shot with DJI drones, although with different levels of quality. Duncan Sinfield used a DJI Inspire 1 to capture images of the solar panels going in on the roof of the main building, which is a far cry from what the structure looked like a year ago. Landscaping is one of the areas that still needs a lot of work before any employees move in next year. At the moment, everything apart from the main buildings are just big piles of dirt (some of them particularly big). https://youtu.be/kFQsu5bdPXw The second video was filmed by Matthew Roberts using a Phantom 3 Pro. The smaller drone managed to get closer to the roof, and you can clearly see all the HVAC hardware Apple is having to install for all of its hard-working humans. The scale of Apple's new HQ is always difficult to grasp from the drone footage, but the occasional glimpse of tiny workers is enough to remind you how ambitious this project is. Construction will cost around $5 billion -- expensive, for sure, but a lot less than Apple's hundreds of billions of cash sitting offshore. (It's less than Apple's back tax bill to the European Union, for that matter.)   Trending right now: Yet another reason the iPhone is superior to Android One reason why the iPhone 7 won’t have the best specs next year OK, so there is one big problem with the iPhone 7’s lack of a headphone jack See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech Credit Cards With Massive Rewards Have Arrived CreditCards.comSponsored Here’s all the Kmart stores that will have liquidation sales this weekend BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech US designates election infrastructure as 'critical' Associated Press Don't Buy Furniture Until You See This Site WayfairSponsored New leak shows how terrible Apple’s iPhone could have been BGR News The iPhone 8 is going to be bigger than you can even imagine BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Login All Reviews Editorials News Apple Schedules 2017 Shareholders Meeting, Reveals Executive Pay Cut T-Mobile Moves Exclusively to Unlimited Data Plans iPod-based iPhone Prototype Revealed in Leaked Video Tips iOS 10: Selectively Control Read Receipts For iMessage How to Connect Your 2016 MacBook Pro to a mini DisplayPort Monitor Podcasts CES 2017 Wireless Earpods and Drone Blocking - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-06 CES 2017 Wireless Charging, Sober Sensors, and More - TMO Daily Observations 2017-01-05 View All Results → iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick Minix NEO C Mini USB-C to HDMI: Low Cost, Low Weight Just Mobile's AluCharge 4-Port USB-A Charger Falls Just Short Matias Wireless Aluminum Keyboard: The Apple Keyboard You've Been Looking For Brydge 12.9 Aluminum Keyboard for iPad Pro Exudes Class View All Reviews → Education May be in Apple's DNA, But Not in Apple's Future The Unspoken Limits of Apple's iPad Are Strangling its Evolution How Apple Can Become a Media Giant in 2017 Backups on a Budget My 3 Favorite iOS Apps From 2016 View All Editorials → The Mac Hunger Games and the Rapidly Fracturing Computer Marketplace John Martellaro @jmartellaro Sep 2nd, 2016 4:50 PM EST | Columns & Opinions The personal computing industry is changing quickly. Again. Not long ago, there was a simple migration from PC and Mac desktops to notebooks. Then, Apple finally got the simple tablet right in 2010. However, basic tablets can’t do it all, and so Apple warmed to the iPad Pro concept. But the dust isn’t clearing. Rather the market is exploding in use cases, customer preferences and advanced technology. What looked to be simple evolution has become not so simple. It all started, around the turn of the century, with the terrors of race-to-the-bottom desktop PCs that ran Windows XP. That operating system was not very secure, but it was sufficiently complex that customers thought buying a new computer was easier than upgrading to a new OS. And to keep prices down, PC hardware was barely able to run the new Windows versions, so new hardware was imperative (and frequent) along the way. Apple made good headway against Windows XP and Vista with Mac OS X, an OS that was generally more secure and easier to handle. The implementation of [Mac] OS X on sleek MacBook Pros lured many into the Apple fold. Complexity Out of Control In time, however, the sophistication of desktop and notebook OSes became a difficult challenge for average PC customers who tired of constant updates, complex GUIs, security problems, Registry issues and backups. The evolution of hardware technology with prefixes like “giga” and “tera” overwhelmed many. The Apple iPad in 2010 was just what the doctor ordered for millions of people. It looked like the iPad was going to eradicate the conventional PC. Then something unexpected happened. The iPad was too simple. Too easy. It didn’t need upgrading very often. Its high security, which made it so safe to use, also crippled it when it cam to replacing the PC and Mac. Beautiful MacBook/Airs/Pros with keyboards continued to cannibalize iPad sales. They’re still doing it today. Just when Apple thought the Mac was a dying breed, computer makers started figuring out how to use advanced technology to deliver strong solutions to each traditional market segment. Hewlett-Packard took up the mantle. abandoned by IBM, Sun and SGI, to build superior “Z” workstations for the technical professionals. Microsoft, under CEO Satya Nadella, started acting like a very smart company. They waited patiently until hardware technology could deliver a competent touch screen, Intel-based tablet that could run X86 business aps. Lenovo and Google have jumped in with some interesting tablet and 2-in-1 concepts such as the Google Pixel C and the Lenovo YogaBook. Chromebooks are finding a place in education. HP has just introduced an awesome, amazing desktop for the consumer market, the Elite Slice, and injected it into a void left by the Mac Mini which has been left on its deathbed. Just when it looked like the personal computing market was going to simplify, computer makers have found that there is, instead, a wealth of differing customer needs and diverse technical solutions that can fill those needs. Decisions, Decisions Every week I read an article by an author who wrestled with which device to take on a business trip, despairing that any once device could fill the complete bill. Meanwhile, markets that seemed dead because some computer makers wanted them to be dead have been, instead, reinvigorated and exploited by clever competitors—making product choices even harder. Tablets like the iPad have had to sprout multi-tasking, a pencil and keyboard to sustain viability. Amazing desktops combined with a new generation of 4K displays have breathed new life into CAD, research, science, architecture, and video production. The smoke isn’t clearing. Not at all. And now it’s Apple’s turn. Perhaps the long delay in refreshes to the Mac lineup reflects Apple’s struggle with the changing and fracturing markets. It will be interesting to see how Apple responds and which parts of this quickly changing marketplace Apple wants to engage and what approach the company takes. Next page: The Tech News Debris for the Week of August 29th. What you need to know about 4K/HDR. Pages: 1 2 Next Page Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: 4K, HDR, iPad, Mac, PC, tablets, UHD 6 Comments Add a comment svanthem September 2, 2016 I really dig Particle Debris and the links to germane articles. I find your viewpoints interesting but I’ll have to disagree with some of these. I somewhat agree with your thoughts on the iPad but slowing growth is a long way from ‘dying.’ You still make a fair point though. Nadella is certainly an improvement over Ballmer but a company that loses it’s ‘golden key’ (or whatever it is) is not what I’d call ‘a very smart company.’ Not so sure about the flying car. I mean, $300K and oh yeah, it just crashed. You need years of training for the license and airport access. Assured success? It’s a really cool toaster-frig though. I fail to see how the HP Slice is awesome. What new ground has it broken? I think the article on Baby Boomers is significant. I can see how many of those insights go hand in hand with much of what has made Apple successful. Keep up the good work. I really like most of your stuff. September 2, 2016 at 6:08 EST PM Paul Goodwin September 2, 2016 I find that a regular iPad (I have an iPad Air 2) fills the bill for a lot of work. As an engineer consulting with other engineers online using things like Webex, Box and others, the iPad is an almost ideal tool. I never really want for a keyboard, it wouldn’t add that much to my personal work experience, however, I can see where others would value it. The only negative to using an iPad for work in a web based environment is that there are still a lot of web page designs that aren’t very iOS friendly. Many time they offer apps which don’t have the full capability of their web based designed tools. And even their web based tools are nearly always deficient when running on a Mac or in iOS Safari. The world still doesn’t recognize the iPad as a serious engineering tool, and many site just won’t invest in making them Mad or iOS friendly. Many times I work with both the laptop and the iPad side by side. Each is very good at what it does, and having both pieces of hardware is many times far more productive than trying to accomplish things using just one or the other. How does that fit with this article? Well, the manufacturers keep trying to design this ideal holy grail of a piece of hardware. I’m quite sure it’ll be a long time before one “thing” will be better than having both tools in front of you. September 2, 2016 at 11:32 EST PM Jamie September 3, 2016 This is all really interesting to me. I find that my best-case use scenarios are very similar, I use a combination of several devices side by side, and I can’t imagine them all being integrated without it being incredibly awkward or compromising somewhere along the line. I expect Apple is aware of this too, and as Macs, tablets, and phones are all fairly mature at this point, it’ll be interesting to see what direction they take with their stuff. September 3, 2016 at 4:32 EST PM daemon September 4, 2016 You’re honestly telling us that people are too stupid to understand unit prefixes? That’s your argument for what makes computers too complex? John, your contempt for the general public is sickening. Why don’t you tell us about how girls women just don’t have the mental fortitude required to understand how a water pump works. /s September 4, 2016 at 10:58 EST AM wab95 September 4, 2016 John: There’s a lot of material here worthy, of discussion, so let’s get to it. First, regarding the complexity and the fracturing of the computer market place, to the extent that there is greater distribution of devices for the same use cases, this is a story less about the devices than about users, and their experimentation and exercise of greater choice, in finding that right balance between functional capacity and access (particularly portability). In that heady mix, you then have the manufacturers, who, like Google and MS, have seen Apple’s success with an ultra portable (the iPad), and have leveraged their respective skill sets (Chrome for Google, the Surface with Windows for MS), to proffer devices that can compete in that space. What further complicates this, in my opinion, and renders some of the analysis (not yours) somewhat lacking, is that this complexity is less about a defined niche than it is about opportunity. The advantage of a true niche is that it can, not necessarily will, select for a specific type of device. This is what we saw with smartphones, to the detriment of Blackberry and other devices whose technology, form factor and limitations hailed from a previous century. An important distinction here is that the iPhone created, defined and then expanded its own niche, not unlike a rapidly expanding universe following the Big Bang, in which only the iPhone, and similar multi-capacity ultra portable computers that could also make phone calls, could compete, and thus left the detritus of legacy devices like the original Blackberry in their wake. The situation with traditional computers and their ultra portable competition, like the iPad, is evolutionarily distinct. This is a productivity space whose access points have been expanded, not by a new device, but by the cloud and its myriad spinoff services and technologies. These have created opportunity for people to work differently by accessing that space using whatever device is available and sufficiently functional to get the job done. Suddenly, we have new opportunity that can potentially be satisfied by a vast range of devices both extant and future, and less of a device-defined phylogenetic niche. No doubt, the opportunity still exists to dominate this space with a device-specific or device-type solution, however I suspect that this will not be met by a one size fits all solution. Rather, in my opinion, that competition will be won by a set of attributes or a feature set, namely an ideal balance of convenience (portability) and capacity (the range of productivity functions that device can fulfil). This will be a Darwinian competition of fitness for this work space whose winners will be defined by a diverse population of user needs, permitting the coexistence of of several device species that will occupy parallel niches. Under these conditions, I would not bet against Apple and the iPad, but see it as having a viable future. The Forbes piece on the Apple Store name change illustrates just how easy it is for pundits and Apple watchers, using overly simplistic analysis, to miss the significance and rationale of Apple’s decisions. This is not about aesthetics but a change in how Apple want to maximally exploit their interface with their client base, beyond mere shopping. The Guardian’s piece on the signature, ‘Sent from my iPhone’ reflects my own experience. In the beginning, I kept it simply to indicate that I was using an iPhone and not a Blackberry or other device, really as a lobbying tool to the IT wonks that they needed to accommodate other devices. Somewhere along the way, it became more of an disclaimer to my colleagues that I was working on the run with limited time. Still useful. Fascinating. Mark Lowenstein’s piece on Tech forgetting the Boomers is a nice diversion, but risks over generalisation. In my home, at least, I remain the tech source, even for my kids when they run into difficulty with their devices, network or apps. Admittedly, that may not be representative, but illustrative of the fact that much of this is driven, not by age, but by how intimately one engages the technology. Finally, Dan Moren is correct, Apple need to rethink iCloud, specifically in the context of their vision of a post-PC era that is device agnostic. September 4, 2016 at 9:03 EST PM John Martellaro September 8, 2016 daemon: I wasn’t referring to any kind of unfamiliarity with metric prefixes. I was, of course, talking about coping with complexity: computers with gigabytes of RAM (and operating systems with 75 million lines of code) and the need to reliably, consistently back up terabytes of data. This, combined with endless security issues, is a serious challenge for even modern, astute computer users. It’s overwhelming for many others. The Apple iPad solved that problem for many computer users. September 8, 2016 at 3:19 EST PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Education May be in Apple's DNA, But Not in Apple's Future John Martellaro | January 6, 2017 How Apple Can Become a Media Giant in 2017 Charlotte Henry | January 4, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $117.91 +1.30 (1.11%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Apple Schedules 2017 Shareholders Meeting, Reveals Executive Pay Cut T-Mobile Moves Exclusively to Unlimited Data Plans iPod-based iPhone Prototype Revealed in Leaked Video iOS 10 Adoption Hits 76% After 4 Months, Slightly Outpacing iOS 9 Steel HR Combines Elegance of Analog Watch with Sophistication of Digital Recent Tips See All » iOS 10: Selectively Control Read Receipts For iMessage How to Connect Your 2016 MacBook Pro to a mini DisplayPort Monitor macOS: Turning Off Time Machine Space Notifications How to View the Apple TV's Aerial Screen Saver On Your Mac iOS 10: Three Tips on Notes! Recent Editorials See All » Education May be in Apple's DNA, But Not in Apple's Future The Unspoken Limits of Apple's iPad Are Strangling its Evolution How Apple Can Become a Media Giant in 2017 Backups on a Budget My 3 Favorite iOS Apps From 2016 3250 John Martellaro particle-debris 6 1472835017 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Digital News Update Your Computer: Apple Issues OS X and Safari Patch Following Attempted Human Rights Hack Janko Roettgers Senior Silicon Valley Correspondent @jank0 1 Share This Article Email LinkedIn Pin It Tumblr Print Jonny Gawler/Future/REX/Shutterstock September 2, 2016 | 02:54PM PT It’s time to update your Macbook: Apple issued updates for OS X and its Safari browser this week to close a loophole that could allow attackers to take over a computer and execute programs to steal data or spy on its user. News of the update was first reported by Motherboard. The fix comes a week after Apple patched a similar vulnerability for iPhones, and the timing apparently is no coincidence: Apple credited digital rights group Citizen Lab and security software company Lookout with finding the now-fixed OS X vulnerability. Both were also at the center of last week’s iOS fix. Last week’s iPhone update was the result of an attempted hack directed against pro-democracy activist Ahmed Mansoor, who was targeted for his work against human rights violations in the United Arab Emirates. Mansoor had received suspicious text messages attempting to trick him into installing malware on his device. The software in question, which would have allowed outsiders to hijack his phone and download data from it, has reportedly been developed by the NSO Group, a secretive Israeli surveillance company. The New York Times reported Friday that the NSO Group sells spyware like this to foreign governments for steep fees: Spying on 10 iPhone users costs up to $1.15 million. Most users will likely never be the subject to such targeted surveillance campaigns, but it’s still a good idea to update your computer immediately. After all, other rogue actors could exploit the same vulnerability. Apple made the latest patches available as part of its regular update process. Filed Under: Apple Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 1 2016-2017 Oscar Predictions Most Popular 1 TV 3:54PM PT Kim Kardashian Tearfully Breaks Silence on Robbery in ‘Keeping Up’ Teaser Trailer 2 Biz 2:06PM PT Intelligence Report Says That Putin Sought to Help Trump and ‘Denigrate’ Clinton 3 Film 1:21PM PT Box Office: ‘Rogue One,’ ‘Sing,’ ‘Hidden Figures’ Fight for Top Spot 4 Dirt 12:50PM PT Mike Myers Snags House-Sized Condo at Paparazzi-Proof Complex in New York City 5 Digital 12:20PM PT CES Trends: Get Ready for Your TV to Disappear Is the Academy Taking Tom Hanks for Granted? Dear Academy: Please Keep These Oscar Contenders in Mind Playback: Ava DuVernay on ‘13th,’ Donald Trump and a Weakened Democratic Party Golden Globe Film Predictions: Who Will Win? Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply 1 Comment Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. John says: September 2, 2016 at 3:48 pm Remember just 10 years ago Mac computers were touted as “virus free”? Now there are more hacks, malware for Macs than there are for PC. Reply More Digital News from Variety The Power of Content Self-Publish Your Snapchat With One of These Hardcover Photo… Governator Bows Before President-Elect In 'Celebrity Apprentice'… Here's How to Win Four Pairs of Men's Shoes CBS Adds Episodes of Kevin Can Wait, Man With a Plan and Great… Obama's anger translator is back to say what everyone's thinking… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line BGR WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 2:34pm Sat 7 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox How Apple calculates and pays its taxes By Leonid Bershidsky 6:00 AM Saturday Sep 3, 2016 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Apple Apple Inc Company Taxation Europe Ireland Taxation United States Apple's claim that it has always paid all the taxes it owed is disingenuous. Photo / Getty Images Apple's legal defence against European Commission charges of improper tax avoidance is yet to be heard. But even based on the company's own reporting, Apple's claim that it has always paid all the taxes it owed is disingenuous. The recent ruling - forcing Ireland to hit the iPhone maker with 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion) in back taxes - throws harsh light on a long-standing practise that Apple described to investors but never stressed. Now it will be tested in the courts. Both Apple chief executive Tim Cook and chief financial officer Luca Maestri have angrily rebutted the European Commission's statement that Apple's effective tax rate in Ireland in 2014 was a mere 0.005 percent. Cook called it "total political crap." They claim Apple paid $400 million in Irish taxes that year. A careful reading of the statement, though, shows that the 0.005 per cent rate is only ascribed to one of Apple's Irish entities, Apple Sales International. Though Commissioner Margrethe Vestager got the headlines she wanted by stressing the miniscule figure, this line of discussion is a red herring. What does require scrutiny is how Apple's 26 per cent effective tax rate, which Cook keeps bringing up in his company's defence, is worked out. Apple's profit and loss statements for several recent years have indeed provided for about 26 percent of its pretax profits to be paid as income taxes. As often happens, the company didn't actually pay that much: On a cash basis, it has spent about 18 per cent of its pre-tax profit on taxes in the last three financial years. The rest of the expenses the company accounted for swelled the tax liability on its balance sheet. When its 2015 financial year ended, the company had a net deferred liability of $16.2 billion sitting on its books . Continued below. Related Content NZME scoops awards on both sides of Tasman Market Watch: Can the bull run last? Apple CEO Tim Cook faces his biggest challenge The income tax provision includes foreign taxes, which are calculated at a low effective rate. In its 2015 annual report, Apple said, for example, that 2014 foreign pre-tax earnings reached $33.6 billion, for which it made a $1.5 billion foreign tax provision. That's a 4.5 per cent effective rate on profits earned in Europe, Asia, Africa and Latin America; in there somewhere is the $400 million in payments to Ireland, the much smaller payments made in other European countries and the growing tax bills from China. The amount of unrecognised deferred tax liability related to these temporary differences is estimated to be $30.0 billion. That may seem to vindicate Vestager's charge of underpayment, but Cook wasn't wrong to say Vestager took her figure out of context. Apple makes a provision for US taxes on a portion of its foreign earnings, which it may at some point repatriate. Once it does so, it will have to shell out the difference between the US taxes due and the foreign ones already paid. In the meantime, the provision makes the effective tax rate on the US portion of Apple profits look outsized: 64.7 per cent in 2015 and 62.8 per cent in 2014. Those booked but not necessarily paid US taxes account for some of the difference between the tax amounts Apple carries on its profit and loss statement and the actual cash payments, and they explain the 26 per cent effective rate of which Cook boasts. But there is another, underwater part of Apple's tax iceberg on which the company doesn't even make a provision for US taxes, only for foreign ones at low rates. Apple says in its 2015 annual report: "Substantially all of the Company's undistributed international earnings intended to be indefinitely reinvested in operations outside the US were generated by subsidiaries organised in Ireland, which has a statutory tax rate of 12.5 per cent. As of September 26, 2015, US income taxes have not been provided on a cumulative total of $91.5 billion of such earnings. The amount of unrecognised deferred tax liability related to these temporary differences is estimated to be $30.0 billion." I think it's a desire to reallocate taxes that should be paid in the US to the EU. That's a 32.8 effective rate that Apple calculates it might face if it repatriated all the "indefinitely reinvested" profits, less than the US statutory rate of 35 per cent. Ostensibly, a provision for Irish taxes on the $91.5 billion in earnings has already been made -- but given Apple's outraged reaction to the European Commission's ruling, that may not be the case. Even before the Commission decision was published, Irish economist Seamus Coffey arrived at the approximate amount of back taxes the EU might force Ireland to extract from Apple. Applying Ireland's statutory tax rate, 12.5 per cent, to the profits of Apple Sales International from 2004 to 2013 gives about $14 billion. In effect, the European Commission is telling Apple to pay full Irish taxes, and not the single-digit rates that it provided for, on earnings it never planned to repatriate. "I think it's a desire to reallocate taxes that should be paid in the US to the EU," Cook told the Irish Independent. His company, however, did not make a provision for paying the taxes in the US - and made an insufficient one for paying in Ireland. Being forced to pay US taxes on these profits would be far more damaging, but Apple failed to plan for the potential that its special tax-minimising arrangement with the Irish government - one which allowed it to allocate substantial profits to a "head office" outside Ireland - would prove a contravention of EU law. When the Commission's decision was announced, many assumed - and Irish Finance Minister Michael Noonan promised - to appeal it. Cook, too, has expressed hope that this would be the case. But the government has delayed a decision on the appeal: Some ministers doubt that Ireland was right in undertaxing Apple as it did, and the windfall would be welcome in a debt-ridden country hurt by years of post-crisis austerity. Apple will appeal the decision in any case. If it loses - that is, if courts decide that profits booked in Ireland should have been taxed there at the statutory rate or close to it so that all companies operating there get a level playing field - the US company will have to admit to investors that it had been overoptimistic on its tax provision. It has already admitted it indirectly by boosting its effective foreign tax rate to 6.1 per cent in 2015. Its tech peers such as Google, Microsoft, Oracle, Qualcomm and Cisco, which also have been accumulating untaxed or barely taxed profits overseas, now will need to look at their tax provisions, too, and decide if they are safe. Talk about European overreach is beside the point: It's not going to sway the courts, which will be more concerned with the issue of whether taxes were properly charged and paid. That's something that would take Apple some serious effort to prove. - Bloomberg> By Leonid Bershidsky Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Charges over Kerikeri ute crash The driver of a ute that crashed into three lamp posts and rolled in Northland yesterday… Hawke's Bay Today Tourists' envy at best job around Gannet Beach Adventures managing director Kim Lindsay says the company is seeing a hike… Bay of Plenty Times Book shop closure end of an era The boom in charity fundraising book sales has killed off the last book exchange on the… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Steady start for new Mustang drift car New Mustang prepped for opening D1NZ drift hit out at Manfeild... Viva Icy treats to make these holidays Cool down with these recipes, from granita to icecream True Commercial Immigration boosts commercial property demand The commercial property market continues its strong performance More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf05 at 07 Jan 2017 14:34:44 Processing Time: 590ms
null
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Pictured: Florida 'air rage' gunman, 26, who 'argued with passengers' before taking gun from luggage and executing five in baggage hall - as it's revealed he was treated at mental hospital after telling FBI he was forced to fight for ISIS Trump ignores America's spy chiefs and says Russia hacking had 'no effect' on the election - despite intelligence report claiming Putin 'ordered influence campaign' to help him win Elderly couple who jumped off Las Vegas parking garage in 'joint suicide' had thousands of dollars of credit card debt Angelina Jolie accuses Brad Pitt of 'publicly impugning' her character in new court documents saying actor is 'terrified the truth will come out'  Are YOU a non-responder? Why some people find it harder to get fit - and expert advice on how to fix it  Final farewell to two Hollywood icons: Carrie Fisher's ashes arrive in a Prozac-pill urn as she is laid to rest with mother Debbie Reynolds at funeral attended by mourners including Billie Lourd and Taylor Lautner Scientology lawyer goes on national TV to slam Leah Remini for show that led to death threats against their leader David Miscavige Mom who 'killed her three-year-old son and dumped his body in a suitcase in a swamp' says she has no remorse because he 'was the soul of Hitler' Taking up running? Here's what you need to know to make it to February before giving up  We really ARE made of stardust: Researchers reveal how the elements of life are spread through the universe  EXCLUSIVE: Chicago torture victim, 18, is asking why 'friend he idolized' was one of black gang who beat, burned and tortured him chanting 'f*** Trump, f*** white people' Judge denies bail for four suspects in Chicago torture video as prosecutor reveals they demanded $300 from the disabled, schizophrenic victim's mother during the ordeal  Revealed: The six warning signs that prove you NEED to leave your job (and why this is the best time to land your dream career) Crews searching Lake Erie find 'human remains' on seat of plane that was carrying six people when it disappeared over a week ago America is unprepared for a killer asteroid impact and must accelerate 'doomsday plan' to develop bombs and robot spacecraft to save Earth, White House report claims Convicted killer, 57, becomes first US inmate to receive state-funded sexual reassignment surgery in California Breaking Bad 'NOLA' style: Louisiana teacher and her husband were running a meth lab out of the home they shared with their 7-YEAR-OLD CHILD  'I'm a normal guy. I just fancy six-year-olds: 'Virtuous' pedophile who is aroused by girls aged under 13 but 'doesn't act on his impulses' reveals he's happily married Bible Belt hit with snow: Rare winter storm bringing snow, sleet and rain to the Deep South...and it's claimed one life so far Is there a lost city in Antarctica? Mysterious dome 'building' may have been created by an ancient civilisation, bizarre theory claims REVEALED: Prince Harry 'has taken girlfriend Meghan Markle to Norway to see the Northern Lights on their first romantic holiday together'  Tiny brain and greasy hair found INSIDE ovary of 16-year-old girl Philadelphia deliveryman wrongly shot 14 times by police wins $4.4million settlement, the city's largest payout in history Pennsylvania woman 'drove into a river to avoid arrest then ignored officers and continued drinking BEER as she floated in her car' Previous Next Genius style: Black turtleneck that once belonged to Apple CEO Steve Jobs is up for auction A black turtleneck, books, keys, and another personal items are available The goods are being auctioned online by auction house Julien's Live Jobs was known for wearing black turtlenecks with denim jeans  By Zoe Szathmary For Dailymail.com Published: 17:45 EST, 2 September 2016 | Updated: 00:08 EST, 3 September 2016 e-mail 25 shares 20 View comments A black turtleneck, books, keys, and another personal items that belonged to the late Apple CEO and co-founder Steve Jobs are up for auction. The goods are being auctioned online by the auction house Julien's Live. Jobs was famous for wearing black turtlenecks with denim jeans.  The black turtleneck in the auction includes the logo for NeXT, a computer company Jobs founded after he left Apple. A black turtleneck once worn by the late Apple CEO and co-founder Steve Jobs is up for auction The current bid for the black turtleneck is $1,000. Julien's Live says the back of the shirt has the words '1980s: Personal Computing/ 1990s: Interpersonal Computing' Jobs is pictured in a black turtleneck and denim jeans. He died in October 2011 Julien's Live says the back of the shirt has the words '1980s: Personal Computing/ 1990s: Interpersonal Computing'. The current bid for the turtleneck is $1,000. Julien's Live estimates that the garment will go for $1,000 to $3,000. Also being auctioned off is a leather jacket once owned by Jobs. He had the jacket on in a 1983 photo which showed Jobs the middle finger to an IBM sign. The current bid for the jacket is $4,000 - and Julien's Live estimates the jacket will go for $8,000 - $12,000.  The current bid for a leather jacket owned by Jobs (left) is $4,000. His old bathrobe, which comes with electric razors, has a current bid of $250 The current bid for a book written by Regis McKenna includes a handwritten note from the author and has a current bid of $250 A book written by Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak includes a handwritten note from Wozniak which says 'For the terminally ill Woz'. Its current bid is $600 'A Christian Dior brand brown terrycloth bathrobe and a pair of Eltron brand electric razors owned by Steve Jobs' has a current bid of $250, the company says. It estimates the lot will go for $400 - $600. A Versace wallet is being auctioned together with an ID badge and some business cards. The current bid is $4,000. The lot had been expected to go for $1,000 - $2,000. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Will the iPhone 7 be BLUE? Speaker design appears to confirm... Share this article Share Julien's Live says the lot includes: 'A black leather Versace brand wallet owned by Steve Jobs, together with Jobs' personal aluminum ID name badge for his company NeXT; two personal NeXT business cards, and one personal Pixar business card.' The online auction ends on September 23. A Versace wallet is being auctioned together with an ID badge and some business cards. The current bid is $4,000 The late Apple CEO's keys are up for auction as well. The current bid is $400 Read more: Celebrity Auctions & Memorabilia Share or comment on this article e-mail 25 shares Most watched News videos Dan Bilzerian show off glitzy lifestyle as 'King of Instagram' Blind man attaches GoPro to guide dog to record his commute Cyclist forced off the road by dangerous braking driver Heartbreaking moment horse cries at owner's funeral 'I thought he was going to hit me': Ann Widdecombe on Philpott Great White shark breaches the water in pursuit of a tasty treat "UFO" has been filmed demonstrating highly unusual behaviour Stepdaughter surprises stepmom with adoption papers at Christmas Meryl Streep arrives at Debbie Reynolds' and Carrie Fisher's memorial Dangling kid rescued from a ski lift at Whistler Mountain Police Video Shows Rescue Of Kidnapped Man Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds are buried together Pictured: The Fort Lauderdale 'air rage' gunman who 'argued... Millennials are entitled, narcissistic and lazy - but it's... Black teens are charged with a HATE CRIME after... Now Obama's building a wall! Workers put the finishing... Gwyneth Paltrow, Meryl Streep and Meg Ryan among the stars... EXCLUSIVE: Chicago torture victim, 18, is asking why 'friend... 'We felt it was where she'd want to be': Carrie Fisher's... Downfall of the $400,000-a-year Gawker editor: AJ Daulerio... The £70,000 a week unit where George Michael hoped to beat... PIERS MORGAN: Call this disgusting attack in Obama’s back... 'King of Instagram' flaunts his lavish lifestyle in boastful... EXCLUSIVE: At least 18 MORE Guantanamo detainees to be freed... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (20) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'They're going to shoot me in the back!' Kim Kardashian breaks silence on Paris heist and shares emotional reaction to Kanye West's breakdown Carrie Fisher's ashes brought to funeral in giant Prozac pill that was her 'favorite possession' as she buried with her mother Debbie Reynolds  The white stuff! Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries shows off her ample assets and svelte figure in a teeny lace-up bikini as she hits the beach in Miami Gwyneth Paltrow joins Emma Roberts and Bella Thorne at publicist's star-studded birthday party She was accompanied by beau Brad Falchuck Fringe benefits! Bella Hadid debuts bangs as she paints the town in pink in an unusual ensemble Was spotted in a LA nightclub with the look 'Double up!' Blac Chyna and Amber Rose show off two-times the curves posing in front of matching Rolls Royces wearing skintight leggings Real passion! Chris Pratt and Anna Faris share steamy on-screen kiss for his guest episode on Mom... which even went on after take was over Red hot! Larsa Pippen sizzles in a skimpy string bikini and rocks cornrows as she hits Miami Beach Mother-of-two, 42, turned heads on the sand   Walking on the wild side! Nicky Hilton steps out in NYC wearing leopard print coat with skintight PVC leggings She was fresh from a skiing trip to Aspen  'She had a great, generous energy': Adam Driver pays tribute to his Star Wars co-star Carrie Fisher, describing her death as a 'tragedy' Paid his respects How Ms Markle gets her sparkle! From massages on the INSIDE of her face to libido-boosting vitamins, Harry's girlfriend Meghan shares her tips Simply the breast! Ashley Graham displays major underboob in curve flaunting bikini during sun-soaked Seychelles break The 29-year-old model . Angelina Jolie accuses Brad Pitt of 'publicly impugning' her character in new court documents saying actor is 'terrified the truth will come out'  Scientology slams Leah Remini saying her show on their alleged abuses led to death threats against David Miscavige  Ugly war of words 'Morning coffee!' LeAnn Rimes flaunts serious sideboob in a skimpy bikini as she takes in the view on tropical getaway The 34-year-old singer Alec Baldwin mocks Donald Trump in Russian language Make America Great Again cap while walking with wife Hilaria Is still making jokes about the president-elect But first, let me take a selfie! Sam Smith happily poses for photos with fans as the British singer celebrates the New Year in Sydney Partied in style  Big Apple bound! Anne Hathaway goes make-up free and flees Los Angeles amid Golden Globes weekend Touched down at JFK to avoid the awards  Booty call! Ray J reveals he used a VERY risqué method to try and smuggle his phone into the CBB house He hasn't shied away in the house  Kanye eats soup as North plays happily in Kim Kardashian's intimate pictures of family life with the Wests Slice of normal life Prince Harry 'has taken girlfriend Meghan Markle to Norway to see the Northern Lights on their first romantic holiday together'  Flew out to Tromso Tom Jones embroiled in fat-shaming row after claiming the first Voice UK winner failed to break the chart due to her weight  Controversial comment EXCLUSIVE: 'He's the Kardashians' baggage handler!' Ray J's manager David Weintraub defends his tweet slamming Jonathan Cheban EXCLUSIVE: Shannen Doherty's husband demands her ex managers hand over 'key documents' supporting claims the firm ruined his sex life  Instagram star the 'Fat Jew' and his wife of two years file for divorce (and she gets to keep all the dogs) He will only be able to visit the pooches  Ready, set, make-up! Zendaya and James Charles race to create bold smoky eye looks to inspire your Friday night out in a new video for CoverGirl He's a star baby! Pink shows off week-old baby Jameson... as big sister Willow reveals new pink hairdo The 37-year-old and her adorable kids 'The body of a 20 year old': RHOM's Pettifleur Berenger, 52, looks half her age as she flaunts her INCREDIBLE body in lingerie Stunning mom-of-three EXCLUSIVE: Kate Hudson's company Fabletics fires back at ex-employee's 'wrongful termination' lawsuit, denying they pried into medical files Don't forget to look down! Country music star Brett Eldredge finds huge snake in his toilet bowl in the Bahamas Big early morning shock for singer  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ben Affleck spends the whole day with pretty 'detox nurse' who offers 'sober companion support' Split from Jen in 2015 'Happiest I've been in years:' Khloe Kardashian gushes over boyfriend Tristan Thompson and goals for 2017 'In love' with hoops star Check me out! Pamela Anderson rocks the vintage look in mid-length dress as she goes grocery shopping  Baywatch star, 49, takes trip to Trader Joe's Bright and beautiful! Naomie Harris cuts a striking figure in a smart lemon yellow frock as she steps out at the AFI Awards  Sophisticated style  Near-weeping Michelle Obama delivers valedictory appeal to 'hope' as she says being First Lady was 'greatest honor of my life'  Eyes filling with tears Ciara 'decides to drop $15 million defamation lawsuit against ex Future' She filed the suit after several comments about her parenting abilities 'I have psoriasis on my face!' Kim Kardashian reveals skin condition has worsened after traumatic Paris heist She's long battled with chronic skin condition NASCAR driver Jimmie Johnson opens the doors to his luxurious $14million West Village family pad which has room for plenty of (toy) cars 'I love Melania. She's beautiful': Designer Gabbana praises Mrs Trump for wearing D&G dress and fires back at 'ignorant' trolls who criticized him  Cool as ice! Karlie Kloss rocks shredded skinny jeans as she braves the wintry New York streets She kept warm with a smile, but still bared skin 'He's a young Canadian fellow:' Mark Wahlberg hints that Justin Bieber came to dinner.... to his daughter's delight The Ted actor spoke about his 13-year-old  La La Land in real life! Emma Stone and on-screen beau Ryan Gosling join Michelle Williams and a star-studded Hollywood crowd at the AFI Awards Drastically different! Justin Theroux is transformed into bespectacled guy next door in new Netflix movie Mute Looks like Harry Potter EXCLUSIVE: She wore a  black wig, Ray-Bans and called herself Zelda Zonk: How Marilyn Monroe escaped LA for a new life in New York  Her affair with Brando Going for gold! Slender Kourtney Kardashian flaunts enviable figure in metallic cut-out swimsuit as she soaks up the sun in the Bahamas She's picture perfect! Olivia Wilde is ready for the snow as she takes to the streets of New York in her winter gear Wrapped up warm, headed to photo shoot Chrissy Teigen looks leggy in slim black pants as she jets off on yet another trip with John Legend Matching their dark duds at LAX  Donald Trump refuses the Obamas' offer to leave the White House swing set for his son Barron so the outgoing President donates it to charity instead  Oh baby! Mel Gibson, 61, pats pregnant girlfriend Rosalind Ross, 26, on the bottom at AFI Awards Looking to be a year to remember for Mel  Instagram star the 'Fat Jew' and his wife of two years are getting a divorce, and splitting up their puppy family Social media sensation Josh Ostrovsky Revealed: Why the Duchess of Cambridge only ever carries a clutch bag - and the reason makes her seem VERY standoffish Rarely without one The police have NOT accused me, insists George Michael's lover: Fadi Fawaz breaks his silence as officers continue to investigate singer's death Fifth Harmony re-signs deal with Epic Records as a quartet after Camila Cabello's exit to pursue solo career The new deal has been described as 'a win-win'  Now Obama's building a wall! Workers put the finishing touches to a brick barrier around $5million DC mansion where first family will live after White House  Gave him a Major Key! Robbie Williams sells enormous 11 bathroom Los Angeles mansion to DJ Khaled for $9.9m British singer parts ways with spectacular home As Gwen Stefani, Gigi Hadid, and Olivia Palermo step out in the season's hottest outerwear, FEMAIL rounds up chic (and affordable) puffer coats  Arnie hits back at Trump in war over The Apprentice ratings: Terminator tells Donald to concentrate on his new job after president elect mocked show I want a socially motivated career, says Euan: Tony Blair's eldest son quits City to recruit apprentices (but he's still got his property empire to fall back on) EXCLUSIVE: Somber Jonathan Cheban is pictured leaving Police Station after receiving 'serious threats'... three months after friend Kim Kardashian was robbed  No coat, no problem! Ivanka Trump shows off her glamorous velvet dress and bare legs as she heads to work despite frigid New York temperatures Incredible photographs show the REAL Downton Abbey more than 120 years ago (and the 'Granthams' even had a visit from the future King Edward VII)  'Me and my girl!' Reese Witherspoon poses for selfie with lookalike daughter Ava Phillippe Seventeen-year-old is spitting image of her actress mom  From Olivia Palermo's lustworthy booties to Forever 21's new line of REALLY cute activewear, FEMAIL reveals the affordable fashions we're loving this week 'Fired up!' Amy Schumer takes a ride on the airport conveyor belt as she jets to Hollywood for the Golden Globes Comedian lays down on an moving walkway. The next generation! Dolce & Gabbana unveils new campaign starring the sons of Cindy Crawford, Pamela Anderson, Jude Law, and Daniel Day-Lewis 'It's lonely on set!' Zoe Saldana on the difficulties of being a woman in the male- dominated film industry The Guardians Of The Galaxy star  'I'm not allowed to talk about that': Ed Sheeran awkwardly refuses to answer questions about the night Princess Beatrice sliced his face open with a sword  He's one hot dog! Olivia Palermo wraps up her pooch in mini rain boots and coat as he braves the snow Model, 30, wore shades and a chic velvet coat All done up! Good Morning America stars Ginger Zee and Eva Pilgrim wear full faces of MAKE-UP while testing out at-home face masks live on air  'I'm a trained actress!' Taraji P Henson on being typecast as 'from the hood'... as she joins Octavia Spencer and Janelle Monae on Essence cover Comfort comes first! Sarah Jessica Parker wraps up warm as she heads to a salon to prep for the Golden Globes Getting her hair done by Serge Normant  Leigh-Anne Pinnock flaunts her enviably peachy posterior in a skimpy black swimsuit on beach break  Little Mix singer soaking up the sunshine  'They're very serious': Katie Holmes celebrated the New Year with 'boyfriend' Jamie Foxx in Miami The pair have never talked about romance REVEALED: Rumors abound at NBC that Megyn Kelly, 46, will 'push out' Savannah Guthrie, 45, to get lead anchor role on Today  Could be war  Flip Or Flop couple deny Tarek El Moussa caught wife Christina sending contractor 'inappropriate texts' Fresh claims about HGTV pair's split Top of the crops! Bella Thorne displays svelte figure in purple sports bra as she works up a sweat at Pilates Enjoyed a workout session  Donald Trump brings along Kellyanne Conway and Hope Hicks for meeting with Conde Nast editors including Vanity Fair foe Graydon Carter 'We were screaming!' Sylvester Stallone's stunning daughters Sophia, Sistine and Scarlet admit their shock at shared Miss Golden Globes title Dip it low! Bella Thorne twerks up a storm after planting a kiss on her female friend during DNCE private show She certainly knows how to turn heads Make-up free Felicity Jones shows off her natural beauty as she bundles up in her winter warmers at Heathrow Promoting Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Now that's a rock! Serena Williams reveals her diamond sparkler after announcing engagement to Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian For sale! Lauren Conrad lists Los Angeles mansion for $5.2 million after announcing she's expecting first child Already making plans Mariah Carey plays happy families with ex-husband Nick Cannon and their twins days after disastrous New Year's Eve performance  Jessica Biel stuns in black dress as she joins husband Justin Timberlake at Golden Globes party She's bringing sexy back  He's back! Val Kilmer looks healthy as he makes rare public appearance at Golden Globes event in LA following tracheostomy procedure a year ago Anything for Matt! Savannah Guthrie returns to Today from maternity leave for Lauer's anniversary amidst claims Megyn Kelly is after her job New look! Marvel reveals high-tech upgrades to Spider-Man's costume ahead of Homecoming premiere Big announcement  Gwyneth Paltrow is supported by her boyfriend Brad Falchuck as she joins a host of Hollywood stars at Carrie Fisher's private memorial service Meryl Streep is among stars who attend private family memorial service to lay Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher to rest Friends and family paid their final respects  Make-up free Courtney Love looks mournful as she and Frances Bean Cobain leave memorial of Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds hand in hand 'Pregnant' Irina Shayk wears loose black sweater dress while visiting Bradley Cooper on his 42nd birthday From cover girl to cover up Seeing double! Ashley Olsen, 30, puckers up to beau Richard Sachs, 58, as she enjoys romantic dinner date with sister Mary-Kate and husband Olivier Sarkozy, 47 Keeping dry! Chloe Grace Moretz bundles up in layers as she braves the rainy Beverly Hills streets She brought the wet weather back with her Back to work with a bang! Queen Letizia of Spain wows at a military ceremony in a figure-skimming gown as she returns to royal duties after the festive break New couple alert! Hailee Steinfeld, 20, and Cameron Smoller make public debut at event ahead of Golden Globes after teasing relationship for months David Spade rushed to hospital after three-car crash destroys his Range Rover The comedian is recovering at home after the scary collision  'Work shy' Prince William defies his critics as he gets stuck into his pilot duties and flies a sick patient into hospital following his Christmas and New Year break 'She's all that': Newlywed Margot Robbie stuns as she tenderly kisses her husband Tom Ackerley in romantic social media snap Gospel singer Kim Burrell's radio show is canceled just days after she was dropped from the Ellen DeGeneres show following homophobic sermon Man about town! Mickey Rourke indulges love of fashion with matching Louis Vuitton purse and shoes Took toy Pomeranian with him, too Lizzie McHigher! Tiny Hilary Duff struggles to reach the top shelf at Whole Foods... and clambers over produce to get at it  Skip and a jump Detectives question George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz as senior detectives take over the inquiry amid fears the singer was killed by a drugs overdose  The 17 films that are set to make 2017 a BLOCKBUSTER year for cinema: A 'feisty feminist' Beauty, Churchill in his pomp and superheroes galore  'You don't want to dream too big in case it doesn't happen': Monster Trucks star Samara Weaving reveals excitement at scoring Hollywood gig Beard be gone! Mel Gibson finally has his long facial hair shaved off... by a stranger on Jimmy Kimmel Live! who also offered him a Brazilian wax Kate Bosworth looks a vision in a stylish black bandeau dress as she cozies up to husband Michael Polish at lavish dinner party in LA The 34-year-old actress The $100,000 a week unit where George Michael hoped to beat his demons: Singer spent a YEAR in Swiss clinic offering bizarre 'electric shock therapy'  Brad Pitt had 'ONE visit with several of the younger kids' over the holiday season as divorce battle continues The star is only allowed supervised visitation  Suki Waterhouse sizzles in sheer bralet as she flaunts her taut stomach reciting Shakespeare in steamy new LOVE Advent video  The holidays aren't over! 'This is how the Hunger Games start!' Comedians Key and Peele revive their 'Obama Anger Translator' characters to blast Trump PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: In love and in paradise! Kylie Jenner and Tyga can't keep their hands off of each other as they splash around the ocean in Mexico 'Day one, pitches!': Rebel Wilson shares behind-the-scenes snap from set of Pitch Perfect 3... as Ruby Rose confirms she will join the cast 'Time to drop some lbs': Hoda Kotb invites fans to join her New Year's weight loss resolution as she reveals her exact weight with snap of her scales Old flame for the new year Ryan? Seacrest takes ex-girlfriend Shayna Taylor shopping in Beverly Hills Have the pair rekindled their romance?  Three's a charm! Hayden Panettiere wears multiple outfits as she promotes Nashville in NYC Knows the benefit of a quick change Bikini-clad Larsa Pippen is the latest celeb to jump on the controversial 'teatox' bandwagon A host of celebs are on the regime  Sewing his future! Kanye West is spotted leaving his fashion headquarters after working a late night during break from the music scene  'Travel diary': Kourtney Kardashian shares sexy bikini shots showing off her impossibly flat abs as she enjoys the Bahamas Hot mother of three New year, new start! Fifth Harmony posts first group portrait WITHOUT Camila Cabello Four members brought in the new year with a photo, with one missing 'Daddy-daughter time!' Jamie Foxx brings his eight-year-old Annalise to the Sleepless premiere Oscar-winning actor enjoyed  family time  Gavin Rossdale's model daughter Daisy Lowe teases a glimpse of rarely seen bikini line tattoo in a near see-through swimsuit on Miami beach Cher, 70, to star in Lifetime film about Flint, Michigan water crisis after implying governor should be arrested Is an outspoken critic of the city's problems  A vision in white! Alessandra Ambrosio shows off her incredible body in a strappy bathing suit during holiday in Brazil Sizzled on the sand  Kesha catches departing flight in colourful floral-print coat after stepping back from social media The 29-year-old singer flew in style from LAX Make-up free Jennifer Garner enjoys a rare rainy day in LA with her sweet son Samuel  The mother-son duo appeared to be happy with the wet conditions Brexit is to blame says Jamie Oliver as he closes six of his Jamie's Italian restaurants putting 120 staff out of work Celebrity chef's woe Disco diva! Sports Illustrated model Hailey Clauson flaunts her ample assets in plunging seventies inspired number at pre Golden Globes party It's like they never left Vegas! Someone from the Hangover cast accidentally broke Mavis Spencer's foot when she was Miss Golden Globes Shrug it off! Leading ladies Amy Adams and Emma Stone wear off-the-shoulder dresses at pre Golden Globes party Both up for Best Actress Disney considers its plot options for Princess Leia in final two Star Wars films in wake of Carrie Fisher's death Cast are still said to be reeling from her death Teresa Palmer proudly posts breastfeeding photo after she was criticized for continuing to nurse her son, 2, saying it's up to HIM to decide when she stops She's got some front! Ireland Baldwin stuns in strapless black dress at W Magazine party at famed Chateau Marmont  What a stunner Sofia Richie has lunch date with her BFF Nicola Peltz's older brother Will as they grab sushi in Beverly Hills Pair went to Sugarfish for some sushi  What a gentleman! Joe Jonas shows his chivalry during date with girlfriend Sophie Turner They recently made their relationship Instagram official Finally getting rid of the bachelor pad! Rob Kardashian places Calabasas home on the market for $2.68M after living separately from Blac Chyna Kylie Jenner returns from Mexico... and makes cameo on half-sister Khloé's Revenge Body premiere Enjoyed a vacation with beau Tyga  All right in white! Ruby Rose flaunts her tattooed torso in a unique jumpsuit at the Mexican premiere of her latest film xXx: Return of Xander Cage Don't cry over spilt milk! Caitlyn Jenner looks glum as she does a grocery shop in a low key makeup look as her MAC collection hits stores Riddle of the ring: Emma Roberts removes Evan Peter's engagement bling again Hollywood star is raising questions about her relationship  Naomie Harris puts on 15 years in three days in the role of her life: Actress forced to rapidly film scenes for Moonlight after visa mix-up  Lily Collins wows in barely-there sheer silver gown at W Magazine Celebrates the Best Performances event in LA Dazzled in a long dress  Back to work! Melissa Benoist looks happy to be on set of Supergirl after filing for divorce Actress shot scenes for the third series in a cold Vancouver  Make-up free Anne Hathaway shows off her svelte figure in leggings during West Hollywood shopping trip Has a flawless post-baby body  Wedded bliss! Luann de Lesseps looks smitten on her honeymoon in Florida with husband Tom D'Agostino Post-wedding bliss  A pants new look! Make-up free Sienna Miller pushes the fashion envelope in trendy culottes as she jets into LA ahead of the Golden Globes  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, gives an overzealous fan a LAP DANCE as she flashes her derriere in saucy clown costume at charity fundraiser East is East star Om Puri dies in India aged 66 after a successful career in Bollywood and Hollywood Tributes have flooded in from the world of film 'What if she's the one to break the spell?': Emma Watson is charmed by brutish Dan Stevens in latest Beauty And The Beast trailer Sneak peak Pucker up! Jimmy Fallon leans in for an awkward kiss with Ellen DeGeneres as he gears up for Golden Globes Jimmy is hosting the awards on Sunday 'I love my brother, my friend and my scene partner!' Ruby Rose gushes over xXx: Return of Xander Cage co-star Vin Diesel as the pair pose for a selfie  Kendall Jenner models huge snake tattoo on her booty for new V Magazine shoot Sexy 21-year-old shows off dramatic inking in high cut underwear 'We've been asked to keep ourselves available': Downton Abbey star Jim Carter drops biggest hint yet that there WILL be film of hit TV drama  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Lamar Odom is seen checking out of rehab after month-long stay and is 'doing much better' as he heads back home to LA 'She is my everything': Anorexic beauty queen who was so thin she was told she had a month to live credits TV chef Paula Deen with saving her life  'He was a super dad': Christopher Reeve's son Will Reeve remembers his dad as a real-life hero  Beloved Superman star's youngest child  Meet the new, low-key Kim Kardashian: Reality star swaps racy bikini snaps for grainy shots of home life with North and Saint as her social media return rolls on It's OK to window shop! Topshop heiress Chloe Green giggles with friends as they admire a hunky passer-by on the beach in Miami during family getaway  Size 14 model and Self cover star Iskra Lawrence asks magazine to pull its 'restrictive' eating plan after critics claimed it is 'promoting starvation' Coming to the boil!  Justin Bieber 'offers settlement to former neighbors over house egging incident'... as they fight bid to limit damages Who's that girl? Glamorous Jasmine Waltz looks almost unrecognizable in modelling shots from seven years ago Big difference Stepmom in training! Kylie Jenner, 19, dotes on Tyga's son while parading around in sexy mesh swimsuit in Mexico Doting on King Cairo, 4 Eric Idle, 73, arrives on crutches following ankle surgery to honor Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds at private memorial service The Monty Python star Are YOU using the right face cleanser? We reveal the best washes, balms and oils for every skin type, so you can get a complexion to rival Cate Blanchett's Chaotic 911 call reporting Debbie Reynolds' stroke a day after the death of her daughter Carrie Fisher is released Drama at son's home Beyonce and Jay Z, Bruce Springsteen, and Oprah among anti-Trump A-listers invited to President Obama's final White House Bash Will she conceive in the Celebrity Big Brother house? Heidi Montag reveals she's 'ready to become a mum'... and wants to give birth THIS year 'It still affects me': An emotional Ray J breaks down on Celebrity Big Brother as he reveals continuing struggle to accept Whitney Houston's death  'We were both players': Ray J brands former flame Kim Kardashian a 'CHEATER' as he discusses romance with CBB housemates Jonathan Cheban soaks up the London nightlife as he claims you 'couldn't pay' him to go back on CBB and furiously denies being dropped from the show Val Chmerkovskiy defends relationship with Amber Rose as his fans and social media trolls post vile comments on loved up Instagrams What's going on here? Paris Hilton's ex Rob Mills and The Voice' star Ellen Reed put on an affectionate display at Brisbane restaurant Pair looked very close The pose of love! Makeup-free Gigi Hadid and Zayn Malik make for an incredibly good looking pair in some snuggly snaps   Just chilling out  Off-duty Lara Stone goes make-up free behind large sunglasses on casual dog walk... after ramping up the glamour for busty V Magazine shoot Need motivation to hit the gym? Take a cue from Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and Hilary Duff and slip on workout gear so stylish you'll be on the treadmill in no time Victoria's Secret Angel Bridget Malcolm shares bikini picture by the ocean after celebrating her second wedding to musician husband with her family and friends Hats off to her! Dame Vivienne Westwood rocks quirky headpiece as she hosts chic dinner with British Fashion Council Iconic designer  Not quite Stars Hollow! Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel set to star in dystopian Handmaid's Tale as subversive lesbian Quite the change in roles Greta Van Susteren announces new MSNBC show on same day Fox News reveals Tucker Carlson will replace Megyn Kelly Completes hat trick Beach bonding: Heidi Klum shares romantic day at the beach with handsome boyfriend Vito Schnabel May-December romance going strong in Miami Muhammad Ali's daughter slams reports of  family feud after its revealed his widow will receive DOUBLE the $6M inheritance of his nine children  'I'm a better mom': Nashville's Hayden Panettiere talks about post-partum depression for first time since seeking second treatment  Let her shine! Busty Dannii Minogue vamps it up in plunging PVC gown for magazine shoot as she prepares for TV talent show return  Stunning songstress  'She is so alive': Meryl Streep raves about Viola Davis as she presents actress with star on Hollywood Walk Of Fame Pair starred alongside each other in Doubt  Sweet treat! Kristin Cavallari celebrates her 30th birthday by eating cupcakes for breakfast TV star is a bona fide foodie, having authored two cookbooks  'Kissy Kissy Time': Nicole Kidman reveals secret code she and Keith Urban use when telling their daughters they want to have sex Bedroom confession She's moved on! Former Miss Universe Natalie Roser reveals she has a new personal trainer after reportedly splitting from gym owner fiance Dan Adair 'Newly-divorced with three kids isn't my type': CBB's Jasmine Waltz shoots down a romance with British soccer player after he fancies her  CBB's Ray J and Bianca Gascoigne are stripped of nomination power in cruel twist as the 'edited out' housemates are left helpless  She's a woman in love! Khloe Kardashian opts for comfort as she bundles up in a hearts, hugs and kisses hoodie after raving about her new guy Spellbinding! Charmed to return with TV reboot... but it will be set decades before original series Popular show has been confirmed by The CW  'I'd always beaten myself up because I was tied to a number': Oprah reveals that giving up numerical weight goals was the key to her  losing 42lbs Let's hear it for the boys! As YouTuber Manny MUA stars in Maybelline's new campaign, FEMAIL rounds up the top male beauty vloggers to know Wild thing! Ashley Graham displays her knock-out curves in fierce leopard bikini The star posted some smoking hot shots enjoying the sun 'Beyond thrilled!': Emmy winner and This Is Us star Sterling K. Brown joins cast of Marvel's Black Panther feature film Exciting opportunity  'We're in the business of wanting people to look good': Ryan Seacrest defends Dick Clark Productions after accusations of sabotage by Mariah Carey  Bethenny Frankel's lawyers 'considering action' against French book publisher for using similar logo to her cocktail brand Fight over Skinnygirl  Lucky escape: Taye Diggs narrowly avoids disaster after losing control of his Mercedes G Wagon in wet weather and crashing into a construction site PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Madonna, 58, cuddles up to her 'toyboy beau', 25, during family ski trip in Switzerland She's been braving the crisp cool air  Supermodel Naomi Campbell reveals she was threatened in Paris by carjackers who said they'd kill her  Beauty suffered a terrifying confrontation 'My baby': Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of little Dream dressed in overalls and collared shirt Star gushed over his eight-week-old daughter 'One of my daughters wants another sibling': Mom-of-four Nicole Kidman, 49, suggests she might have more children 'Maternal pull is strong' Bella Hadid rocks two street-chic outfits while out and about in rainy Los Angeles The 20-year-old model made city streets into her own personal runway Carrie Underwood reveals her paralyzed dog is learning to walk again thanks to hydrotherapy Instagram video shows pooch is on the mend YouTube star made famous for eating vegan food on camera breaks down in tears during a bizarre video rant renouncing veganism and insisting it is 'wrong' MILF gone wild! Busty Fergie, 41, drops jaws in tiny string bikini as she shows off her cheeky side during fun-filled beach day with husband Josh Duhamel 'I've never been a good dater': Hilary Duff talks romance, co-parenting with 'amazing' ex-husband Mike Comrie, and turning 30  The 29-year-old star  Faux the love of fashion! Ruby Rose highlights her offbeat style as she jets out off Los Angeles airport in a fluffy coat and combat boots 'We need to try and start CPR': Zsa Zsa Gabor's 911 phone reveals effort to save her life on day she died Husband Frederic 's call to operator Casey Affleck and Annette Bening join Leo DiCaprio in the long list of celebs set to present awards at the Golden Globes The stars are lining up Kate Beckinsale proves she's a style maven in black crop top and silky pants while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars  In New York City  Comedian who has made millions playing to the likes of Donald Trump and Barack Obama 'is really 55 years old even though he tells people he is 35' EXCLUSIVE: Jonathan Cheban fights with TV bosses over his fee... as $1million co-star Ray J's manager calls Kim Kardashian's BFF a 'little hanger on'  Michael Jackson's estate claims his choreographer is withholding vital evidence in sex abuse claim case and calls for him to be fined $17,000 'He takes a pretty good lash!' Tiger Woods opens up about 'fun' golf round with Donald and says Trump can hit the ball far for his age  Paired up in Florida John Travolta and daughter Ella shop at Barneys... after revealing how he keeps his 25-year marriage 'fresh' Family time for superstar Ivanka Trump is moving into a home once owned by a financier who is an outspoken critic of The Donald and has ties to a Putin rival Lamar Odom checks out of rehab after month-long stay and is 'doing much better' as he heads back home to LA Did 35-day program Tucker Carlson to replace Megyn Kelly on Fox News getting 9pm time slot of the departing host who says she 'will be cheering him on' Ivanka Trump ignores freezing temperatures in New York and steps out in a floral dress and BARE LEGS after returning from her tropical vacation Spurs mascot hilariously trolls Mariah Carey's New Years Eve meltdown with diva strop Coyote is out-of-sync in San Antonio 'He could be my dad's brother!': Kate Hudson reveals her 'weird' crush on Jeff Bridges as she plays guessing game with Michael Kors Pals have a giggle  Matt Lauer was 'kept in the dark' about Megyn Kelly's move to NBC - and was only told about it the morning the rest of the world found out Today Show host Lauer Back to business! Donald Trump Jr shares cute photo of the President-elect cuddling up to his grandson on the plane home from Florida vacation  'First selfie of 2017': Kim Kardashian flashes the peace sign in snap with Kris Jenner after three month social media hiatus The 36-year-old  'Angles can dramatically change a body': Model Robyn Lawley strips down to demonstrate how different body positions can change appearance A Donald Trump-themed restaurant opened in the heart of Iraqi Kurdistan after owner heard President-elect's promises to help defeat ISIS  Kylie Jenner sizzles in olive green bikini as she displays her incredible beach body and assets in Mexico Teen mogul flaunted her endless curves  Patrick Schwarzenegger hits the beach with his youthful mother Maria Shriver and model girlfriend Abby Champion in Mexico Tom Brady pens two-page handwritten note to family of a 20-year-old college student who was gunned down playing Pokemon Go NFL great's sadness. Jake Gyllenhaal shows off his impressive physique as he strips off for a dip in the ocean with pal Greta Caruso during St Barts break  Bulging biceps  Airline suing RHONJ's James and Amber  over claims they defamed flight attendant to cover up domestic violence after they were thrown off flight 'Leave her the hell alone': Mariah Carey's ex Tommy Mottola defends star but urges her to upgrade support staff in wake of THAT NYE performance 'Yes, I am single': Nicki Minaj confirms split from Meek Mill... as rapper responds by hurling style insults at her No longer together   Drake leads the streaming explosions as on demand services overtakes U.S. digital music sales for the first time Canadian rapper  Doing fine solo! Camila Cabello shows off her killer beach body in a white bikini after her split from Fifth Harmony Enjoying a Mexican getaway Mommy's little rocker! Angelina Jolie flies out of Colorado with guitar-toting Shiloh after a snowy family vacation  Seen boarding a private jet  Pharrell Williams embraces Ellen DeGeneres after condemning gospel singer Kim Burrell's homophobic rant Canceled appearance Hello new tattoo! Sofia Richie gets ink tribute to father Lionel at trendy NYC tattoo parlor Cover girl honors music legend as she gets yet another inking She's got front! Jessica Lowndes flaunts her busty cleavage in plunging bodycon dress as she enjoys night at celeb hot-spot Craig's CRINGE! One mother's verdict on Madonna, Victoria and Liz draping themselves over their teenage sons... and then posting the pictures on the internet Brew-tiful! Jennifer Garner shows off her trim figure in chunky knitted jumper and matching trousers as she grabs coffee in LA  Always chic Has Janet Jackson secretly become a Muslim? As the once raunchy star has her first baby at 50 there's good reason to believe  she has converted  Re-engaged! Emma Roberts 'confirms' she is betrothed to on/off boyfriend Evan Peters once again by rocking huge ring A massive rock! 'She would be VERY happy that I'm back': Sir Tom Jones admits late wife Linda was furious after his abrupt sacking from The Voice UK  Welsh singer, 76 The Queen was almost SHOT by one of her own guards after she took a 3am stroll through Buckingham Palace grounds  Elizabeth's close call Good genes! Stunning sister duo Gigi and Bella Hadid pose up a storm in quirky optical illusion gowns for Moschino's glamorous SS17 campaign Cool customer! Ashley Tisdale wraps up in khaki jacket and bandana for low-key lunch in LA Busy week for the 31-year-old Kim Zolciak shows off her pert derriere in just a nude bra and underwear for revealing Snapchat picture Never one to shy away from a selfie The L word! Amber Rose brands Val Chmerkovskiy her 'love' as she posts snap of them sharing a passionate kiss PDA overload Jessie James Decker embraces her 'loose mommy skin' while wearing a lilac bikini that shows off her post-baby tummy Vacation in Los Cabos No wonder she's smiling! NBC's new recruit Megyn Kelly laughs outside her NYC apartment as it emerges she turned down Fox News' offer of $100m All torn up! Kim Kardashian returns to normal life stepping out in some shredded jeans for a lunch at the Hotel Bel-Air Keeping a low profile Double Dutch! Lara Stone flashes her cleavage as she sits for a love heart tattoo in striking Mario Testino shoot for V Magazine Model is in fine form  George Michael's family were haunted by suicides of his uncle and grandfather decades before the star was found dead in bed by his lover Ruth Negga and Tom Holland lead pack of young nominees up for the EE Rising Star Awards at BAFTA 2017 The young Brits battle  for the coveted prize 'None of them are nude, they're all wearing SPF 50!' Proudly pale men strip off to raise awareness of the dangers of sun damage in VERY cheeky calendar 'So... how was your morning?' Jeremy Clarkson gives fans a Grand Tour (of his mouth) as he pays a painful visit to the dentist Fashion designer who 'used to be transgender but was converted by  Kim Burrell' stands up for gospel singer after she was booted from the Ellen show  Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull keeps it casual in hoodie before the couple hit the Swiss slopes... as they continue getaway with Madonna Red hot! Victoria Silvstedt, 42, shares saucy selfies flaunting her enviable cleavage in an array of plunging swimsuits from St Barts Always glamorous Gina Rodriguez shows off her toned legs in mini-skirt at Moet Moment Film Festival in LA Ruled the red carpet in sassy dress A full moon in broad daylight! Model Shanina Shaik Snapchats fiance DJ Ruckus as he flashes his bare bottom through her car window Fun loving couple  Jack and Rose's Titanic smooch is voted the best movie kiss of all time - but Lady and the Tramp's canine canoodle comes a close second Brooklyn Beckham steps out wearing his trademark hoodie and skinny jeans ... following news of dad David's bust-up with F1 boss Ron Dennis in Maldives Back in her jeans! Mila Kunis shows off her post-baby body just one month after welcoming a new baby boy She looked svelte in Studio City  Pregnant Natalie Portman looks super chic in head to toe black as she shows off her bump in a tight dress for screening of new movie Jackie Lucky Leo! Nina Agdal shows off her enviably toned stomach and ample assets in racy plunging lingerie as she dances seductively in new LOVE Advent video The force is strong with this one: Physicist Stephen Hawking treats himself to a trip to see the new Star Wars film to mark his 75th birthday  Just heavenly! Victoria's Secret models Lais Ribeiro, Romee Strijd and Jasmine Tookes show off their bikini bodies on the beach in Brazil Justin Bieber's rumored ex Sahara Ray shows off her figure in a series of revealing swimsuits while enjoying Bali getaway Posted sultry videos 'It's a friendly thing...for now': Kendall Jenner enjoying rumoured ex Chandler Parson's company as it's claimed he's just 'pals' with Hailey Baldwin   PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: So cheeky! Kylie Jenner's boyfriend Tyga can't keep his hands off her on romantic getaway in Mexico Packing on the PDA Sister Wives' Mariah Brown was homophobic for years until her professor made her realize she is a lesbian she says as her coming out leaves mom in tears Where are you chow? Justin Bieber dumps pet dog on backup dancer... who gets stuck with $8,000 vet bill  A puppy is not just for Christmas! 'It's one of the worst pains!': Little Mix singer Jesy Nelson describes split from fiancée Jake Roche as 'horrendous'...  The 25-year-old is still reeling from breakup Slippery when wet! Kourtney Kardashian tries to keep her balance in high heels and tight leather trousers as she goes for night out in rainy LA Jourdan Dunn looks sensational in a skimpy white bikini as she listens to tunes on the beach with her son Riley during blissful break in Barbados Make-up free Ashley Greene works up a sweat as she flashes diamond engagement ring in West Hollywood Recent engaged to Paul Khoury That's quite a spread! Hayden Panettiere rocks little blue dress on Style Code Live and applies Nutella The 27-year-old actress wore a stylish blue dress Beauty crash course: A dermatologist details the three skincare steps you should resolve NEVER to skip to achieve your best complexion in 2017 Perfect 10! Bryce Dallas Howard shows some skin in lace cut-out number as head judge at Moët Moment Film Festival in Los Angeles Billie Piper keeps a low-profile in comfy leggings and chunky knitwear as she enjoys a dog walk in chilly London The actress, 34 Bethenny Frankel asking for millions in law suit against attorneys over property row with ex Jason Hoppy Property-related agreement was botched No turkey tum here! Rosie Huntington-Whiteley displays her incredible body modelling her new fitness range  The blonde model Pregnant Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans and boyfriend David Eason head to court for custody battle with ex Nathan Griffith over son Kaiser Looking angelic! Victoria's Secret model Kelly Gale flaunts her slim figure and taut tummy in STUNNING workout photo Takes work for that body Jennifer Lopez teases new show World of Dance and introduces Jenna Dewan Tatum as the host alongside judges Ne-Yo and Derek Hough  Clever cut that makes hair thicker! Top stylist devises a revolutionary concept to make thin hair fuller Could a simple haircut finally solve your woes? Arnold Schwarzenegger dons camouflage bomber jacket as he goes for a hobble around Beverly Hills in leg brace after painful fracture  Comedy Gold-ie! Hawn hilariously sticks out her tongue as she flaunts her sensational pins in printed yoga pants out and about in LA Worked up a sweat Leonardo DiCaprio switches to presenting at Golden Globe Awards after winning honor three times Will take to the stage for a different reason She's got the love Bugg! Leonardo DiCaprio's bikini babe 'ex' Roxy Horner confirms new romance with singer Jake in a series of sweet pictures His biggest supporter! Rafael Nadal's long-term girlfriend Xisca Perello looks chic in fitted white blouse as she anxiously watches her man's tennis match Fresh faced Reese Witherspoon looks chic in all-black as she exits skin care clinic in West Hollywood At Kinara Skin Care in West Hollywood  Giving her a quick peck! Kylie Jenner is nibbled by cheeky parrot as beau Tyga chortles in the background Famous for her almost unnaturally plump lips 'I am crying typing this': Rowan Blanchard posts emotional farewell as Girl Meets World is cancelled after three seasons Got the chop Patrick Schwarzenegger takes his model girlfriend Abby Champion on hike in Los Angeles after vacationing together in Mexico Hot metal! Olivia Culpo wows in silver top and white maxi skirt at the Moet Moment Film Festival in LA She stunned on the red carpet 'I respond very well to being touched': Nicole Kidman says she's a 'very tactile person' as she joins Lion co-star Dev Patel at New York Times Q&A Never Mind The Reunion! The Sex Pistols guitarist Steve Jones says the band won't be reforming for shows as they 'hate each other' Quashed rumors  EXCLUSIVE: Beyoncé's songwriter finds her missing brother living 3,000 miles from home on the streets of LA after recognizing him sitting at a bus stop EXCLUSIVE: Billie Lourd enjoys beers and bowling with Taylor Lautner as she prepares to bury her mom Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds 'Pregnant' Irina Shayk dresses for comfort in cozy pajama shirt and track pants for casual shopping trip in Beverly Hills Bradley Cooper's girl Jackets and genes! Chloe Grace Moretz and mom Teri don matching coats as they thank Airbnb for family holiday in $10m mansion  Cool digs Victoria's Secret star Bridget Malcolm cuddles up to husband Nathaniel Hoho as they dig into cake together in new snaps of their second wedding Amy Adams wows in lace for the National Board Of Review's Gala in NYC...and shares a sweet kiss with husband Darren Le Gallo Puckering up Riley Keough dons Dolce & Gabbana at National Board of Review Gala... after nabbing first-ever Golden Globe nod Granddaughter of Elvis  Chrissy Teigen shows off svelte figure in crop top and cutoffs as she enjoys a cruise with John Legend and Luna in St Barts Family vacation 'It's a means of punishing me': Amber Heard accuses 'mean-spirited' Johnny Depp of dragging out divorce Says he is punishing her by deliberately delaying  Baby, it's cold outside! Karlie Kloss wears multiple jackets in rainy New York City after ringing in 2017 in sunny St Barths Wrapping up Good enough to eat! Blac Chyna grabs a snack while running errands as 'relationship with Rob Kardashian continues to improve' The mother-of-two  'Why you cheating on me?': Iggy Azalea hosts a jam session in her LA mansion and busts out lyrics alluding to ex-fiancé Nick Young Back to work 'Gone too soon': Naomi Campbell pays tribute to her friend George Michael after starring in his iconic Freedom '90 video She appeared in his iconic Freedom 90 video  Loved-up! Newlyweds Pretty Little Liars' Troian Bellisario and Suits' Patrick J. Adams cut a relaxed figure as they honeymoon in Sydney Down Under Jennifer Lopez granted restraining order against stalker as she 'fears for safety of herself and her twins' The singer fears for her safety 'My face feels like it's gonna fall off!' Sophie Monk gets VERY cold as she recovers from recent sunburn by riding through the icy snow  She recently suffered  Bring the bromance back! Ryan Reynolds wants to do a combined Deadpool and Wolverine movie with Hugh Jackman Superhero spectacular 'He's really a fit guy': Celebrity trainer Harley Pasternak says client Kanye West keeping 'active' since breakdown He had a psychotic breakdown Maggie Gyllenhaal cuts a chic figure in asymmetrical dress at the National Board of Review Gala She hit the red carpet looking chic  'It's so honest and truthful': Actress Hailee Steinfeld reveals how she deeply related to her teen role as Nadine in teen flick Edge Of Seventeen Out and about! Kristen Stewart grabs smoothies with rumoured girlfriend Stella Maxwell in Silver Lake A fuss-free outing He got Emma stoned! Andrew Garfield says his favorite birthday memory is being high on pot brownies at Disneyland with former girlfriend Stone 'He never stood up for me!' CBB's Stacy Francis says family friend Ray J 'threw her under a bus' after explosive row with Whitney Houston 'My son': Kim Kardashian shares sweet photo of herself holding one-year-old son Saint West as she returns to social media Back on social media American Idol runner-up Bo Bice gets Popeyes worker suspended for calling him 'white boy' and then cries as he claims to be victim 'racial prejudice' 'I guess I should announce this and stuff': Felicia Day reveals she is pregnant... with just three weeks to go She also confirmed she's having a girl Khloe Kardashian raves about being 'in love' and 'the happiest I've been in years' with new guy Tristan Thompson In a post on her website  'If she gets pregnant, then great, but if she doesn't, it's OK': Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth 'set to start a family in 2017' and are 'looking at adoption more seriously' Body goals! Naomi Watts, 48, shows off her ageless physique and toned limbs during New Year's family getaway to Cancun  Chilling on the beach Back on? Kendall Jenner and rumored ex-beau Chandler Parsons browse luxury cars together before dinner date in LA Flirtatious display Angelina Jolie's lawyer claims Brad Pitt is 'terrified the truth will come out' in divorce proceedings as actress 'approves' his request to have children's records sealed  Justin Timberlake is smitten with Jessica Biel as she shimmies at Lakers game and later sinks half court shots The Can't Stop The Feeling singer Michael Fassbender reveals he enjoys making audiences uncomfortable as he blurs the lines between good and evil in Assassin's Creed  Check out my boyfriend! Sophie Turner proudly posts first picture of beau Joe Jonas on her Instagram page Going public She's caught the love Bugg! Leonardo DiCaprio's rumoured ex Roxy Horner confirms new romance  She shared pictures with singer Jake Bugg Mariah Carey wears plunging gold swimsuit as she soaks in hot tub after firing creative director for NYE nightmare performance 47-year-old pop diva Like mother, like daughter! Nicole Kidman reveals her daughter Sunday Rose, eight, is following in her footsteps and becoming an actress  EXCLUSIVE: CBB bosses warn Stacy Francis over 'concerning language' after she dubs Austin Armacost 'the gay boy'... and viewers lash out at 'homophobic' behaviour Off the rink, on with the ring: Margot Robbie flashes her simple wedding band as she exits ice skating practice for new role as Tonya Harding Jennifer Lopez and Drake romance is 'real deal'... as it's claimed competition 'won't stop ex-husband Marc Anthony from rekindling romance with singer' Stallone's angels! Sly's three gorgeous daughters ham it up with Jimmy Fallon they prepare to serve as Miss Golden Globes The 70-year-old Rocky star's three daughters  RHONJ star Melissa Gorga closes Envy boutique after 'difference of opinion' with her business partner Several disagreements Working it out! Lily Collins showcases her toned figure as she preps for Golden Globes with grueling gym session Daughter of Phil Collins Back at it! New mom Blac Chyna puts on VERY busty display as she shares sneak peek of sexy photo shoot She wasted no time getting her sexy back on She is officially hired! Trump appoints notorious Apprentice contestant Omarosa to a public engagement role in the White House Confirmed! 'I'm tired but I'm still moving!' Shannen Doherty dances through the pain as she does double the radiation so she can stop the treatment Nicole Kidman is the picture of sophistication as she steps out in figure-hugging studded blouse to attend film screening in NYC In the Big Apple The bongo maestro! Tennis great Roger Federer delights the crowd as he lets rip on virtual drums on the big screen at the Hopman Cup... but his dad is less than impressed New York chic! Julianne Hough flaunts cleavage as she strolls through Manhattan after taping Good Morning America Cut a colorful figure Amy Duggar reveals why she's turning to couples counseling after just one year of marriage... and clears up rumors her husband abused her She's focused! Margot Robbie hits the ice skating rink in Brisbane as she prepares for her new role as disgraced ice skater Tonya Harding Chilly work Where's Kim? Kanye West fails to raise a smile as he leaves LA restaurant with female companions... as his wife returns to social media Active mom-to-be! Natalie Portman gets in refreshing morning hike with gal pal as she wraps up burgeoning bump in flannel top She is 35 Carrie Fisher has already been cremated - and some of her ashes will be buried with mom Debbie Reynolds when they are laid to rest in a private family ceremony tomorrow     DON'T MISS Release of Carrie Fisher's autopsy results delayed by Los Angeles coroner's office one day before she is laid to rest alongside her mother, Debbie Reynolds In-Zayn! UK TV presenter Bradley Walsh BEATS former One Direction star Malik to be named the UK's biggest selling debut artist of 2016 Time to reject the tyranny of make-up? More and more women are ditching cosmetics - led by celebs like Helen Mirren - but would YOU dare join them?  Kate Beckinsale looks oh so chic in flirty strapless top while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars in New York Slipped into a flowing and strapless blouse Thanking her Lucky Stars! Madonna, 58, takes a nasty tumble on the slopes during family ski trip to Switzerland... but luckily 'toyboy beau, 25,' misses embarrassing fall Doutzen Kroes flaunts her impeccably toned abs in a skimpy crop top as she smoulders in sportswear campaign She works hard to maintain her figure Get a leg up! As Sarah Jessica Parker adds some flair to her outfits with statement-making hosiery, FEMAIL rounds up the season's hottest styles to ensure all eyes are looking down  Zayn Malik launches his debut footwear collection with Giuseppe Zanotti as the Italian designer hails the former boy band member a 'fashion icon' Furry glamorous! Naomi Campbell wraps up in a luxurious coat as she hints at writing an autobiography during Today visit British beauty 'It scares me every single time!' Connie Britton admits she fears singing but still feels 'it's been the most exciting part of' Nashville It frightens her EXCLUSIVE: RHOA star Phaedra Parks is slapped with a lien against $1.3m Georgia mansion by ex Apollo Nida, warning her not to sell the property He's a big star! Jamie Foxx wears inflatable sumo wrestler costume for hilarious charades game with Ellen DeGeneres Acting out clues Nicole Murphy subtly showcases her incredible figure in a skintight monochrome ensemble as she enjoys an evening out on the town EXCLUSIVE: Lady Gaga and Katy Perry dragged into Kesha's sex assault case as court orders Tic Tok singer to show Dr Luke an intriguing secret text Can writing on your wobbly bits help you learn to love them? Six women with 'bingo wings, saggy knees and post baby boobs' highlight their most despised body part  'I just want to send an apology': Soulja Boy says sorry for beef with Chris Brown and insists he wants to 'make music with him' Heartfelt apology This Is Us star Chrissy Metz 'denies having gastric bypass surgery' after she was seen using a wheelchair at LAX  Recovering from injury Not now darling, I'm working! Pregnant Marion Cotillard playfully rolls her eyes at beau Guillaume Canet as he gets hands-on at film photocall Billy Bush poses with book, 'A**holes: A Theory' and jokes the book was written about him in photo three months after hot mic recording was leaked 'I'm ready to tell everything!': Ray J reveals he will be spilling the beans on his infamous sex tape with former flame Kim Kardashian on CBB Survivor: Gabon star Dan Kay, 40, mysteriously dies on New Year's Eve His death is 'not being investigated by the police for foul play' EXCLUSIVE: Prince Harry has met his girlfriend Meghan Markle's father who is 'proud' of his daughter's relationship, reveals her brother Life's a treasure! Pirates Of The Caribbean star Brenton Thwaites enjoys downtime on the Gold Coast with girlfriend and baby daughter Birdie ahead of a huge 2017 Booty-ful holiday! Kylie Jenner poses up a storm in racy swimsuits while on sunshine break with her BFF The besties showed off their sensational curves Playing with fire! Eva Longoria sizzles in red hot bathing suit during holiday in Mexico  Took to Instagram to share a snap of herself wearing a bathing suit Diary disaster! Kylie Jenner's 2017 calendar prints the WRONG date of the reality star's own birthday... 10 days too late Quite a big mistake 'Thank you Snoop Dogg!': Willie Nelson receives ultimate Christmas sweater from fellow pot enthusiast Very personal Christmas gift Salon in your sitting room! FEMAIL finds out that when it comes to blow-dries, facials and even teeth polishing, you no longer need to leave home to be pampered  'She's the only one I trust' Emma Thompson, 57, dropped from size 10 to a 6 in just six weeks, thanks to the Duchess of Cambridge's diet guru  Hats off to love! Jennifer Lawrence, 26, and Darren Aronofsky, 47, go public with their romance as they bundle up for stroll in NYC Keeping warm George Michael's partner Fadi Fawaz is seen for the first time since claiming his Twitter was 'hacked' after tweets were sent saying star was suicidal 'I'll miss you George Michael': James Corden pays tribute to the late pop icon as he recalls filming the first ever Carpool Karaoke with him Working it out: Anthony Anderson's wife Alvina cancels proceedings more than a year after filing for divorce Seems she's had a change of heart Monochrome maven! Vanessa Hudgens steps out for coffee in white dungarees... as she performs first ever duet with BFF Ashley Tisdale Coffee run Halle Berry 'rushed to finalise divorce' from Olivier Martinez before 2017 due to 'pending contracts and deals' Didn't want ex getting slice of her deals Naked Rita Ora gets wet and wild on Snapchat as she films herself while enjoying a bubble bath... as she admits she struggles with body confidence Wigging out! Blac Chyna goes platinum blonde as she wears nothing but a leather jacket and fishnets in teaser for photoshoot Blondes have more fun It's a boy! 'Thrilled' Janet Jackson gives birth to her first child at 50 Hitmaker and her husband welcomed their son Eissa Al Mana  Pretty in plum! Princess Mary shows off her thrifty side by stepping out in flowing cape for the second time in four days Danish royal 'I am my mom's best friend': Incredible bond between Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds explored in trailer for HBO documentary about their relationship A new series of Will and Grace is set to return without Debbie Reynolds - but what happened to the other stars of the hit during its 10 year break? New addition! Maksim Chmerkovskiy and fiancée Peta Murgatroyd announce birth of first child She confirmed her pregnancy to in June. Dorit Kemsley racks up another enemy and clashes with Eileen Davidson on The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills Not making friends She's an ace! Maria Sharapova shows off fabulously toned physique in tiny black bikini as suspended tennis pro vacations in Hawaii Tiffany Trump shares throwback snap of herself and Democrat boyfriend Ross inside dad Donald's lavish bash, after she walked the red carpet alone Ivanka set to move to D.C. house that's just two blocks away from the Obamas' post-presidency digs  New first family gears up for the big move 'This was a tough decision for me': Megyn Kelly gets emotional on air as she suggests NBC move will allow her to spend more time with her children Smile that says she's leaving: Megyn Kelly heads to the studio hours after announcing she's moving to NBC 'after Fox SNUBBED her $25m demand'  Muhammad Ali's $80m will is set to ignite 'World War Three' among his nine children and widow after it is revealed she is to receive double the $6m they have been left Signed, sealed and delivering one last hurrah! 'Stevie Wonder, Beyonce and Oprah to attend Obamas' final star-studded party' before they leave Covered up! 'Pregnant' Irina Shayk hides her tummy under baggy hoodie as rumors continue she's expecting baby with beau Bradley Cooper Powerhouse! Margot Robbie makes Forbes 30 Under 30 list after bumper year in Hollywood made her 2016's fourth highest-grossing actor Jonathan Rhys Meyers 'becomes a first-time father as he welcomes son Wolf with fiancée Mara Lane' It is believed she gave birth at home 'I'm lucky to have her': Ryan Reynolds credits wife Blake Lively for 'keeping me sane' through anxiety attacks The 40-year-old is a Golden Globe nominee  On the night feeds? New dad Russell Brand appears worn out as he enjoys low-key stroll... after welcoming daughter Mabel two months ago Bundled up for baby! Pregnant Natalie Portman glows as she steps out in winter clothes for lunch in Los Angeles ahead of busy awards season Trump's spin doctor, Kylie Jenner and YouTuber Tyler Oakley are named among the world's most powerful millennials in new Forbes list  Joining the braid-y bunch! Patrick Schwarzenegger shows off cornrow hairdo as he suns himself with model girlfriend Abby Champion in Mexico Put down your fork after three bites and greet people with a kiss: Etiquette expert reveals Duchess Kate's rules for hosting a successful party Looking all white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her phenomenal beach body in monochrome bikini on Instagram She looks ready for the beach  George Kosana, who played the sheriff in zombie classic Night of the Living Dead, is dead at 81 Died at his home in his home in Pennsylvania 'Times does heal': Khloe Kardashian hopes sister Kim will focus on 'family' and 'her own happiness' in 2017 Says she has had to 'redefine her priorities'  Expensive taste! Lily-Rose Depp shops at Chanel with boyfriend Ash Stymest in Beverly Hills The duo enjoyed some retail therapy Snoop Dogg's bodyguard tackles mentally-ill man at comedian Ricky Harris' funeral He died age 51 of a heart attack  What a blast! Kourtney Kardashian's son Mason Disick playfully wields yellow toy gun while running errands with mom She's a mom-of-three Now that's hot yoga! Shirtless Scott Eastwood shows off chiselled torso and buff arms as he performs headstands on set of Pacific Rim Back to work! Jessica Alba is rock chic perfection in edgy biker jacket and skinny jeans as she grabs coffee following Hawaiian getaway KATIE HOPKINS: Mariah Carey is a glitter-covered, camel-toed diva and her New Year's Eve debacle is the greatest thing I've ever seen Joanna Krupa sizzles in emerald cutout bikini as she gets in a paddle boarding workout in Miami Former Real Housewives Of Miami star 'She's like a slippery, greased pig': Kenya Moore calls out Phaedra Parks and Erika Jayne performs on WWHL Never one to hold back how she feels 'I have to focus on my spiritual self': Kesha says she's taking 'a break' from the internet as she steps out in LA Has had a turbulent few years Driving into the new year! Iggy Azalea looks white-hot in tight trousers as she goes to the department of motor vehicles A different gear Mistress of understatement! Denise Richards muses on 'a colourful year' as she shares photo of family dinner with Charlie Sheen 'Sun's Out Buns Out!' Madison Beer makes a statement in tight swimsuit as she frolics on the beach with boyfriend Jack Gilinsky Back on the beach Zsa Zsa Gabor's husband Frédéric Prinz von Anhalt seen dining in Beverly Hills four days after his late wife's memorial service Heartbreaking times British public slam Channel 5 for featuring mostly Americans on new series of Celebrity Big Brother as the likes of Ray J, Jasmine Waltz and Speidi enter house EXCLUSIVE: 'It's all going to kick off': Kim Kardashian's best friend Jonathan Cheban is returning to CBB for an 'explosive' showdown with her ex Ray J So that's what the Kardashian camp thinks of Ray J! Jonathan Cheban calls Kim's sex tape ex a loser in Twitter rant as he enters UK reality show Wonder who they are cheering! Hailey Baldwin and Kendall Jenner watch her rumoured lover Jordan Clarkson's LA Lakers Courtside romance Heating up the beach! Victoria's Secret model Lais Ribeiro kisses basketball player Jared Homan during tropical getaway A passionate embrace Broadway beauty! Mel B displays dancer legs in fishnet tights as she wows the crowd with her role as Roxie Hart in Chicago And all that jazz! Loving star Ruth Negga stuns in silver as she presents director Jeff Nichols with Variety's Creative Impact Award Simply stunning Green with envy! Chloe Lattanzi strikes a VERY sultry pose for a selfie inside a hydroponics room... after starting her marijuana farm business 'Slidin with my girl!': Hilary Duff shows off slim figure in retro swimsuit as she enjoys a water ride with her niece  Bonding time Kylie Jenner denies posting 'very personal' details about 'lingerie and toys' sex life with Tyga... and quits working on her paid app Going for gold! Michelle Williams wins best supporting actress at New York Film Critics Circle Awards The Manchester By The Sea star  'No, that's disgusting!' Kate Gosselin gets shut down while planning 16th birthday party for twins on Kate Plus 8 Had full on meltdown on show PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Paul McCartney, 74, puts on an amorous display with wife Nancy Shevell, 57, as she flaunts her fantastic figure in swimsuit PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Paul McCartney, 74, is ever the doting dad as he dries off daughter Stella, 45, after her dip in the ocean during St. Barts getaway 'Ain't she f***in fabulous?': Paris Jackson reveals her 'badass mom' Debbie Rowe has completed chemo as she shares defiant photo Make-up free Ruby Rose looks radiant as she shows off her new auburn hair while running errands in Beverly Hills A new 'do Sia releases creepy new music video for her Lion track Never Give Up featuring two faceless children She's famous for being camera shy Puppy love! Selma Blair and son Arthur adopt a new four-legged family member as they kick off the New Year Her little boy appeared smitten Animal strength! Hugh Jackman does a crazy handstand on his ELBOWS proving the X-Men hunk is still in top Wolverine form Instagram video  'This is a really emotional evening for me': Nicole Kidman moved to tears as she pays tribute to late father at Palm Springs Film Festival  '2nd day still going': Prince Jackson takes to Instagram and provides status update of epic tattoo still underway The 19-year-old son of the late pop star Michael Protective papa! Alec Baldwin shields his son Rafael from the rain with an umbrella as they go for a stroll in NYC Walking on the soggy city streets Oink oink! Bella Thorne and sister Dani show off their flawless bikini bodies as they cuddle up to swine on Pig Beach The 19-year-old actress took to Snapchat  'I was mortified': Mariah Carey speaks out over New Year's Eve epic lip syncing meltdown on live television Breaks her silence EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Recovering from a 'heavy cold' the Queen has been trying homeopathic cures She missed Christmas Day mass Tat's gotta hurt! Sofia Richie squirms as she ensures her tattoos get a touch up for the New Year while on NYC vacation Little makeover Olivia Newton-Johns' daughter Chloe Lattanzi narrowly avoids a wardrobe malfunction as she shares VERY racy photo Posing up Recovering from New Year? Bella Hadid keeps it casual as she flashes her toned abs in sweatpants while grabbing a coffee with brother Anwar 'We hope she enjoys tremendous success': Murdoch wishes Megyn Kelly well after she rejects $20m Fox News contract to take 'triple role' at NBC  Glow for the gold! Caitlyn Jenner shows off her ample cleavage in a low-cut golden gown as her latest make-up collection with MAC is revealed Ashlee Simpson flaunts bronzed legs on jet-set vacation to Mexico with Evan Ross and family over New Year's Vacation time 'Never give up': Cody Simpson's Kim Kardashian lookalike 'ex' Constance Siaflas reveals her impressive body transformation Quick selfie 'I couldn't afford a trainer': Chris Pratt recalls being called 'too fat' for Moneyball role and how he dropped the weight all by himself The 37-year-old actor  'He loved my brother and my brother loved him': Family of George Michael's Australian model boyfriend slam friend's claims he was a 'LEECH' Ready for bed! Kate Beckinsale looks sartorially chic in silky pink pyjama-inspired ensemble and towering heels as she touches down at JFK Fabulous at 48! Fresh-faced Christy Turlington looks chic on trip around Manhattan after fellow Nineties supermodels wish her a happy birthday Let's roll! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend take daughter Luna for a walk while on holiday in St. Barts Legend is celebrating his 38th birthday 'I'm taking steps to better my life': Heather Locklear addresses rumors she's in rehab again The former Melrose Place star, 55 Doutzen Kroes enjoys another day of sunshine bliss in skimpy string bikini The 31-year-old model strutted her stuff on Miami Beach Track Palin's ex-girlfriend files for FULL custody of their three-month-old child Jordan Loewe is 'concerned' about her and the child's safety She's got expensive taste! Rebel Wilson totes a designer backpack worth over $8k as she arrives at Sydney airport  She's a funnywoman Back to reality! Sofia Vergara And Joe Manganiello jet home after luxury stay in Bora Bora  They have been enjoying an island vacation Holidays are over! Model Megan Blake Irwin cuts a casual figure as she jets out of Adelaide Airport Scott Disick's rumoured ex Forced back! Star Wars: Han Solo release date 'delayed seven months' following new casting announcements May not be released until December 2018 Bikini babe Jessica Hart puts on a busty display in first photo shoot as she marks her return to Seafolly She has graced the cover of Australian Vogue Bringing the pain! Rapper T-Pain announces Australia and New Zealand tour after last appearance Down Under was cancelled because he didn't receive payment 'Who the hell argues with Whitney Houston?' UK CBB fans express fury over Stacy Francis entering house as they recall her row with late singer over Ray J... just two days before death Looking fly, girl! Kylie Jenner teams sheer high-cut bodysuit with comfy sweatpants for private jet trip The 19-year-old knows how to travel in style Kylie Jenner makes Forbes 30 Under 30 list to become the only teenage Retail & Ecommerce entrepreneur She is just 19 That's a cute couple! Zayn Malik shares first selfies of 2017 with Gigi Hadid as he posts tender collage on Instagram They're not camera shy Veteran TV and stage director Jeffrey Hayden dies at 90 following year-long battle with cancer He directed early live TV plays with stars including James Dean  'I'm so grateful I met Ruckus': Shanina Shaik reveals she's 'so happy' to put 'bad relationships' behind her ahead of marriage plans  She's loved up Leaked recording reveals Rockettes boss telling them they should perform at Trump's inauguration as 'it's a historical moment' but the dancers continue to push back against him 'The fact that the song is about Zayn doesn't cross my mind!' Malik's cousin declares her love for Perrie Edwards' hit Shout Out To My Ex... despite it 'mocking his sexual prowess' 'The perfect fit!': Victoria's Secret model Georgia Fowler announced as the new face of Australian youth fashion label Portmans  Catwalk queen 'She's trying to extend her 15 minutes of fame': Johnny Depp's legal team blast Amber Heard's bid for bigger settlement  Ugly divorce continues January Jones has 'no regrets' about raising son Xander as a single mother and would 'love to do it again'... but she's less enthusiastic about the prospect of dating 'It's important for women to stand up and fight back': Gretchen Carlson talks about the need to empower females on Today in return to TV  'Everyone knows I've had struggles!' Oprah talks about losing 42lbs and finally getting her weight under control as she promotes her cookbook The size 4 (and ever so slightly smug) club: Struggling to squeeze into your clothes after Christmas? Take some tips from the women who ALWAYS stay slim Celine Dion puts five bedroom home in Paris on market for $9.3million... one year after death of husband Rene Angelil Her private mansion  Today's headlines Most Read Pictured: The Fort Lauderdale 'air rage' gunman who 'argued with passengers' on his flight before he... Trump ignores America's spy chiefs and says Russia's hacks had 'no effect' on the election - despite... Elderly couple who jumped off Las Vegas parking garage in 'joint suicide' had thousands of dollars of credit... Angelina Jolie accuses Brad Pitt of ‘publicly impugning’ her character in new court documents saying actor... Are YOU a non-responder? Why some people find it harder to get fit - and expert advice on how to fix it  'We felt it was where she'd want to be': Carrie Fisher's ashes brought to funeral in giant Prozac pill that... Scientology lawyer goes on national TV to slam Leah Remini for show on A&E that led to death threats against... Mom who 'killed her three-year-old son and dumped his body in a suitcase in a swamp' says she has no remorse... Taking up running? Here's what you need to know to make it to February before giving up  We really ARE made of stardust: Researchers reveal how the elements of life are spread through the universe  EXCLUSIVE: Chicago torture victim, 18, is asking why 'friend he idolized' was one of black gang who beat,... Judge denies bail for four suspects in Chicago torture video as prosecutor reveals they demanded $300 from... Revealed: The six warning signs that prove you NEED to leave your job (and why this is the best time to land... Crews searching Lake Erie find 'human remains' on seat of plane that was carrying six people when it... America is unprepared for a killer asteroid impact and must accelerate 'doomsday plan' to develop bombs and... Convicted killer, 57, becomes first US inmate to receive state-funded sexual reassignment surgery in... Breaking Bad 'NOLA' style: Louisiana teacher and her husband were running a meth lab out of the home they... 'I'm a normal guy. I just fancy six-year-olds: 'Virtuous' paedophile who is aroused by girls aged under 13... Bible Belt hit with snow: Rare winter storm bringing snow, sleet and rain to the Deep South...and it's... Is there a lost city in Antarctica? Mysterious dome 'building' may have been created by an ancient... Prince Harry 'has taken girlfriend Meghan Markle to Norway to see the Northern Lights on their first... Tiny brain and greasy hair found INSIDE ovary of 16-year-old girl Philadelphia deliveryman wrongly shot 14 times by police gets a $4.4million settlement Pennsylvania woman 'drove into a river to avoid arrest then ignored officers and continued drinking BEER as... Near-weeping Michelle Obama delivers valedictory appeal to 'hope' as she says being First Lady was 'greatest... 'What is it they're afraid of?' Obama asks why GOP is rushing health care repeal but delaying a replacement... Trump insists election-year cyber attacks had 'absolutely no effect' on election results as he stays mum on... Arnie hits back at Trump in Twitter war over The Apprentice ratings: Schwarzenegger tells The Donald to... More Hillary Clinton emails surface – and show how anti-gay Sharia law ruler shunned by celebrities treated... MORE HEADLINES Pictured: The Fort Lauderdale 'air rage' gunman who 'argued with passengers' on his flight before he retrieved his handgun from checked luggage and then executed five people in baggage claim Millennials are entitled, narcissistic and lazy - but it's not their fault: Expert claims 'every child wins a prize' and social media has left Gen Y unable to deal with the real world Black teens are charged with a HATE CRIME after live-streaming torture of white disabled man who they held prisoner for days before he escaped - as cops reveal they have shown NO remorse Now Obama's building a wall! Workers put the finishing touches to a brick barrier around $5million DC mansion where Barack, Michelle and Sasha will live after leaving the White House  Gwyneth Paltrow, Meryl Streep and Meg Ryan among the stars to turn out for Debbie Reynolds and Carrie Fisher's memorial service EXCLUSIVE: Chicago torture victim, 18, is asking why 'friend he idolized' was one of black gang who beat, burned and tortured him chanting 'f*** Trump, f*** white people' 'We felt it was where she'd want to be': Carrie Fisher's ashes brought to funeral in giant Prozac pill that was her 'favorite possession' as she buried with her mother Debbie Reynolds  Downfall of the $400,000-a-year Gawker editor: AJ Daulerio reveals he was molested as a child, battled cocaine addiction and lost his Soho apartment and life savings when boss Nick Denton 'threw him under the bus during Hulk Hogan lawsuit'  The £70,000 a week unit where George Michael hoped to beat his demons: Singer spent a YEAR in Swiss clinic offering bizarre 'electric shock therapy'  PIERS MORGAN: Call this disgusting attack in Obama’s back yard exactly what it is: a Trump-hating race crime against a defenseless white man by young black Americans who shame their country 'King of Instagram' flaunts his lavish lifestyle in boastful New Year video which shows him firing guns and posing on private jets  EXCLUSIVE: At least 18 MORE Guantanamo detainees to be freed within days as Obama starts mass transfer of fanatics who have threatened to bomb and behead Americans 'I'm a normal guy. I just fancy six-year-olds: 'Virtuous' paedophile who is aroused by girls aged under 13 but 'doesn’t act on his impulses' reveals why his British wife has stood by him  The demon of Arizona: Terrifying image shows 'winged creature' caught on camera by unsuspecting photographer  Scientology lawyer goes on national TV to slam Leah Remini for show on A&E that led to death threats against thier leader David Miscavige Liberal heckler who accosted Ivanka Trump on a JetBlue flight hides his face from a reporter at his Brooklyn home as he's seen for the first time since he hurled abuse at her Professional slackliner rescues a man hanging unconscious by the neck from his backpack by climbing a tower and sliding 30 feet across ski lift cable Mexico WILL pay for the wall: US taxpayers will put up the money 'for sake of speed' but Trump insists it will be 'paid back by Mexico later' Angelina Jolie accuses Brad Pitt of ‘publicly impugning’ her character in new court documents saying actor is 'terrified the truth will come out'  Detectives question George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz as senior detectives take over the inquiry amid fears the singer was killed by a drugs overdose  'His father had been touching him down there': The Menendez Brothers' cousin breaks her silence claiming the boys were being molested before they brutally murdered their parents 'Despicable': President Obama condemns black teens who live-streamed tortured of white disabled man on Facebook while yelling 'f*** white people' - but DENIES race relations are getting worse Will Megyn Kelly, 46, 'push out' Savannah Guthrie, 45, as the lead anchor on Today? Rumors abound at NBC after $15m-a-year deal Mystery as engine drops out of B-52 bomber during Air Force training mission over wildlife refuge in North Dakota  Arnie hits back at Trump in Twitter war over The Apprentice ratings: Schwarzenegger tells The Donald to concentrate on his new job after the president-elect mocked show and called himself 'ratings machine, DJT'  More Hillary Clinton emails surface – and show how anti-gay Sharia law ruler shunned by celebrities treated Bill 'like part of his family' Mother who killed her five-year-old son in 1991 and convinced police that he went missing at a carnival is jailed for 30 years Enraged boyfriend burst into the home of Montana senator's nephew and brutally butchered him with an ax 'because he assaulted his 17-year-old ex-girlfriend' Thanks but no thanks: Donald Trump refuses the Obamas' offer to leave the White House swing set for his son Barron so the outgoing President donates it to charity instead  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
