Share 3 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-14 Joy Anna Duggar Featured In Family Instagram With Baby After Birthday, Jim Bob And Michelle Want Daughter Courting And Engaged? Entertainment 2016-11-14 ‘People’s’ Sexiest Man Alive 2016: Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson Entertainment 2016-11-14 Was Bradley Cooper Really The Only White Guy At The White House BET Party? Dave Chappelle Gets Candid On ‘SNL’ Entertainment 2016-11-14 Jessa Duggar Pregnant, Hides Baby Bump On Seewald Family Blog And Instagram After Jinger Duggar’s Wedding News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-14 Sir Frederick Banting Facts: How The Insulin Miracle Happened News 2016-11-14 New Information On Missing Maryland Student Kaitlyn George, Spotted In Baltimore News 2016-11-14 Final 2016 Election Results: Hillary Clinton’s Popular Vote Lead Continues To Grow, She Likely Beat Donald Trump By More Than 1 Million Votes News 2016-11-14 Why Did Alex Baldwin Not Reprise His Role As Trump On ‘SNL’ After The Election? Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Science 2016-11-14 The New Zealand Earthquake Was So Powerful It Literally Made The Sky Change Color [Video] Gaming 2016-11-14 ‘Pokemon GO’s’ Lapras Event Disturbingly Morbid, But Shows The Game’s Immense Power Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Halo’ 15th Anniversary To Be Celebrated Next Week, Developer 343 Industries Talks Event And Teases Future ‘Halo 5’ Plans Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Steep’ Beta Opens Up To Everyone November 18 Prior To December 2 Release Date BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Hatchimals Are Must-Have Toys This Holiday Season: How Can You Get Your Hands On One? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 New School Dormitory Doors Vandalized With Drawings Of Swastikas BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 News Flash – Canada Doesn’t Want You SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Preparing For ‘Storagegate’: Lower Storage iPhones Nearly Ten Times Slower Than Higher Storage iPhones Technology 3 0 0 October 19, 2016 Preparing For ‘Storagegate’: Lower Storage iPhones Nearly Ten Times Slower Than Higher Storage iPhones Jeremy Winslow Reports claim that the entry level iPhone 7 and 7 Plus’, the 32GB models, are significantly slower than the high-end iPhone 7 and 7 Plus’, the 128GB and 256GB models. These reports began surfacing earlier this month, and while Apple’s latest flagship phone has only been out for a little over 30 days, many benchmark and real-world tests seem to prove that the slower speeds are in fact true. Is it too early to dub it “Storagegate”? What’s Happening? It seems the 32GB iPhone 7 and 7 Plus’ are nearly ten times slower than their higher storage capacity counterparts. The slower speed is coming from the phone’s storage, not the A10 chip. It’s unclear what kind of SSD the 32GB iPhone uses, but the write speeds on the 32GB iPhones are much slower than the higher storage variants. In a YouTube video by Unbox Therapy, Lewis runs two tests on two iPhone 7’s, one 32GB and one 256GB. The first test, the “synthetic test,” is a benchmark via an app called Performance Test, which tests a device’s CPU, memory, and storage. The second test, the “real-world test,” is timing how long it takes to transfer a 4.2GB, 1080p movie file (a Star Wars film, for those curious) from a MacBook to both iPhones. What he discovers in the first test is the 256GB iPhone has a write speed that is almost ten times faster than the 32GB iPhone’s. What’s even more shocking is the 256GB iPhone transfers the movie file a minute faster than the 32GB iPhone. What Does This Mean For You? Nothing. Well, actually, it means a lot if you’re a “media head.” If you’re someone who transfers files constantly from your iPhone to your computer and vice versa, you’re going to notice the slower speeds. Whether those are movies, photos, music, and the like, the 32GB iPhone 7 and 7 Plus’ are not going to be conducive for you, especially if your job depends on speed and efficiency. If you don’t necessarily care about transfer speeds and want to get an iPhone at the cheapest price available, then the 32GB iPhone 7 or 7 Plus will do just fine. However, if you care even a little bit, it may be worth spending the extra $100 or $200 to get either the 128GB or 256GB models. A Few Previous “-gates” [Image by Paul Sakuma/AP Images] The iPhone 4 was announced a little more than six years ago, on June 7, 2010, at the annual World Wide Developers Conference at the Moscone West in Apple’s backyard of San Francisco, California. Although the handset was lauded as “the best device of its class” by tech columnist Walt Mossberg, and initial reception was more than positive, early complaints by some users about the device’s inability to keep calls began to arise. If you touched the lower left edge of the phone—one of two locations where the antennas are placed—calls would drop in areas of lower signal reception. This became known as “Antennagate,” a much-derided name constructed by the late Steve Jobs in an attempt to satirize the real frustration of consumers and name the problem for the world to use when entering an Apple store for a possible solution. The only solution, unfortunately, was releasing another handset, thus the iPhone 4s. With the release of this device, “Antennagate” was no longer a thing, but it is still remembered as a first-world-problem that did occur. ???? didn’t know the iPhone 6 had the bend feature #bendgate @AppleSupport @Apple pic.twitter.com/3vVxcr2eI8 — Alex Kunar (@alex_kunar) October 6, 2016 The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus’ were announced a little more than two years ago, on September 9, 2014, at the World Wide Developers Conference. Once again, tech columnist Walt Mossberg called this device “the best smartphone you can buy,” and early reception for Apple’s newest handset was overwhelmingly positive. However, much like the iPhone 4 four years prior, some users were complaining about the device bending while in their pockets. This became known as “Bendgate,” something consumers and media pundits used to describe the iPhones bending issue. With the device in your front pocket, it would bend as you walk or sit, sometimes moderately, other times excessively. In some cases, the bend never caused disruption with the usage of the device, but with the more excessive bends, the device would be rendered unusable, and Apple stores would issue a new handset to those with such cases. With the release of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, Apple addressed the weakness in their aluminum construction and strengthened the chassis so the bend wouldn’t happen. [Image by Julie Jacobson/AP Images] The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus’ were announced a year after the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models, on September 9, 2015, at the World Wide Developers Conference. The Verge’s Nilay Patel called the iPhone 6s “the best phone on the market,” and reception for the handsets were crushingly positive (as with almost every iPhone). Similar to the iPhone 4 five years prior and the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus a year prior, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus’ had an issue with their chips. Specifically, Apple seemed to use two different processors in the different devices, one developed by Samsung and the other developed by Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC), with the Samsung one running hotter and using more battery life than the TSMC one. This became known as “Chipgate” by consumers. Apple responded to this controversy by saying there should have been no real difference between the two chips, pointing to a two or three percent variance. Unfortunately, the internal tests conducted by Apple did confirm the rapid battery life depletion and hotter handset in the Samsung variant of the chip. There haven’t been too many complaints about it, and Apple hasn’t issued any sort of world-wide replacement for users experiencing issues; however, Apple did seem to address the problem with their latest iPhones. Even still, with this slower write speed, it seems “Storagegate” will be added to the list. You can watch Lewis’ video above. [Featured Image by Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP Images] Now Watch This: Paralyzed Monkey Walks Again After Implant Now Read This: Toyota Settlement: Automaker Agrees To Pay $3.4 Billion Over Rust Disputes Share 3 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Jeremy Winslow Tags: #Bendgate, Apple, iphone, iPhone 4 Comments LATEST HEADLINES ‘Alaskan Bush People’ Renewed: Season 6 Renewed, But There’s A Catch Miley Cyrus And Liam Hemsworth’s Wedding Called Off Again? She May Not Be Wife Material Top Instagram Model Kendall Jenner Deletes Social Media Account Andy Cohen Responds To Criticism He Let Bullying, Violent Alcoholics Take Over ‘RHOC’ And ‘RHONY’ Sir Frederick Banting Facts: How The Insulin Miracle Happened ‘Westworld’ Renewed For Season 2, Will Likely Return To HBO In 2018 President Obama: Gwen Ifill, Trump Transition, Commitment To NATO [Breaking, Video] Michael Jackson Grandchild On The Way? Secret Son Is Expecting A Baby Taylor Swift Ditches Pop Sound For ‘Hip-Hop And R&B’ Album ‘Duck Dynasty’ Feud: John Luke And Sadie Robertson At Odds Over ‘Dancing With The Stars’ Opportunity Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 50.4k 0 0 Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 226.2k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 26.9k 0 0 Mike Pence Confirms Trump Presidency Will Abolish Birth Control Mandate And Transgender Bathroom Protection 78.2k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 22.3k 0 0 Forget Mars, Trump Wants NASA To Visit Jupiter’s Moon Europa And Explore The Solar System 10.4k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 9.7k 0 0 Recent Headlines Miley Cyrus And Liam Hemsworth’s Wedding Called Off Again? She May Not Be Wife Material 0 0 0 Andy Cohen Responds To Criticism He Let Bullying, Violent Alcoholics Take Over ‘RHOC’ And ‘RHONY’ 0 0 0 Michael Jackson Grandchild On The Way? Secret Son Is Expecting A Baby 0 0 0 Taylor Swift Ditches Pop Sound For ‘Hip-Hop And R&B’ Album 4 0 0 ‘Duck Dynasty’ Feud: John Luke And Sadie Robertson At Odds Over ‘Dancing With The Stars’ Opportunity 2 0 0 Sammy Watkins Delayed Return Leaves Bills Fans, Fantasy Owners Worried 8 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
null
Login | Join Apps Facebook Twitter Radio Live 3Now View Shows ° ° North Island Auckland Dannevirke Dargaville Gisborne Hamilton Hastings Kaitaia Levin Masterton Napier New Plymouth Paihia Palmerston North Paraparaumu Rotorua Russell Taumarunui Taupo Tauranga Te Kuiti Thames Tokoroa Whanganui Wellington Whakatane Whangarei South Island Alexandra Ashburton Blenheim Christchurch Dunedin Gore Greymouth Hokitika Invercargill Kaikoura Motueka Nelson Oamaru Queenstown Reefton Timaru Wanaka Westport Paul Henry Weekdays 6am Newshub Live Nightly 6pm Story Mon-Fri 7pm Newshub Late Mon-Fri 10:30pm The Nation Sat 9:30am / Sun 10am NZ World Politics Sport Health Entertainment Money Weather Online Radio Live Catch up on 3 Now TV Shows Crime Education Americas Europe Asia Africa Middle East Australia/Pacific Politics Health Cricket League Netball Basketball Motorsports Rugby Football Golf Tennis Other sports Markets Energy North Island Auckland Dannevirke Dargaville Gisborne Hamilton Hastings Kaitaia Levin Masterton Napier New Plymouth Paihia Palmerston North Paraparaumu Rotorua Russell Taumarunui Taupo Tauranga Te Kuiti Thames Tokoroa Whanganui Wellington Whakatane Whangarei South Island Alexandra Ashburton Blenheim Christchurch Dunedin Gore Greymouth Hokitika Invercargill Kaikoura Motueka Nelson Oamaru Queenstown Reefton Timaru Wanaka Westport Breaking News Apple Macs to ditch USB - report By Dan Satherley Thursday 20 Oct 2016 12:39 p.m. Share this story Planning to buy a new Mac? Better save some money for all-new peripherals. According to rumours ahead of Apple's October 27 big reveal, the new iMac and Macbook range won't have the same USB slots found desk and laptops since the late 1990s. Apple fan site Macotakara, citing "reliable sources", said Apple's going all-in with the new USB-C standard. It's a different shape to the old USB cables, which almost all other devices still use. "A MacBook Pro without traditional USB ports would take some getting used to," commented Macworld writer Caitlin McGarry. "Professionals use the high-powered Pros, and many of them have all kinds of peripheral devices that rely on the USB port. That means buyers of new Pros will have to shell out extra for an adapter or a multiport USB-C dock (like the kind Apple sells for US$80) to plug in all of their gear until accessory makers move to USB-C." Close-up of a USB-C port on a 2015 Macbook (Getty) USB-C plugs are smaller than the old type, allowing Apple to make its devices even thinner - the same reasoning behind why the company ditched the 60-year-old 3.5mm headphone jack on its new iPhone 7 range. It won't be the first time Apple's led the pack in ditching what it sees as obsolete technology. In 1998, Apple's new iMac range didn't have a floppy drive, the 1.4MB of information a pittance compared to CDs and DVDs, which could hold 800MB and 4GB respectively. In 2012 they shipped without CD drives, acknowledging the rise of cloud computing. Unravelling the mystery of Bluetooth Newshub. Air New Zealand soars to top of airline rankings Rise in cold call scams costs Kiwis millions Tourism operators fear lasting financial impact from quake Statistics NZ delays retail trade release Market rattled as investors assess quake #Markets #Apple #Apple iPhone #Computers #Information Technology #Mobile #Business #Technology Share this story Most popular Stranded cows rescued from quake island near Kaikoura Kaikoura road access to be restored within 'days' PM to earthquake looters: 'Be a decent human being' '90s superstars to play NZ in 2017 Trending 'Severe flooding' in Wellington Stranded cows rescued from quake island near Kaikoura Trump refuses presidential salary PM to earthquake looters: 'Be a decent human being' Simpsons creators address Trump presidency New Zealand World Politics Sport Health Entertainment Money Weather RSS Contact   |   Privacy Policy   |   Advertise with us   |   Copyright © 2016 MediaWorks TV. All Rights Reserved. Version BED 2.8.30.1356
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple files $2 million lawsuit over ‘genuine’ Apple chargers and cables on Amazon that are fake Jacob Siegal BGR News October 19, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share If a deal on a Lightning cable on Amazon seems too good to be true, it probably is. Patently Apple reports that Apple filed a $2 million trademark infringement case this week against a company called Mobile Star LLC for selling counterfeit power products under Apple's name on Amazon — products which could put consumers at risk. DON'T MISS: These 5 insanely thin iPhone 7 cases are perfect for people who hate iPhone cases Although the counterfeit devices have been removed from Amazon's storefront, there are several worrying developments that have come to light following Apple's investigation into the issue. First and foremost, the fake products haven't been properly tested or certified, meaning they likely "lack the safety features necessary to protects users from shock and fire hazards." Additionally, each and every one of the devices purchased by Apple in order to examine them was fulfilled by Amazon; in other words, the chargers and cables didn't come from a third-party seller, but directly from Amazon itself. "Consumers, relying on Amazon.com's reputation, have no reason to suspect the power products they purchased from Amazon.com are anything but genuine. This is particularly true where, as here, the products are sold directly "by Amazon.com" as genuine Apple products using Apple's own product marketing images. Consumers are likewise unaware that the counterfeit Apple products that Amazon.com sourced from Mobile Star have not been safety certified or properly constructed, lack adequate insulation and/or have inadequate spacing between low voltage and high voltage circuits, and pose a significant risk of overheating, fire, and electrical shock." After purchasing "well over 100" devices supposedly made or sold by Apple according to the listing on Amazon, Apple found that more than 90% were counterfeit. That's a staggering number, and it explains why Apple is filing suit. Trending right now: There might actually be an Android phone faster than Apple’s iPhone 7 Return to the ‘Pokemon Sun and Moon’ demo on these days for special rewards Watch the hilarious ‘Saturday Night Live’ debate sketch that had Donald Trump fuming See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Ecuador says it disconnected Julian Assange’s internet because of Clinton email leaks The Verge This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech T-Mobile fined $7.5 million because it doesn’t understand what ‘unlimited’ means BGR News The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Underwater drone to investigate sonar contacts in MH370 hunt Associated Press This self-driving car is a living room on wheels Yahoo Tech These 5 insanely thin iPhone 7 cases are perfect for people who hate iPhone cases BGR News You can carry this tiny scooter in your bag Yahoo Tech Samsung allegedly tried to bribe a man to keep his exploding Note 7 a secret BGR News Pogue’s Basics: Turn off Samsung’s Smart Guide Yahoo Tech Elon Musk promises an ‘unexpected’ Tesla announcement later today Digital Trends Election day is almost here and Google wants to make sure you vote Yahoo Tech Featured Mafia Review: Impressive storytelling can’t get ‘Mafia III’s tired gameplay off the hook Ben Silverman Apple A dozen iOS 10 feature gems that Apple forgot to mention David Pogue Bitcoin Walmart and IBM will use blockchain to track pork from China Daniel Roberts Babies This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Finance Fitbit The new Fitbits are smarter, better-looking, and more well-rounded pogueman Google Pixel Google Pixel XL review: An excellent phone with one flaw Daniel Howley Apple Car The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Daniel Howley Autonomous Cars This self-driving car is a living room on wheels Yahoo Finance Scooter You can carry this tiny scooter in your bag Yahoo Finance Anki Overdrive Review: Anki Overdrive gets chaotic with fun, flawed Supertrucks Ben Silverman Emojis Your silly emojis are going to court Rob Pegoraro David Pogue Pogue’s Basics: Turn off Samsung’s Smart Guide David Pogue Vote Election day is almost here and Google wants to make sure you vote yahoofinancestaff Playstation Vr These are the 8 coolest PlayStation VR games Ben Silverman Moto 3 features make Moto’s modular phones innovative, radical and risky David Pogue Samsung Note7 The big winner in the wake of Samsung's Note7 disaster Daniel Howley Autonomous Cars Self-driving cars have hit Great Britain Yahoo Finance Samsung Galaxy Note7 Why Samsung exploded and how it can turn itself around Daniel Howley Facebook How to play Facebook Messenger's hidden games Daniel Howley $facebook Facebook gets social at the office yahoofinancestaff Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Stolen passwords integrated inot the ultimate dictionary attack Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim 'Ultimate Team' scheme: EA hackers charged for stealing in-game coins Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH PIR saves millions in .org rebid Cheer up, world! AWS instances just got cheaper Gotta speed up HPC arrays. Flash or disk, flash or disk. Let's do both – Seagate Portable drive, 5TB capacity. Hmm, there's something fishy here Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Mark Zuckerberg is dead – Facebook confirmed Stolen passwords integrated inot the ultimate dictionary attack 'Ultimate Team' scheme: EA hackers charged for stealing in-game coins UK Home Secretary signs off on Lauri Love's extradition to US Origin of the beasties: Mirai botnet missing link revealed as DVR player The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Synopsys buys Cigital in secure DevOps push Policy The Channel China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Fake election news meltdown vortex sucks in Google UK NHS 850k Reply-all email fail: State health service blames Accenture UK.gov has 18,000 IT contractors on its books due to dearth of skills WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Google's new VR Daydream View will cripple your phone Google: If you think we're bad, you should take a look at Apple Sony: Get out Comedy Central, MTV – we've built a wall around Vue, the greatest wall ever SPB Geek's Guide Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Boffins find Galaxy making killer radiation, rule out Samsung phone as source CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Race for wireless VR headset heats up Yeah, that '50bn IoT devices by 2020' claim is a load of dog toffee Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Verity Stob Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed Spain's Prime Minister wants to ban internet memes. No, really A cardboard desk? I won’t stand for it (actually I will) More like this Smartphone Vr Electric Car Personal Tech China's LeEco eyes up US, takes on, er, Apple, Samsung, Netflix, Tesla Phones, cars, VR goggles ... the Chinese are coming for your profit margins, America 19 Oct 2016 at 23:26, Iain Thomson Iain Thomson Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Nsa, Nasa, Apple, Microsoft, Google Recent Articles Living with the Pixel XL – Google's attempt at a high-end phone El Paso city bungs $3.2m to email crooks pretending to be bosses Look out, SpaceX et al – China's Long March-5 rocket blasts off Pics Chinese tech maker LeEco (pronounced Le Echo) has made its entrance into the US market – with a lavish press conference in San Francisco that showed the Middle Kingdom isn't afraid to take on some of the biggest names in technology. The giant unveiled a high-spec smartphone that massively undercuts rivals Apple, Samsung, and Google on price; a seven-foot smart TV that will cause concern to competitors; an electric car that makes Tesla look like yesterday's jam; a phone-based VR headset to compete with Samsung and Google; and more off-the-wall stuff like an Android bicycle with fingerprint recognition and traffic-sensing lasers. "Some say LeEco is the Chinese Netflix, or Apple, or Tesla, or Samsung," said LeEco's CEO Jia Yueting. "Some say LeEco is crazy to come to these companies' backyards. America is the most important global market and US has the most mature consumers. When we get hearts and minds of American users we can do the same globally." LeEco started in 2004 as a video streaming service, the first to launch an IPO in China, but has since expanded with a film and TV studio, a smart TV and smartphone arm, and more recently an electronic vehicle division. Earlier this year it bought US TV manufacturer Vizio, and is now making a grand entrance into the US market using that firm's distribution network. Show me the hardware On the phone front, LeEco has dropped a bombshell in the high-spec smartphone market with the LePro 3, out next month. The phone has Qualcomm's fastest Snapdragon 821 processor, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and a massive 4070mAh battery. It is selling it for $399, with a $100 discount for early buyers. The design needs work, but the specs are awesome That's going to put the cat amongst the pigeons for high-end smartphone sellers like Apple and Samsung, and also effectively buggers up Google's plans to become a premium smartphone seller. With the brief hands-on we got with the handset, it's not as polished as any of the competition, but it costs less than half as much and doesn't need a recharge every day, which could prove compelling. LeEco has also attacked the lower-end market with the Le S3 phone. It's got a lower-powered Snapdragon 652 processor, 3GB of RAM and only 32GB of storage, but costs just $249 – again with a $100 discount for those who sign up to the firm's LeRewards program. The handsets also fit into the firm's VR headset, which is territory occupied by Samsung's VR and Google's own offering. The headset has its own chips to cut down on lag and is pretty good to use – certainly on a par with the competition. Samsung and Google have competition for phone-based VR The company also took aim at the high-end TV market with the uMax 85 – a seven-foot Android-powered monster screen that supports all the latest high-definition standards but undercuts the competition on price again. The full system costs $5,000, but there's a $1,000 discount for early buyers. Huge screen, low price Many become one Key to LeEco's play is linking these devices together in the same ecosystem and providing the content to match. At the launch, LeEco said that the firm would be partnering with big US content providers like MGM, Lionsgate, A&E, Showtime, and other media partners. More would be coming on board and the company is also producing its own content, such as the forthcoming film The Great Wall, in which a ponytailed Matt Damon fights with the Chinese against a hoard of CGI monsters. It was unfair that US consumers had to have multiple memberships of cable and online TV channels to see the content they wanted, said Jeff Briller, GM of content for LeEco North America. More announcements on content partners will be out soon, and in the meantime those that sign up with LeEco will be able to use the company's network for storage and viewing. Subscribers get unlimited photo and video storage, up to 5TB. Electric vehicles The other two showcase products at the LeEco launch were slightly less sensible – an Android-powered bike and an autonomous electric car. Jia Yueting said that the inspiration for this was the horrible pollution that blanketed the firm's home city of Beijing. The bicycle is a 30-speed carbon fiber machine that has an alarm and fingerprint sensor for security, an intercom system that works with a phone to act as an intercom system with other riders, twin lasers on the back to warn against homicidal drivers, and a battery to power the Android operating system. The bike looks very good and cycle-heads will probably love it. Price wasn't mentioned, but expect it to be at the high end – there are a lot of well-heeled bikers out there who would be willing to pay for such kit. The other electric vehicle is the LeSEE (for Super Electric Ecosystem) autonomous car, a co-project with Aston Martin and Faraday Future. The car will link in with existing LeEco kit and has an adaptive driving system to take on some of the tasks normally assigned to a driver. Nice concept, we'll see how the commercial kit looks While the car itself looks very good, it's still at the concept stage. Jia Yueting promised that there would be a commercially available version ready in time for next January's CES Exhibition. The Chinese are coming The launch, held at San Francisco's palace of Fine Arts, was clearly ambitious and LeEco has big plans for the American market. But talk is cheap. Luckily for the company, so are its products. LeEco is taking on the US with a combination of low-priced, high-end kit and a broad range of media – it is hoping it can build a brand over here. It faces an uphill task. Companies spend billions on marketing and still don't make it in the US, and other Chinese firms have tried and failed to make a significant impression with US consumers. Can LeEco do better? Probably, based on the quality of the hardware and software that was on display today. The firm has invested heavily in both talent and space in Silicon Valley and has a market capitalization of over $10bn, meaning it can invest for the long term. As incomes in the US shrink, the market will become a lot more amenable to lower-cost technology that can do the job as well or better than established alternatives. It could be that LeEco has picked just the right time to bring itself to this country and try and beat the majors at their own game. ® Sponsored: Transforming software delivery with DevOps Tips and corrections 12 Comments More from The Register Google scraps its Project Ara modular smartphone wheeze Software-focused firm backs out of hardware idea 43 Comments Scientists' sneaky smartphone software steals 3D printer designs Creative but only semi-useful snooping hack 11 Comments Chinese Android smartphone firm: It packs a dedicated crypto chip Which means... what exactly? 27 Comments Gartner: RIP double-digit smartphone growth. 2016 has killed you Microsoft can stop worrying about smartphone non-strategy 27 Comments Late night smartphone use makes women go blind London doctors warn of perils of in-bed, one-eye watching 32 Comments Smartphone growth? Not in Q1, says IDC Phone-fondlers fondle fave phones for longer, spoiling upgrade cycle 4 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Performance-Driven licensing This eBook discloses high-level findings of VMTurbo’s September 2015 industry survey “Licensing, Audits &amp; Compliance in the Cloud Era” Six Steps to Control the Uncontrollable A step-by-step guide to help you address the challenges you face as you work to go mobile Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' Your body reveals your password by interfering with Wi-Fi CERN boffins see strange ... oh, wait, that's just New Zealand moving 2m north WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory Spotlight Virtual reality is actually made of smartphones Google may just have silently snuffed the tablet computer Brain plague or estate agents? I know which I'd prefer in Virtual Reality Self-stocking internet fridge faces a delivery come down My headset is reading my mind and talking behind my back Penetration tech: BAE Systems' new ammo for Our Boys and Girls Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back The sharks of AI will attack expensive and scarce workers faster than they eat drivers Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad China's LeEco sets out to shake up US consumer tech market By Associated Press Published: 19:14 EST, 19 October 2016 | Updated: 19:14 EST, 19 October 2016 e-mail SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Most U.S. consumers haven't heard of LeEco, but the Chinese technology company is setting out to become a household name with smartphones and flat-screen TVs that undercut the prices of Apple, Google, Samsung and other industry stalwarts. LeEco heralded its entrance into the U.S. market during a Wednesday showcase in San Francisco, where the company unveiled a sleek smartphone called the LePro 3 that will sell for $400 and an internet-connected TV with a 7-foot screen priced at $5,000. LeEco positions the LePro 3 as an alternative to Apple's latest iPhone and Google's Pixel phone, whose prices both start at $650. LeEco is promising its giant TV, called the UMax 85, will be as good or better than other high-end home entertainment systems that cost $8,000. Rob Chandhok, LeEco North America chief research and development officer, holds a LePro 3 phone while speaking at an event in San Francisco, Wednesday, Oct. 19, 2016. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu) Both the phone and TV will go on sale Nov. 2 in LeEco's online store, LeWeb.com. The company also is selling a smaller smartphone and smaller TVs with screens ranging from 43 inches to 65 inches. Besides the phones and TVs, LeEco also is coming to the U.S. with a virtual-reality headset, a high-tech bicycle and an electric car in a challenge to Tesla Motors. The company wants to bundle the devices with other services, including an online video package of shows and movies that ties into its origins as the "Netflix of China." LeEco, which stands for "Happy Ecosystem," is branching out to challenge technology leaders who have been able to demand a premium for their products partly because they have been pleasing U.S. consumers for years. "America is the most important global market for us," LeEco CEO Jia Yueting said through a translator during a presentation. "Once we get the hearts and minds of U.S. users, we can move on to the hearts and minds of global users." Innovation in the U.S. has hit a "bottleneck," making it an optimal time for LeEco to enter the market, Jia said in an interview with The Associated Press that was also translated. He envisions creating a platform that enables consumers to hopscotch from LeEco TVs to phones to cars to watch its video service and use other applications that that company plans to introduce. The company is using the devices as "Trojan horses," to deliver its digital services, said Gartner analyst Werner Goertz. "This is a general trend in the industry, and LeEco is a prime example of how companies are subsidizing hardware with ulterior motives." Google is similarly selling its new Pixel phone in an effort to drive more traffic to its search engine and other service, Goertz noted, though that device is being sold at a premium price. Amazon.com's Echo, an internet-connected speaker that understands and responds to spoken language, also is designed to get boost sales at the company's e-commerce site. The expectations for LeEco are modest. The research firm Strategy Analytics projects that LeEco will sell about 25 million smartphones worldwide this year. By comparison, Apple had sold 214 million iPhones in the past year ending in June. Other Chinese companies that tried to make a splash in the U.S. consumer electronics market have barely made a ripple. But LeEco is making a major commitment. During the summer, the company paid $2 billion for budget-TV maker Vizio, a well-known brand in the U.S. that sells in Costco and other prominent chains. It employs several hundred workers at its U.S. headquarters in San Jose, California, with ambitions to expand in Silicon Valley. Earlier this year, it spent another $250 million to snap up a 50-acre site in Santa Clara, California, where it has approval to build an office complex that could span up to 3 million square feet and accommodate about 12,000 workers. Jia plans to call the complex "EcoWorld." "They are not taking a half-baked approach," Goertz said. "But I think they are going to be hemorrhaging money for the foreseeable future. The question is how long they can sustain this strategy?" Jia, who has accumulated an estimated fortune of nearly $5 billion, will shoulder a huge chunk of any losses because he owns half of LeEco. He declined to say how much LeEco has spent in the U.S. so far. "We are financially prepared to bring a new model and a new value for the U.S. consumers," Jia said. Danny Bowman, LeEco chief revenue officer, speaks at an event in San Francisco, Wednesday, Oct. 19, 2016. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu) LeEco CEO Jia Yueting, right, and co-founder and SEE Plan Global Vice Chairman Lei Ding pose for photos after unveiling the LeSEE car at an event in San Francisco, Wednesday, Oct. 19, 2016. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario Celebrity cover up! From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         This is the year to consider affordable smartphones Opinion Anna Scantlin Contributing Editor | October 19, 2016 26 shares 16 5 0 3 0 0 1 0 1               Times have changed in the past few years for the smartphone industry. It wasn’t too terribly long ago that the phrase “You get what you pay for,” was spot on; cheap phones were pieces of junk that seemingly only worked for the first couple of weeks that you bought them, while the flagships maintained their status as high-quality smartphones that were worth the extra money. But that was a different time, and I don’t think that old phrase works for this industry anymore. 2016 has been a weird one for mobile. The year started off sort of strong for flagships with the Galaxy S7, got kind of weird with the LG G5, and the HTC 10 hype was great for the few weeks that it lasted. Apple’s unveiling of the iPhone SE, which brought back the beloved 4-inch iPhone with a surprisingly reasonable price, was a pleasant addition to this year’s line-up; however, Apple’s true flagship, the iPhone 7, has received mixed reactions due to the removal of the 3.5mm headphone jack (but significant improvements in other areas). Samsung’s Note 7 hype was extremely short lived due to its explosive issues, which continued even with the new “safe” models. Google has so far done well promoting its new premium Pixel brand, but the loss of Nexus has left a bit of a hole for some in the industry. Overall, it's been a rollercoaster year for flagships. However, it’s important to remember (which can be hard to do given the amount of exposure that flagships get in the media) that flagships aren’t the only smartphones out there. In fact, when you look at the more affordable options that have come out in 2016, they’re actually pretty great. I started thinking about this when reading about LeEco’s upcoming debut to the U.S. with the Le Pro3 smartphone, which is significant because it’s the second smartphone to hit the U.S. market with the Snapdragon 821 processor (the first being Google’s Pixel). What truly sets the Le Pro3 apart from the Pixel, however, is the fact that it’s much more affordable at just $399 – in fact, the phone will only cost $299 for a limited time, as the company is offering a $100 rebate at launch. Combining its processing power with the rest of the specs of the device (5.5-inch 1080 display, 4/6GB of RAM, 32/64/128GB of internal storage, 4070 mAh battery, 16-megapixel camera) this phone is pretty amazing at either price. However, it is one of the growing number of companies that have ditched the 3.5mm headphone jack. The specs you get on the Le Pro3 for the price LeEco's charging made me think of all of the other amazing smartphones you can get for a low price: the Nexus 5X for under $300 (or $199 through Project Fi); OnePlus 3 for $399; Apple’s iPhone SE for $399; Nextbit Robin for $299 (often $199 with frequent sales); and the Huawei Honor 8 for $399. There are so many more available out there, but these are some of the tried and true examples out there that easily make one think, “Why am I paying so much more for a premium flagship?” There are some drawbacks, such as dropped support in some cases after a shorter period of time, differentiating features (which can be good or bad), or not being able to purchase some of these phones on installment plans. However, as somebody who has been burned by HTC regarding updates in the past, and as somebody who currently uses Samsung and isn’t entirely convinced that the Note 7 fiasco will push updates to the S7 duo any faster, I have to say that the lack of promised updates isn’t necessarily limited to cheaper phones. I could see where lack of installment plans could be an issue, but in my opinion is worth the temporary hit to the wallet in order to halve the costs of flagships in the long run. I’m still trying to crawl out of the mindset that flagships are the only way to go; I’ve just been stuck here for so long. But with the addition of LeEco’s Le Pro3, as well as compiling that list of other affordable high performance smartphones on the market is slowly but surely giving me food for thought regarding the value I put on flagships. Readers, what are your thoughts on the selection of “affordable” smartphones this year? Have they changed the way you think of flagships? Let us know in the comments below! Images via:  GSM Arena Opinion Samsung Apple HTC LeEco LG Huawei Google OnePlus Samsung Galaxy S7 Apple iPhone SE Apple iPhone 7 LG G5 Huawei Honor 8 Google Pixel OnePlus 3 Products mentioned Samsung Galaxy S7 Apple iPhone SE Apple iPhone 7 LG G5 Huawei Honor 8 Google Pixel OnePlus 3 Previous ArticleLG is better off ditching the modular dream for now Next ArticleVerizon's new PopData service is flawed, but not useless Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Android 7.1 Developer Preview now available for download Verizon says no 128GB Pixel XL in stores tomorrow Kodak Ektra is a new camera-centric Android phone with a 21-megapixel camera Nintendo Switch takes mobile gaming to a whole new level View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes: Unlimited Messages: 500 Data: Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 6 days 7 hours ago 7 shares 4 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 LeEco Le Pro3 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 3 days ago iPhone 7 Review: One Month Later! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 20 hours ago 10 shares 6 2 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 MacBook Pro (13-inch 2016) Unboxing! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 2 days ago 10 shares 6 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 19 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Huawei Nexus 6P 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 7 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG G5 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 Plus 1 Votes Apple iPhone 7 1 Votes HTC 10 19 Votes More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 12 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 3 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Huawei Nexus 6P Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG G5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T Stream Saver will AT&T's prepaid GoPhone AT&T boosts GoPhone data AT&T launches Cuba roaming and AT&T to begin offering cracked Two more replacement Galaxy Note AT&T reportedly thinking about Sprint News HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5 Sprint teaming up with Google to Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Sprint launches unlimited data HTC Bolt shown off in leaked Sprint and Best Buy are the latest LG V20 launching at Sprint on T-Mobile News Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge may Buy one T-Mobile Galaxy S7, get a T-Mobile SyncUp Drive launching T-Mobile announces Galaxy Note 7 Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 T-Mobile expands Google Pixel 7 weird and unique smartphone Verizon Wireless Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet shown Verizon launching two new prepaid Motorola and Indiegogo teaming up Verizon eliminates two of its Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Verizon says no 128GB Pixel XL in PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
null
null
Sorry!! The article you are trying to read is not available now. Log In Business News Politics And Regulation Markets The Economy Editor's Pick Trading And Investing Stocks ETFs Fixed Income Currencies Earnings Commodities Options Taxes Personal Finance How To Trade How To Invest sectors Biotech/pharma Consumer Energy Financial Global Markets Media Precious Metals Real Estate Technology Transportation special features Wall Of Worry Random Thoughts Sports Business Minyanville Press Hoofy & Boo Radio From The Buzz & Banter Daily Recap MV Education center Video t3 live subscriptions Buzz And Banter Cooper's Market Report Techstrat Report The Options Strategist Thank you very much; you're only a step away from downloading your reports. You will receive a download link right in your email inbox for each of the free reports that you choose. Minyanville Apple Inc. Is a Buy Thanks to iPhone 7's Sudden Sex Appeal (AAPL) By Scutify Oct 19, 2016 7:58 am PRINT   Stay Connected This article is published in collaboration with Scutify, where you can find real-time markets and stock commentary from Robert Marcin, Cody Willard and others. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. Analysts come to the defense of Apple stock amid better-than-expected iPhone sales Apparently, news of the death of Apple Inc.'s (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone were premature. Indeed, better-than-expected sales of the gadget led two analysts to raise their price targets Tuesday. Source: Beni Krausz via Unsplash Unanticipated demand for the less-than-exciting iPhone 7 led a couple of analysts to weigh in with higher target prices as a result. From Stifel Nicolaus: "We are increasing our F4Q16 revenue and EPS estimates from $45.6B/$1.57 to $47.7B/$1.69 (street: $46.9B/$1.66), which now reflects iPhone shipments of 47.0 million vs. our prior 42.2 million estimate (street: 44.6M; 40.0-46.2M range) [...] We adjust our F1Q17 (Dec '16) estimates from $70.5B/$3.01 to $74.3B/$3.17 (street: $74.4B/$3.19) with iPhone shipments now estimated at 76.6M vs. our previously noted conservative estimate of 69.9 million (street: 75.4B). It is important to consider the extra (14th) week included in the December quarter - extra week ending on New Year's Eve, which in the past has been highlighted as a good sell-thru week for Apple." Stifel analyst Aaron Rakers already had a "Buy" rating on Apple stock. Now he's lifted his price target as well - to $130 from $120 a share. That gives AAPL implied upside of 10% in the next 12 months or so. Over at Deutsche Bank, analyst Sherri Scribner affirmed her "Hold" call after hiking her target price on Apple stock to $108 from $105. That's curious because the price target is below the current level of Apple stock. Ordinarily that would equate to a "Sell" rating. Regardless, the analyst raised her iPhone sales forecasts for last month and December. Apple Stock Has More to Give So what to make of AAPL stock? The forward price-to-earnings multiple has creeped up this year thanks to the stock's 12% gain so far this year. AAPL stock gets little premium for growth now that iPhone sales have cooled off. After all, Apple IS iPhone and the market for smartphones is pretty mature, especially in the developed world. Making matters worse, existing iPhone users are hanging on to their older models for longer periods of time, which hurts the upgrade cycle. As a result, Apple stock fetches just 13 times forward earnings. With a compound annual growth forecast of 8% for the next half decade, shares look to be pretty fairly priced. But only if iPhone sales projections are spot on, and now it looks like they will actually be better-than-expected. That could mean there's still some incremental upside for Apple stock. That's not a bad bet if more analysts revise their models upward. There's a reason why a poll by Thomson Reuters finds that 41 out of 49 analysts call Apple stock call it a "Buy." As of this writing, Dan Burrows did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. This article was written by Dan Burrows, InvestorPlace Feature Writer for InvestorPlace on Oct 18, 2016. This article published in collaboration with Scutify, the best app for traders and investors. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. < Previous 1 Next > View As One Page Click Here to read the disclaimer > Follow Us On Twitter PRINT   Get The Minyanville Daily Recap Newsletter Stay current on financial news, entertainment, education and smart market commentary. Subscribe   Stay Connected Featured Videos This application requires JavaScript. WHAT'S POPULAR IN THE VILLE 1 Best apps for investors and traders 2 5 Trade Ideas for Monday: Allstate, BioTelemetry, Cincinnati Financial, Coach and Hasbro 3 US Market Update: Trump Towers 4 Bulls Get Vocal 5 Weighing the Week Ahead: Time for a Portfolio Transition? See All Articles » More From Minyanville   Business News Trading and Investing Sectors Special Features MV PREMIUM MV Education Center Video Buzz & Banter Cooper's Market Report TechStrat Report The Options Strategist Sitemap Contributor Bios Directory of Terms Archive Email Alerts RSS Feeds T3 Live Subscriptions Minyanville Merchandise Company   MinyanLand Minyanville Media Buzz and Banter.com Ruby Peck Foundation About Us Advertise Contact Us Help Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Disclaimers   Follow Minyanville on Facebook   Follow minyanville on Twitter   Follow Minyanville on Linkedin   Subscribe to Our RSS Feed Partners   ©2016 Minyanville Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > It’s official: Apple’s October 27 event is scheduled It’s official: Apple’s October 27 event is scheduled October 19, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment It’s now official. Apple’s October 27 event has been scheduled and we’re expecting new Macs to be announced. The tagline reads ‘hello again’. The event will take place on Apple’s Cupertino campus, likely the last one before Apple Campus 2 is ready to go. The event has come as a surprise as Apple did not hold a second fall event last year and all signs pointed to the iPhone 7 event in September for being the last. However, Mac hardware is in desperate need of an upgrade and multiple reports have implied Apple is planning to unveil its latest in October. Earlier this week Recode reported the date of the event before Apple did. While most Mac hardware is in need of an upgrade, not all will be announced. It’s highly unlikely we’ll see an update to the Mac mini or Mac Pro for example, even though it’s been several years since it was last updated. What we expect is an update to Apple’s notebook line which includes new MacBook Pros with an OLED touch bar replacing the function row, Touch ID, and a new design, MacBook Airs with USB-C, though the company will likely kill the 11-inch model, and possibly a smaller update to the iMac. Apple may also introduce a successor to the discontinued Thunderbolt Display. Mac users have been asking for a standalone Retina display, similar to the one found on the iMac. Apple’s display would feature a 27-inch display with a 5K Retina screen which would be quite expensive. Based on its lifespan, Apple’s AirPort networking hardware may also get updated. Tags: Apple Event, iMac, Mac, MacBook Air, MacBook Pro About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Apple seeds macOS 10.12.1 beta 5 to developers and public beta testers Apple partners with construction companies to boost HomeKit support in homes → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Apple releases iOS 10.0.3 to the iPhone 7, fixes cellular connectivity issues3 iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 iPhone 7 to be available in 4 additional countries on November 41 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog iOS 10.2 beta 3 update now available from Apple Samsung Rewards launching this week, will offer prizes for Samsung Pay users LG V20 launch sales double that of V10 in the US I'm sold on virtual reality Google Play Music update brings improved recommendations, new home screen, and more Do physical keyboards still have a place in the smartphone industry? BlackBerry CEO confirms that new phone with physical keyboard is coming Android And Me LG has sold over 200,000 V20 units in Top 5 most popular Android apps from Samsung Rewards will earn Samsung Pay Samsung acquires Harman to expand into Google Play Music update adds machine Best 10 smartphone, smartwatch and accessory DEAL: Nextbit Robin gets a 43% price TmoNews T-Mobile to launch Blue Coral Galaxy T-Mobile launches @Work All-In Bundle T-Mobile’s Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge AT&T borrows T-Mobile Binge On to launch Next T-Mobile Tuesday will offer UE Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 launches T-Mobile launches 4G LTE service at PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X BREAKING:  Asia shares mixed, ASX down 0.7%, Nikkei slips 0.2%, Kospi up 0.1% × × × Venture Capital Finance Banks Investing Wall Street Hedge Funds M&A Insurance Venture Capital It's good for Clinton and Apple to talk about encryption, venture capitalist says Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan Wednesday, 19 Oct 2016 | 6:13 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES If Hillary Clinton is talking with tech giants like Apple about encryption, it's a good thing, venture capitalist Chamath Palihapitiya told CNBC's "Squawk Alley" on Wednesday. "I think half the people in Silicon Valley don't know what encryption is," Palihapitiya said. "The reality is these are very difficult, nuanced technical concepts. And I think when you have a public stage that she does — and frankly, any politician does — I would hope that they would call the experts." David A. Grogan | CNBC Chamath Palihapitiya speaking at the Sohn conference in New York, May 4, 2016 WikiLeaks released hacked emails of John Podesta, chair of Hillary Clinton for America, drawing attention to Clinton's encryption stance, and one email appears to show an Apple employee lobbied Podesta about Apple's battle with the FBI. The company was at odds with law enforcement earlier this year over demands to access the iPhone of San Bernardino shooter Syed Farook. Podesta has said that he does not have time to verify which of the WikiLeaks files are real. Business Insider pointed out this summer that Clinton's language was lockstep with Apple's when it comes to encryption, despite her 2015 call for a "Manhattan-like project" to break encrypted terrorist communications. Apple declined to comment. While the Clinton campaign does not authenticate individual emails, representative Glen Caplin called the Wikileaks hack a "propaganda campaign." He pointed to Clinton's rival, Donald Trump's, record on cybersecurity. "Even after being briefed by U.S. intelligence before the first debate on Russia's role in the hack, Trump has oddly chosen to coddle [Russian president Vladimir] Putin by deflecting blame," Caplin said. But if the ties do exist, Palihapitiya said it's a positive that Clinton took the time to learn the facts from Apple and that he hopes she takes the same approach for topics like health care and education. Palihapitiya did not address Clinton's private email server during her tenure as secretary of state, which has also been central to the cybersecurity debate. FBI Director James Comey said earlier this year that hostile actors likely gained access to accounts that Clinton had contacted during her use of a personal account, and it was possible that the hostile actors also gained access to her account, though there was no direct evidence of a breach. "Well, here's what I'll say about Hillary — I think she is fundamentally prepared for the the job," Palihapitiya said. "I think she has a temperament to sort of bring people together and create a more pluralistic and inclusive government. Frankly, I think she has to just not trip up between now and November 8, and I think she'll win." Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BOX --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Apple invites the press to (probably) hear about new Macs By Patrick May / October 19, 2016 at 2:09 PM The email invite popped up in reporters’ inboxes everywhere on Wednesday: Apple was calling. “hello again,” said the cryptic message. “Please join us for a special invitation-only event at the Apple campus in Cuptertino on Thursday, October 27,” it said. Rumors have been circulating of late that Apple was about to introduce a new line of Macs, including the much-anticipated overhauled MacBook Pro. According to the blog-o-gossip, the new laptop has undergone its first major redesign in four years. This email confirms the news going around yesterday and the 10 a.m. event should provide the stage for the big unveiling. In 2014, Apple brought out the 5K Retina iMac along with the iPad Air2 at a similar event at a conference room on the Apple campus. The Oct. 27 event will be the first to star the Mac since March last year. That was when the 23-inch MacBook was first revealed. What to expect in the new MacBook Pro? Think thinner, think lighter, think multiple ports. We may also see TouchID with a wider trackpad that responds to pressure, according to various press reports. Bloggers have been expecting the new Pros to come in both the 13- and 15-inch sizes Stay tuned for more details. Until then, goodbye again. Credit: Getty Images Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: Apple, MacBook Pro   More Posts in 1 Petition for electoral college coup against Trump gets more than 1 million signatures November 10, 2016   Apple now selling pre-owned iPhones from online store November 9, 2016   Google’s driving app ‘Android Auto’ now works as free standalone on phones November 8, 2016       Share this Post Tweet           About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter GMSV     Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Is activist investor Starboard looking to run at Hewlett… Petition for electoral college coup against Trump gets more… Surveillance, encryption concerns in the wake of Donald… Social media and the election through the eyes of Donald… Wolverton: Competition stumps Amazon Echo, Google Home     Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2016 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
Club MacStoriesBecome a Member MENU ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS LINKED STORIES iOS 10 WWDC 2016 My New iPad Pro Keyboard: The Razer Mechanical Keyboard Case Why I’m Considering Bear as a Notes App Replacement The New MacBook Pro: Our Complete Overview This week's sponsor Secrets a beautifully simple password manager, now Free on the App Store Apple Announces October 27 Event By John Voorhees Apple Mac invites are out! Next Thursday will be my MacBook Air’s last day trip to Cupertino FOREVER! pic.twitter.com/w0T5YxswMC — Joanna Stern (@JoannaStern) October 19, 2016 As first reported yesterday by Ina Fried at Recode, Apple announced a media event for October 27 at 10 AM San Francisco time. The event will be held at Apple's campus in Cupertino. As shared by Jason Snell at Six Colors, the invitation simply reads "hello again". Recode's article and other recent speculation suggests that this media event will be primarily dedicated to unveiling new Mac products, many of which are well overdue for an update. In particular it is expected that the MacBook Pro laptop line will receive a significant update with a new touch screen strip that replaces the function keys, a thinner design, improved performance, and potentially Touch ID. It is also expected that the iMac line will be refreshed. Less likely, but still plausible, are updates to the Mac Pro (last updated in December 2013), MacBook Air (last updated March 2015), and Mac Mini (last updated October 2014). It is also possible that Apple may announce a ship date for the new wireless AirPods that were announced last month at Apple's iPhone 7 keynote. At the time, Apple said that the AirPods would be available in "late October". The iPhone 7 Plus' new Portrait mode, which creates a depth-of-field effect, has been in a public beta of iOS 10.1 since late September and its official release date could also be announced at this event. Tags: mac, October 27 Join Now Like MacStories? Become a Member. Club MacStories offers exclusive access to extra MacStories content, delivered every week; it’s also a way to support us directly. Club MacStories will help you discover the best apps for your devices and get the most out of your iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Plus, it’s made in Italy. Starting at $5/month, with an annual option available. Join the Club. A Club MacStories membership includes: MacStories Weekly newsletter, delivered every week on Friday with app collections, tips, iOS workflows, and more; Monthly Log newsletter, delivered once every month with behind-the-scenes stories, app notes, personal journals, and more; Access to occasional giveaways, discounts, and free downloads. John Voorhees John Voorhees is the creator of Blink: Better Affiliate Links, an iTunes affiliate linking app for iOS from Squibner, and co-host with Robb Lewis of the podcast Ruminate. Twitter: @johnvoorhees | Email: voorhees@macstories.net ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by Macminicolo | Acknowledgements Copyright 2016 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.3
Club MacStoriesBecome a Member MENU ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS LINKED STORIES iOS 10 WWDC 2016 My New iPad Pro Keyboard: The Razer Mechanical Keyboard Case Why I’m Considering Bear as a Notes App Replacement The New MacBook Pro: Our Complete Overview This week's sponsor Secrets a beautifully simple password manager, now Free on the App Store Apple and Homebuilders Work to Spread HomeKit Adoption→ Linked By John Voorhees Apple has begun working with large US-based home builders, like Lennar and KB Home, to incorporate HomeKit-enabled systems into newly-constructed homes. HomeKit was introduced with iOS 8. Makers of home automation equipment were initially slow to adopt HomeKit, but it has begun to gain momentum in recent months. With device manufacturers embracing HomeKit in greater numbers, Bloomberg reports that Apple has turned to large homebuilders to help get those devices into homes. One drag on home automation adoption is cost. As Bloomberg points out, a touchscreen deadbolt lock costs $200 compared to $32 for a traditional lock. Another issue is incorporating smart devices into older homes that were not designed with them in mind. To address both problems, Apple is focusing on new homes: ’We want to bring home automation to the mainstream,’ said Greg Joswiak, Apple’s vice president of product marketing. ‘The best place to start is at the beginning, when a house is just being created.’ By focusing on new construction, the cost of smart devices can be rolled into a homeowner’s mortgage at the time of purchase, making the cost easier to rationalize. New construction also has the advantage that it is easier to design devices into a home when it is built than to retro-fit existing homes. Source: Apple Is Working With Homebuilders to Spread HomeKit Adoption Tags: home automation, HomeKit ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by Macminicolo | Acknowledgements Copyright 2016 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.3
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple and IBM have launched their First MobileFirst App for Education Called 'Watson Element' | Main | Rumor suggests that Apple may be attending the 2017 Mobile World Congress Event as an Exhibitor » October 19, 2016 Apple's Not-So-Secret Mac Event is on for Next Thursday Oct 27   The announcement for Apple's World Wide Developer Conference held in June was titled "Hello, WWDC16" and Apple's invitation for their October 27 event is interestingly called "Hello again." Whether that's a reference to another Siri announcement or just a reference to the event being the second for the year is unknown at this time. Though someone just sent in a comment that it's a reference to the original Mac. That would make the most sense considering the nature of the event. Is the 'Reinvention' of the iMac on the way?   The Mac event is expected to take place at or near Apple's Cupertino campus rather than in San Francisco, where the company held many recent events, including the iPhone 7 announcement.   It's going to be a busy week. Apple has its earnings report on Tuesday, then Microsoft is holding a Windows 10 hardware event in New York on Wednesday where we may see their first all-in-one PC debut to challenge the iMac and then finally Apple will take to the stage to finally refresh their MacBooks and more.   What can we expect from Apple? Bloomberg told us way back in August that we could expect to see a 5K standalone display to replace their now defunct Thurderbolt Display. The MacBook Air may get a refresh and we're likely to see a thinner MacBook Pro.   Apple will update the iMac and that could be interesting. Intel told us that 7th Generation desktop processors won't be launching until sometime in Q1 2017. According to Intel's Navin Shenoy, VP, GM Client Computing Group, the new processors will usher in the 'Immersive Internet Era." Will Apple pull off a coup and have the new processors ahead of schedule? Likely not, but it's one of those hopefuls that would be a genuiine surprise.   With or without a 7th gen processor, Apple could introduce USB-C and new GPU cards will be announced. Will AMD continue to get the nod from Apple with their new Polaris pushing VR Performance that we pointed to back in April?   The question left is whether Apple will push the display to 34" or even 38" (curved or not) or keep the 27" as their top model. Apple supposedly worked with LG on the new 5K display and in August they introduced some fantastic displays for gamers and professionals. Was it a hint of what's to come?   In May Patently Apple posted a report titled "MacBook Pro to Gain OLED, Touch ID & First-to-Market Mini-Display Function Key Bar." This is where all eyes will be on when the new MacBook is announced. This would be a nice leap for the holiday season and beyond. It would really be spmething refreshing and possibly exciting depending how it's implemented.   Am I hoping for a real surprise at this event. Of course I'm am, I'm always hoping that Apple will pull a new rabbit out of their hat. That's what we always hope for isn't it? We don't get many real suprises these days with rumors killing all the fun. But one of these days Apple may still be able to land a great punch that no one is expecting, like adding a next-gen 3D depth iSight camera to the iMac and introducing their Faceshift app to give us all something new to try out and have fun with. Or maybe even In-air gesturing – just don't hold your breath on that one for this year.   And lastly, maybe Apple will be bold enough to add a new Magic Trackpad with Apple Pencil capabilities. Apple was granted that patent in June so why not implement it now? What are they waiting for? You never know, it might be the time to get the Apple community pumped with something new again. We'll know next week and I'll cross my fingers.   If there anything that you're hoping to see at the event that we didn't list, please send in your comments below.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on October 19, 2016 at 04:09 PM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung Aggressively Gets into Apple's Face with Moves into AI and Telematics with Harman Acquisition Chinese State Publication Warns President Elect Trump that any Tariffs on Chinese Goods Would be bad News for Apple Microsoft, Apple and Google Aim to Extend Touch Technologies to a World of new Devices and Applications Samsung sets their Eyes on a Revolutionary Holographic TV Lest we Forget: Remembrance and Veterans Day 2016 Samsung Reconsiders Foldable Smartphones as Fear of another Market Blunder Weighs Heavily on the Company Apple Supplier Japan Display may get one last Government Bailout to help it Shift to OLED Why is Samsung Racing to launch their first Foldable Dumbphone? Apple Updates 'Glass Fused Device Housing' Patent by shining a light on a Possible Illumination Feature Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Software How to use Apple Configurator 2 to simplify deploying iOS upgrades OTA Follow these steps to create a configuration file in Apple Configurator 2 that you can deploy to end users or push via MDM to manage settings on devices over-the-air (OTA). By Jesus Vigo | October 19, 2016, 2:07 PM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Image: Apple Apple Configurator 2 provides full end-to-end deployment/management of iOS-based devices on a one-to-one or a one-to-many basis. In addition to upgrading devices to the latest versions of iOS, you can use Apple Configurator 2 to create configuration profiles that contain one or more settings payloads that can be distributed to client devices remotely. More about Mobility CIO Jury: 10 out of 12 tech leaders trust Samsung despite Galaxy Note7 failure IBM Watson is coming to the iPhone, and that's big news for business users Tech Pro Research: Social media policy Subscribe to TechRepublic's Mobile Enterprise newsletter I'll go through the step-by-step process of configuring two commonly used payloads as examples: one for securing passcodes on iOS devices and the other for configuring Wi-Fi access using WPA2 Enterprise for corporate wireless networks. Requirements Apple computer running MacOS 10.11 or later Apple Configurator 2 app (available in the Mac App Store) Method of deploying profiles: web server, MDM, or email/SMS first- or third-party SSL Certificate (optional, though required if signing profiles) Trust Certificates (optional, though required if configuring secured access profiles, such as WPA/WPA2 Enterprise, SCEP, or MIME/S, for example) With that out of the way, let's begin configuring our first profile. SEE: How to update to iOS 10 using Apple Configurator 2 Configuring the passcode restriction profile 1. Launch Apple Configurator 2 from the Applications folder. Click File | New Profile to launch the Untitled.mobileconfig template (Figure A). Figure A Image: Jesus Vigo/TechRepublic 2. All profiles begin with the General tab, as that is required in order for the profile to meet certain requirements, such as a Name and Unique Identifier. Also included are Descriptions and Consent Messages that will be seen by end users and describes what the profile does for transparency (Figure B). Figure B Image: Jesus Vigo/TechRepublic 3. Also included in the General tab is the Security section, which is very important in that it controls how the profile is to be handled by end users and if it expires Regardless of the additional payloads selected, the General payload is required and should always take into account the desired end result of the configuration and how it impacts the device and the end user. In other words, some profiles may be required on certain devices and may need to be enforced across the board; for these profiles, you may wish to prevent unauthorized removal. However, other profiles may be optional and may be set to auto-expire after a set number of hours or days, for example (Figure C). Figure C Image: Jesus Vigo/TechRepublic 4. Next, we move down to the Passcode tab and click the Configure button to open the payload editing screen (Figure D) (Figure E). Figure D Image: Jesus Vigo/TechRepublic Figure E Image: Jesus Vigo/TechRepublic 5. By modifying the payload settings, you can prevent the use of simple values (or the default 4-pin passcode) to something more robust and secure, such as requiring alphanumeric values with a minimum length of 8 characters. Additional settings are available to further strengthen the passcodes required of end users and should be set according to your users' needs with respect to the data they access as classified by management (Figure F). Figure F Image: Jesus Vigo/TechRepublic 6. When the settings have been configured, go to File | Save... to name the profile and save the file to a directory (Figure G) (Figure H). Figure G Image: Jesus Vigo/TechRepublic Figure H Image: Jesus Vigo/TechRepublic The .mobileconfig file is the standard used by Apple for remotely configuring and managing profiles used on iOS-based devices, which includes iPods, iPhones, iPads, and late-model Apple TVs. The profile may be deployed OTA via MDM servers, email, or SMS or saved to a public or private directory on a web server where it may be downloaded by users, as needed. Configuring the enterprise Wi-Fi profile 1. In the second example, we configure a Wi-Fi profile that uses WPA2 Enterprise to connect authorized devices to a company's wireless network. Authentication is handled via Radius server to allow tighter control over network access. From Apple Configurator 2, go to File | New Profile and enter the necessary identifiers for naming the profile (Figure I). Figure I Image: Jesus Vigo/TechRepublic 2. Next, go to the Wi-Fi tab to configure the settings as they pertain to your wireless network's configuration (Figure J) (Figure K). Figure J Image: Jesus Vigo/TechRepublic Figure K Image: Jesus Vigo/TechRepublic 3. Under Enterprise Settings, the Trust tab is used to import Trusted Certificates that will provide, among other things, naming and security-related settings to the device so that it can identify the Radius server and configure it to authenticate network access against the server prior to allowing a device on the corporate network. Additionally, the Trusted Server Certificate Names should be entered as required when importing Trust Certificates (Figure L). Figure L Image: Jesus Vigo/TechRepublic 4. As in step #6 above, go to File | Save... to save the settings to a .mobileconfig file for deployment. Apple Configurator 2 can digitally sign profiles for enhanced security; any signing certificates that have been imported to Apple Configurator 2 will appear in the drop-down list when selecting File | Sign.... This allows the administrator to sign the profile that provides a higher level of security and trust when deploying profiles to devices (Figure M). Figure M Image: Jesus Vigo/TechRepublic Note: Signed profiles, while secure, cannot be edited after they have been signed. These profiles will need to be recreated in the event that changes need to be made or the need to be resigned in the future. It is a good practice to make a separate "template-only" version of these files and store them securely until they are needed in the future. As you can tell, there are multiple payload types supported for use in creating Profiles. From Restrictions, which allow or disallow specified apps or features from being used, to VPN configurations to Mail settings and even directory server account settings—there is a lot to choose from when locking down and securing iOS devices. And its modular framework allows for multiple configuration profiles to be created and used to provide settings and enhanced security when and where it is needed to most (Figure N) (Figure O). Figure N Image: Jesus Vigo/TechRepublic Figure O Image: Jesus Vigo/TechRepublic For iOS and Mac tips, subscribe to our Apple Weekly newsletter. Subscribe Also see Apple Configurator 2 makes iPad and iPhone deploys even easier for SMBs (TechRepublic) 5 overlooked features of iOS 10 (TechRepublic) Stress-reducing MDM tips for businesses managing Apple devices (ZDNet) iOS 10 and the enterprise (Tech Pro Research) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Jesus Vigo Jesus Vigo is a Network Administrator by day and owner of Mac|Jesus, LLC, specializing in Mac and Windows integration and providing solutions to small- and medium-size businesses. He brings 19 years of experience and multiple certifications from seve... Full Bio Contact See all of Jesus's content Google+ themacjesus × Full Bio Jesus Vigo is a Network Administrator by day and owner of Mac|Jesus, LLC, specializing in Mac and Windows integration and providing solutions to small- and medium-size businesses. He brings 19 years of experience and multiple certifications from several vendors, including Apple and CompTIA. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research IT leader’s guide to the future of artificial intelligence System monitoring policy Hiring kit: Microsoft Power BI developer Research: Automation and the future of IT jobs Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Chinese tech giant LeEco reveals its plan to take over America: Firm shows off phones, TVs, online video and music stores and even a self driving car and electric bike in bid to take on US tech market LePro 3 will sell for $400 and go up against Apple iPhone and Google Pixel Internet-connected TV with a 7-foot screen will be priced at $5,000 Company paid $2bn for US TV Vizio over the summer  LeEco also set to sell a range of other phones and TVs By Associated Press Published: 16:33 EST, 19 October 2016 | Updated: 18:46 EST, 19 October 2016 e-mail 17 shares 10 View comments Most U.S. consumers haven't heard of LeEco, but the Chinese technology company is setting out to become a household name with smartphones and flat-screen TVs that undercut the prices of Apple, Google, Samsung and other industry stalwarts. LeEco heralded its entrance into the U.S. market during a Wednesday showcase featuring a sleek smartphone called the LePro 3 that will sell for $400 and an internet-connected TV with a 7-foot screen priced at $5,000. LeEco positions the LePro 3 as an alternative to Apple's latest iPhone and Google's Pixel phone, whose prices both start at $650.  Rob Chandhok, LeEco North America chief research and development officer, holds a LePro 3 phone while speaking at the launch THE LEPRO3  SMARTPHONE  LeEco positions the $399 LePro 3 as an alternative to Apple's latest iPhone and Google's Pixel phone, whose prices both start at $650. It boasts a 5.5” FHD display, a 'class-leading battery size', stereo speakers with Dolby Atmos, and a Snapdragon 821 CPU. LeEco is promising its giant TV, called the UMax 85, will be as good or better than other high-end home entertainment systems that cost $8,000. Both the phone and TV will go on sale Nov. 2 in LeEco's online store, LeWeb.com. The company also is selling a smaller smartphone and smaller TVs with screens ranging from 43 inches to 65 inches. Besides the phones and TVs, LeEco also is coming to the U.S. with a virtual reality headset, a high-tech bicycle and an electric car in a challenge to Tesla Motors. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Catapult, Horizon and Voltron: Experts reveal the secretive... Has Adult FriendFinder been hacked AGAIN? 'Underground... Google to take on the cable companies with $25 a month... Megaquake fears rise as researchers find San Francisco's... Share this article Share 17 shares LeEco is promising its giant TV, called the UMax 85, will be as good or better than other high-end home entertainment systems that cost $8,000. The company wants to tie all the devices with various other services that it intends to bundle together, including an online video package of shows and movies that ties into its origins as the 'Netflix of China.' A SERIOUS CONTENDER? During the summer, the company paid $2 billion for budget-TV maker Vizio, a well-known brand in the U.S. that sells in Costco and other prominent chains.  It employs several hundred workers at its U.S. headquarters in San Jose, California, with ambitions to expand in Silicon Valley.  Earlier this year, it snapped up a 50-acre site in Santa Clara, California, where it has approval to build an office complex that could span up to 3 million square feet and accommodate about 12,000 workers. LeEco Chief R&D officer Rob Chandhok unveils the new LeEco Pro3 during a press event in San Francisco. LeEco, which stands for 'Happy Ecosystem,' is branching out to challenge technology leaders who have been able to demand a premium for their products partly because they have been pleasing U.S. consumers for years. A man looks at LeEco's Le S3 phone on display at the company's event in San Francisco, 'America is the most important global market for us,' LeEco CEO Jia Yueting said through a translator.  WHAT THE LEECO SMART BIKE DOES  Super Bike has a 4-inch display that pairs with a smartphone app, which has cloud connectivity. Along with this, it has a navigation system, push-to talk intercom, and numerous safety features.  The firm even revealed an electric bike at the event, which will go on sale later this year These include an on-board headlight and a tail-light, which contains side laser markers to create a visible bike lane. The bike also contains side lights mounted on the handlebars to equip the rider with turn signals, along with a horn and hydraulic disk brakes. And, it has an alarm system that is triggered by movement, an electronic parking brake, a fingerprint scanner, and location tracker. Super Bike also contains an array of sensors, including heart rate monitor.  'Once we get the hearts and minds of U.S. users, we can move on to the hearts and minds of global users.' Other Chinese companies that tried to make a splash in the U.S. consumer electronics market barely made a ripple. LeEco co-founder and SEE Plan Global Vice Chairman Lei Ding speaks at an event in San Francisco, Wednesday, Oct. 19, 2016. But LeEco is investing.  During the summer, the company paid $2 billion for budget-TV maker Vizio, a well-known brand in the U.S. that sells in Costco and other prominent chains.  It employs several hundred workers at its U.S. headquarters in San Jose, California, with ambitions to expand in Silicon Valley.  Danny Bowman, LeEco chief revenue officer, speaks at an event in San Francisco, Wednesday, Oct. 19, 2016. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu) LeEco CEO Jia Yueting, right, and co-founder and SEE Plan Global Vice Chairman Lei Ding pose for photos after unveiling the LeSEE car at an event in San Francisco, Wednesday, Oct. 19, 2016. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu) Earlier this year, it snapped up a 50-acre site in Santa Clara, California, where it has approval to build an office complex that could span up to 3 million square feet and accommodate about 12,000 workers. 'They are not taking a half-baked approach,' said Gartner analyst Werner Goertz.  'But I think they are going to be hemorrhaging money for the foreseeable future. The question is how long they can sustain this strategy?' Share or comment on this article e-mail 17 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Moment of impact as earthquake rattles home in Wellington Got any oink-tment?: Excited piglets take a warm bath SNL mocks government shutdown with Gravity skit Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Obama and Trump sit down to discuss the transfer of power James Corden sings for the 2016 Sainsbury's Christmas advert Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Shocking moment Kumbuka tries to smash glass at London Zoo 'Don't be afraid': Trump looks to reassure divided America... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... PICTURED: The 71 protesters arrested during fourth night of... African-American soldier with his service dog, Barack, has... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... Residents forced to flee huge 'wall of water' after... PIERS MORGAN: And the award for the worst election loser... 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... Will Donald Trump live in the White House? The... 'You gotta print a fake birth certificate, put it in an... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications The incredible swirls surrounding Saturn's giant hexagonal storm revealed in stunning new Cassini image The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea... Mysterious 'megafast electrons' are accelerated to the speed of light just outside Earth's magnetic field -... Intelligent aliens are most likely to be MACHINES, astronomers claims iPhone 8 to get a size boost: Radical redesign set to boast new 5 and 5.8inch edge to edge curved screens The AI that could tell you how long your flight is REALLY delayed for From your travels to your diet, the molecules left on your PHONE could reveal surprising details about your... The app that lets the colorblind see the world in a new light: Microsoft 'color binoculars' can allow... It’s the sand man! Incredible giant human face appears in the dunes of the Namibian desert  How AI will take over the world: Researchers reveal the 'four ages of smart software' that will take tech... Can YOU tell which shade is darkest? The quiz that will determine if you really have superior colour vision  The curse of the competitive male: Being flashy helps wins over females - but it can also cause species to... MORE HEADLINES Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view Sex with robots will be 'mind blowing': Expert says androids could one day improve your skills in the bedroom Adult FriendFinder is hacked AGAIN: Cheats' dirty secrets may be exposed after 412 million user details are leaked U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary Robinson warns The incredible swirls surrounding Saturn's giant hexagonal storm revealed in stunning new Cassini image Have dead POLAR BEARS washed up in Scotland? Three mystery white carcasses are spotted by islanders The running shoes for HORSES: Clip-on plastic covers could make for happier hooves From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife Photography Awards revealed Can the OnePlus 3T compete with the iPhone 7? Company's most powerful handset yet may be released tomorrow The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster How we spot snakes quickest: Humans are 'wired' to recognise the reptiles over less dangerous animals The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea off Sweden The curse of the competitive male: Being flashy helps wins over females - but it can also cause species to become EXTINCT Soaring hospital admissions, mass insomnia, pets going wild - as tonight sees the biggest moon for 70 years... Is this proof a full moon drives you loony?  Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign workers MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' Modern Family actress  Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Shared a sexy snap  Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican vacation with Scott Disick Sunshine break  'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Stylist Sam McKnight  'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Had everything clicking at the promotional event Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel supermodel wowed 'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' James Packer's ex-fiancée Kate Fischer shares cryptic message alongside a throwback photo of the former couple Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly knows how to make a splash 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands Monday was a regular errand-running day for the A-lister Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) He's serving eight years Time to eat some Indian food? Pregnant Laura Csortan is WELL past her due date as she displays her baby bump in bikini snap Australian model  It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371,000 Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended Not a great start... Life's a beach! Liam Hemsworth dons a wet-suit as he enjoys surf session in Malibu after fiancée Miley Cyrus finally confirmed their engagement Meghan McCain named permanent co-host of Fox News's Outnumbered, three months after ousted Andrea Tantaros filed lawsuit against network Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie Looked in good spirits Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards Nominees named Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Busy mom-to-be Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Great way to bust any stress 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Showcased edgy side 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett talks about being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence Celebrity lookalikes He's an icon too! Duke of Edinburgh, 95, is shown objects from around the world as he opens London's Design Museum The Queen's husband Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS so easy! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick William or Harry in an interview months before royal romance NBC executives refused to let Saturday Night Live endorse Hillary Clinton for president claims Alec Baldwin  Plays Trump on show Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when swimsuit unfastens British aristocrat 'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Celebrating his 36th Twice the star power! Madonna and Zac Efron take selfies together as they watch UFC's Connor McGregor fight Lucky Madonna even got a kiss from Zac! Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting in 1998 as they got their hair cut at same salon Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in Victoria's footsteps as he makes a fashion statement with pink beanie hat while out for lunch with friends She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Victoria's Secret Angel looked catwalk ready Naomi Campbell speaks about what it means to be black and British and joins other stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin color PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Vacation heating up  Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Hid most of her face Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Message on page said it 'isn't available' LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Held on to him firmly Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid reveals she posed as Playboy's Miss July 2015 with a botched breast augmentation 'Were just too big'  'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Said he was 'amazing' 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son Adam writes emotional tribute to his father following his death at 82 'You cannot be erotic': Showgirls director Paul Verhoeven says there is not enough sex onscreen in Hollywood He blamed the lucrative PG-13 market SPOILER ALERT: Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about his 'daughter' Judith on The Walking Dead He is everyone's favorite post-apocalypse dad  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Fun in the sun 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with British pop star husband Robbie Williams Back in business! Queen Letizia of Spain showcases her slender frame in a charcoal suit at a Madrid conference Harked back to her days as a news reader 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Stark warning 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes Can't stay friends Reunited and it feels so good! Jennifer Garner flashes her lithe legs in a chic LBD as she enjoys night out with former Alias co-star Victor Garber Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar  'I'm fed up and shutting this down!' Gabby Douglas puts her foot down over cruel online trolls, vowing to block anyone who 'can't be nice' in furious post 'My sunshine, you're amazing': Bindi Irwin shares heartfelt tribute to her American boyfriend Chandler Powell on his 20th birthday  Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Is it over already? 'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Iman takes incognito ride on NYC subway... days after the release of David Bowie's posthumous album Hid beneath wig and sunglasses Sparkling in sequins! Zelda Williams shimmers in gold and black dress with thigh high boots for LA fashion show The 27-year-old wowed Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama 'I'm going to be a daughter': Ivanka Trump denies she will be part of her father's administration in first televised interview since election victory  'Sometimes he listens, sometimes he doesn't': Melania says she tells Donald when he overdoes it on Twitter but ultimately 'he will do what he wants' Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Ashley Graham shows off her fabulous curves in a fitted black cold-shoulder dress as she attends star-studded fashion bash Megyn Kelly opens up to Dr Phil about the 'sexual harassment' she suffered at hands of Roger Ailes and how Trump once 'screamed' at her  Mums unite! Jennifer Garner and Rachel Zoe bring their children to a star-studded outdoor Malibu party Sunday afternoons are meant for partying  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick She's ripped! Former model and author Kelly Bensimon, 48,  wears torn blue jeans while out with teenage daughter Thadeus in New York City Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Nicole Kidman reunites with To Die For co-star Casey Affleck for Variety's Actors on Actors taping Reunion 21 years after film was released  In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Australia 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Attended The Grove Christmas event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends  American Civil Liberties Union dinner in Beverly Hills  Looked gorgeous  'You started it': Kenya Moore and Shereé Whitfield hurl nasty insults over home renovations on Real Housewives of Atlanta  Feisty friction  More Fergalicious than ever! Fergie's got legs for days in behind-the-scenes footage from new video Life Goes On  Black Eyed Peas beauty posted racy clip  Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market 'She's seems okay': Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette after talking about ex-wife Angelina Jolie following Brad Pitt split Spoke out Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose as they get their groove on at UK theater awards Happiest place! Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Knows how to have family fun Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Fans of Edgar Wright can rest assured Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Arrived at the Roosevelt Hotel 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star wore an eccentric outfit  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape She's a real page turner! Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in LA Loked comfortable and stylish 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Nikki Reed looks radiant in floral patterned frock as she cuddles up to Ian Somerhalder at Unlikely Heroes event in Dallas Was a hostess at event Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry'  903 comments 12 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Mobile   /   How Shared iPads and Apple TV Can Change Health Care Delivery       How Shared iPads and Apple TV Can Change Health Care Delivery     By Todd R. Weiss  |  Posted 2016-10-19 Print               A new hospital being built at UC-San Diego has iPads and Apple TV in each of its 245 rooms to empower patients in their own medical care. MINNEAPOLIS—When patients are admitted to hospitals today, they typically have a white board mounted in their rooms where caregivers list their names, medicines and medical notes to help guide the care of the patient. But at the newly built Jacobs Medical Center in San Diego, white boards have given way to Apple iPads and Apple TV in each room, where patients will be able to log in once they are admitted. Using the iPads, patients will be able to access deeper details about their caregivers, in-room controls for lighting, window shades and room temperature, as well as peruse their personal medical records and details about their treatments and upcoming procedures. Using Apple TV, patients will have access to entertainment and streamed video, as well as maintaining connections with friends and family using social media and video including FaceTime and Skype. "We're giving patients visibility into why they are there," Eric Boyd, a member of the infrastructure workstation management team at the University of California-San Diego Health unit, which owns and operates the new facility, told eWEEK at the Jamf Nation User Conference held here Oct. 18 to 20. "We're reducing the worries of being in a hospital and empowering patients" to have quick and easy access to what is happening to them as part of their treatment. While the new hospital has not yet opened, 25 iPads and an accompanying MyChart Bedside app from software vendor Epic have been piloted at another UCSD hospital in the last six months and have shown great results, said Boyd. Originally, the first tablet pilot project was started a year ago with 25 Android devices because they were cheaper to buy. The move was quickly made to Apple devices, though, when administrators learned that it was harder to find reliable ways of wiping the Android devices clean of personal patient data each time someone was admitted or discharged from the hospital. The Android tablets required hands-on visits from IT workers to delete personal information, making the process entirely too unwieldy and labor-intensive, said Marc Sylwestrzak, director of IS experience and development at UCSD Health. At the same time, Epic finally released an iOS version of its MyChart Bedside app earlier in 2016, so iPads could then be considered for use in Jacobs Medical Center, he said. "We wanted a [product] without having to go in and manually wipe data without touching them" with human hands, said Sylwestrzak. Also key needs were ultra-high security for patient information and the ability to allow patients to add their own apps to the devices while they are staying in the hospital to help them control their own lives. To do that, UCSD Health is using Jamf's Casper Suite, which has just been renamed Jamf Pro, to administer all of the iPads using dashboards and controls from afar. Jamf Pro is being tested on the devices now and ultimately will let UCSD Health IT administrators automatically and remotely wipe the devices when a patient is discharged to get it ready for the next user in the hospital room, according to Sylwestrzak. Jamf Pro works with the Epic app to coordinate iPad management with patient records, ensuring that Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) privacy requirements are protected at all times. The iPads and the MyChart Bedside apps also allow patients and their families to put video games on the iPads to entertain children who are visiting patients, giving the children something to do while in the hospital. That's been very helpful so far, said Boyd. "We've seen measurable results—nurses say that families are staying longer when they visit, which is really beneficial for the patients," he said. "The goal was to make things easy for the patients, to make them feel more secure."             LATEST MOBILE ARTICLES   Google Rebuts EU Complaint About Android Bundling Charges GoPro Recalls All 2,500 of the New Karma Drones Sold to Customers Google Gives Gmail for iOS Major Overhaul NXP Unveils New Technologies for Autonomous Vehicles Google Moves to Mobile-First Indexing for Search                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Search (optional) LifestyleLifestyle Architecture Around The Home Children Collectibles Good Thinking Health & Wellbeing Holiday Destinations Outdoors Pets Remarkable People Sports Tiny Houses ScienceScience Biology Electronics Energy Environment Materials Medical Physics Quantum Computing Space TechnologyTechnology 3D Printing Computers Deals Digital Cameras Drones Games Home Entertainment Laptops Military Mobile Technology Music Robotics Smartwatches Telecommunications VR Wearables TransportTransport Aircraft Automotive Bicycles Marine Motorcycles Urban Transport Features Reviews Facebook Twitter RSS Flipboard New Atlas Laptops Apple isn't quite done for the year, updated Macs likely coming next week Will ShanklinOctober 20th, 2016 2 pictures Invite for Apple's October 27 eventView gallery - 2 images If you thought Apple covered its entire year-end lineup at its September iPhone 7 event, think again. The company today sent out invites for one more 2016 shindig, where new Macs are expected to be the main entrée. As reported by The Loop and other outlets, Apple shot out invites today for the October 27 event on the company's Cupertino campus. The teaser (above) doesn't appear to reveal much, with the words "Hello again" along with an Apple logo with smoky/splashy colors swirling inside. It so happens "Hello" was the first word publicly uttered by the first Macintosh in 1984; take that as you will. Numerous rumors have been pointing to a refresh of nearly the entire Mac lineup, highlighted by a thinner MacBook Pro with USB-C ports and an OLED strip replacing the standard Fn row of keys. The Retina MacBook Pro line last saw a major redesign in 2012. The most recent MacBook Pro, the 2015 Retina model(Credit: Will Shanklin/New Atlas) New MacBook Airs are expected too, though that's more likely a minor iteration of the current design. iMacs and an external display of some sort to replace the Thunderbolt Display are other possibilities to keep an eye out for. The 12-inch MacBook was already updated earlier this year, and is unlikely to see any new models next week. New Atlas will have full coverage of the announcements next week.View gallery - 2 images New AtlasApple isn't quite done for the year, updated Macs likely coming next week 1 / 2 Tags #MacBook Pro #Apple #MacBook Air Share this article Show 1 comment Recomended for you Latest in Laptops 15-inch MacBook Pro: 2016 vs. 2015 13-inch MacBook Pro vs. 12-inch MacBook (2016) 13-inch MacBook Pro (2016) vs. MacBook Air 13-inch MacBook Pro (2016) vs. Microsoft Surface Book Search New Atlas Search (optional) Over 255,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address unused Gizmag is now New Atlas Switch to Desktop Site
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Laptop News / It's official: Apple confirms October 27 event, new MacBook Pro expected It's official: Apple confirms October 27 event, new MacBook Pro expected by Chris Smith 19 October 2016 0 shares Read Comments Apple has sent out invites to a press event on October 27, where the firm is expected to unleash new Mac hardware. Less than 24 hours after reports ‘confirmed’ the date, Apple made it official with the invite (above) bearing the caption ‘hello again.’ A brand new MacBook Pro has been tipped to headline the event, featuring a fresh design, USB Type-C charging and a brand new touch-sensitive OLED panel above the keyboard. Related: MacBook Pro 2016 news A refreshed 13-inch MacBook Air could also see the light of day. The firm’s iMac and Mac Pro lines could also be in line for an update, but the 12-inch Retina MacBook was refreshed earlier this year. In terms of non-Mac announcements, it’s conceivable Apple could roll out a refreshed Apple TV set-top box to support 4K HDR video. Watch The Refresh: The best tech gossip and reviews every week What would you like to see at Apple's 'hello again' event? Share your thoughts in the comments section below. Latest Deals From Ebay Apple 13.3" MacBook Pro w/Retina Display 8GB Memory - 128GB Storage MF839LL/A $1,029.99 View Item Apple 15.4" MacBook Pro w/Retina Display & Force Touch Trackpad MJLQ2LL/A $1,599.99 View Item MacBook Pro (Retina, 13-inch, Early 2015) 2.9 GHz Intel Core i5 9 bids $910.00 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
null
Features News Nation Local World From the Editor Columns Last Word Latest Posts Arts Out On the Town Discount Tickets to DC Events Stage Music Film Reel Affirmations Games Television Life Cars Food Health Home Pets Technology Travel Community Business Calendar Community Directory Weather Nightlife Calendar Bars & Clubs Clublife Coverboy Scene Photos Video Featured Partners Health Legal Services Retail Weddings Gift Shop About Us Subscribe to our Daily E-Blast Advertising with Metro Weekly Where to Find MW Features News Nation Local World From the Editor Columns Last Word Latest Posts Arts Out On the Town Discount Tickets to DC Events Stage Music Film Reel Affirmations Games Television Life Cars Food Health Home Pets Technology Travel Community Business Calendar Community Directory Weather Nightlife Calendar Bars & Clubs Clublife Coverboy Scene Photos Video Featured Partners Health Legal Services Retail Weddings Gift Shop Home / News + Politics / Nation / Hillary Clinton shortlisted Apple CEO Tim Cook for VP Hillary Clinton shortlisted Apple CEO Tim Cook for VP Tim Cook was on a shortlist of business leaders that included Bill Gates and Michael Bloomberg By Rhuaridh Marr on October 19, 2016 @rhuaridh Share Tweet Share Share 0 comments Tim Cook at WWDC, Photo: Mike Deerkoski / Flickr Hillary Clinton’s campaign staff considered Tim Cook — Apple’s openly gay CEO — for her vice president, according to leaked emails. John Podesta, chairman of Clinton’s campaign, discussed a “first cut of people to consider for VP” in March, Gizmodo found. “Cheryl, Robby, Jake, Huma, Jennifer and I also did a first cut of people to consider for VP,” Podesta wrote. “I have organized names in rough food groups.” One of those groups included prominent business leaders, including Bill and Melinda Gates, former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg, and Cook. Apple’s CEO, who came out publicly last year, has never discussed his political persuasions, though his support for gay rights and climate change efforts would align him with the Democratic Party. Clinton’s campaign apparently met with Cook last year to discuss fundraising, with a staffer at the time advising that they “proceed cautiously,” according to Bloomberg. They added that Cook was “supportive but new to this so I think we shouldn’t come on too strong.” He ultimately held a fundraiser for Clinton, but also held one for Republican Speaker of the House Paul Ryan. Apple hasn’t commented on the information, but it’s unlikely the world’s most valuable company would have been willing to relinquish their CEO to the campaign, had Clinton’s staff seriously considered Cook. Still, as a hypothetical it’s interesting — Cook would have been the first openly gay VP nominee in history. Related: Apple CEO Tim Cook: “I’m proud to be gay” Feed Your Email News, Reviews, Contests, Coverboy, Discounts and More! Metro Weekly's Emails are a great way to stay up-to-date with everything you want to know -- and more! Email Click to Subscribe Rhuaridh Marr is Metro Weekly's managing editor. He can be reached at rmarr@metroweekly.com. Related Itemsapplehillary clintontickerTim Cookvice presidentvp ← Previous Story Judge recommends against banning transgender student from locker room Next Story → Matthew Shepard’s mother: Donald Trump’s hateful campaign “terrifies me” You may also like... Spotlight: Isamu Noguchi’s Archaic/Modern at the American Art Museum Spotlight: John Hudak comes to Kramerbooks Spotlight: A Drag Queen Christmas with Bob the Drag Queen, Kim Chi, Alyssa Edwards Polls Take Our Poll Metro Weekly Contests Win tickets, music & other items Check out the current contest list here. Most Popular Most Viewed Recent Posts Tags Trump campaign CEO under scrutiny for comment about "dykes" Post-Election LGBT Survey: Share your thoughts about the election of President Trump Trump's America rears its ugly, racist head Switcheroo: Freaky Friday at Signature Theatre (review) Trump's Homophobic Red Flags Arena Stage's "Carousel": Reinventing a Classic Spotlight: Isamu Noguchi's Archaic/Modern at the American Art Museum Spotlight: Second City's Black Side of the Moon Anti-LGBT aggressions tick up following Donald Trump's victory NOM wants to repeal marriage equality under Trump administration Spotlight: Isamu Noguchi's Archaic/Modern at the American Art Museum Spotlight: John Hudak comes to Kramerbooks Spotlight: A Drag Queen Christmas with Bob the Drag Queen, Kim Chi, Alyssa Edwards Spotlight: Alexandria Film Festival Mike Pence will lead Trump transition team Spotlight: Sylver Logan Sharp at Blues Alley Spotlight: Strathmore Museum's Shop Around Trump's America rears its ugly, racist head Spotlight: Second City's Black Side of the Moon Anti-LGBT aggressions tick up following Donald Trump's victory african-american aids barack obama black capital pride celebrities coverboy crime dadt dc discrimination doma drag enda featured film film festival gay hillary clinton hiv hrc kennedy center lesbians lgbt marriage marriage equality maryland military movies music nightclubs obama proposition 8 reel affirmations religion republican party same-sex marriage senate supreme court ticker transgender tv virginia white house youth Metro Weekly on Twitter Tweets about metroweekly OR "metro weekly" -davidteamq Featured Partners Metro Weekly Contributor | April 7, 2016 iPhone Saviors: CrackedMacScreen Metro Weekly Contributor | January 30, 2016 Ray Gernhart: Show Man Metro Weekly Contributor | January 14, 2016 Fetish Sizing: Bite The Fruit’s personalized buying experience Discount Tickets for Upcoming Shows Mariah Carey Dec 5 - Dec 17, 2016 The Kinsey Sicks: "Oy Vey in a Manger" Dec 20 - Dec 28, 2016 Septime Webre's "The Nutcracker" Dec 3 - Dec 23, 2016 "Six Degrees of Separation" Nov 17 - Dec 1, 2016 "Freaky Friday" Nov 17 - Nov 18, 2016 » View more events Metro Weekly Washington's LGBT Magazine 1775 I Street NW, Suite 1150 Washington, DC 20006 (202) 638-6830 About Us page Follow Us: · Facebook · Twitter · YouTube · Pinterest · LinkedIn · RSS Feed Archives Archives Select Month November 2016  (62) October 2016  (130) September 2016  (139) August 2016  (121) July 2016  (124) June 2016  (162) May 2016  (132) April 2016  (94) March 2016  (115) February 2016  (93) January 2016  (98) December 2015  (92) November 2015  (110) October 2015  (116) September 2015  (131) August 2015  (117) July 2015  (119) June 2015  (144) May 2015  (127) April 2015  (138) March 2015  (171) February 2015  (121) January 2015  (118) December 2014  (101) November 2014  (100) October 2014  (129) September 2014  (86) August 2014  (151) July 2014  (111) June 2014  (112) May 2014  (151) April 2014  (110) March 2014  (146) February 2014  (156) January 2014  (125) December 2013  (112) November 2013  (141) October 2013  (171) September 2013  (153) August 2013  (171) July 2013  (131) June 2013  (152) May 2013  (181) April 2013  (152) March 2013  (161) February 2013  (135) January 2013  (177) December 2012  (122) November 2012  (118) October 2012  (178) September 2012  (166) August 2012  (197) July 2012  (217) June 2012  (185) May 2012  (218) April 2012  (184) March 2012  (230) February 2012  (197) January 2012  (234) December 2011  (211) November 2011  (161) October 2011  (265) September 2011  (178) August 2011  (174) July 2011  (196) June 2011  (241) May 2011  (215) April 2011  (228) March 2011  (250) February 2011  (216) January 2011  (196) December 2010  (253) November 2010  (220) October 2010  (256) September 2010  (239) August 2010  (215) July 2010  (213) June 2010  (174) May 2010  (151) April 2010  (139) March 2010  (174) February 2010  (119) January 2010  (130) December 2009  (125) November 2009  (131) October 2009  (193) September 2009  (139) August 2009  (109) July 2009  (104) June 2009  (130) May 2009  (131) April 2009  (147) March 2009  (112) February 2009  (106) January 2009  (90) December 2008  (93) November 2008  (117) October 2008  (204) September 2008  (156) August 2008  (140) July 2008  (146) June 2008  (229) May 2008  (146) April 2008  (101) March 2008  (78) February 2008  (77) January 2008  (73) December 2007  (55) November 2007  (32) October 2007  (129) September 2007  (76) August 2007  (57) July 2007  (43) June 2007  (89) May 2007  (68) April 2007  (57) March 2007  (46) February 2007  (42) January 2007  (54) December 2006  (39) November 2006  (49) October 2006  (104) September 2006  (58) August 2006  (46) July 2006  (34) June 2006  (43) May 2006  (47) April 2006  (40) March 2006  (46) February 2006  (35) January 2006  (37) December 2005  (37) November 2005  (36) October 2005  (97) September 2005  (43) August 2005  (37) July 2005  (28) June 2005  (54) May 2005  (34) April 2005  (39) March 2005  (49) February 2005  (34) January 2005  (29) December 2004  (37) November 2004  (35) October 2004  (102) September 2004  (45) August 2004  (38) July 2004  (40) June 2004  (67) May 2004  (44) April 2004  (48) March 2004  (60) February 2004  (44) January 2004  (36) December 2003  (42) November 2003  (38) October 2003  (108) September 2003  (49) August 2003  (25) July 2003  (42) June 2003  (29) May 2003  (41) April 2003  (48) March 2003  (48) February 2003  (42) January 2003  (46) December 2002  (32) November 2002  (22) October 2002  (90) September 2002  (34) August 2002  (23) July 2002  (36) June 2002  (9) May 2002  (4) April 2002  (7) March 2002  (4) February 2002  (6) January 2002  (3) December 2001  (3) June 2001  (1) January 2001  (1) November 1999  (3) September 1999  (1) June 1999  (1) March 1999  (1) September 1998  (1) July 1996  (1) January 1996  (1) July 1995  (1) May 1994  (4) 0  (1) Follow Us on Facebook Copyright © 2016 Jansi LLC. Archived Magazine PDFs Site Map Support MW Visitors Guide to D.C. RSS Feed
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any... Daily Deals: Amazon Echo $120, 23-inch HP display $87, and more   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple listed as exhibitor at next year’s Mobile World Congress By Cody Lee, Oct 19, 2016 Tweet Leave a Comment Apple is slated to make an appearance at the 2017 Mobile World Congress, reports MacRumors. The site points to a page (which has since been pulled) on the MWC website, which shows the company has booked exhibitor space for the event. This is significant for a few reasons. For one, Mobile World Congress is the world’s largest exhibition and conference for the mobile industry. And two, Apple’s been absent from most major trade shows and conferences since the early 2000’s. Babel PR pointed us towards Apple’s exhibitor listing, which shows the company has booked space in the App Planet in Hall 8.1, as well as two spaces in the upper level that runs above Hall 2 in the Fira Gran Via Conference Centre.  App Planet is described as “a unique area focusing on the latest technology from the fast-moving apps industry,” so Apple’s presence could be related to promoting the App Store ecosystem or Planet of the Apps. Apple’s other upper level spaces appear to be meeting rooms, suggesting the company’s presence may not be public facing. This would be unsurprising, given Apple has shifted new product announcements to its own media events.  Mobile World Congress 2017 will take place in Barcelona, and run from February 27 to March 2. Source: MacRumors Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Report: Apple planning to hold new Mac event October 27 Apple discontinues 11-inch MacBook Air How to live stream today’s Apple “hello again” event Apple said to be launching new TV guide app tomorrow Related Topics Apple, Event, MWC, News, Report   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Reviewers weigh in on the new MacBook Pro… Nonprofits in U.S. now able to accept donations using Apple Pay Apple seeds third beta of iOS 10.2, macOS Sierra 10.12.2, and tvOS 10.1 to developers KGI (again) predicts iPhone demand has peaked for the year due to lackluster improvements Apple spent years testing if touchscreens made sense on the Mac   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Qilai Shen/Bloomberg Struggling Chinese Unicorn Xiaomi Bets on Smart Rice Cookers Xiaomi, now No. 4 in the Chinese smartphone market it once dominated, has embraced the Internet of Things. The road ahead will be hard. Bloomberg News October 19, 2016 — 5:00 PM EDT October 19, 2016 — 5:00 PM EDT On a recent afternoon in northern Beijing, Chinese 20-somethings lean over a long blond-wood table in a retail store, examining colorful smartphones and fitness bands. The white walls and spare space recall an Apple Store, but on display is a wider, and more curious, range of products: "smart" rice-cookers, hoverboards, robot vacuum cleaners, bathroom scales and air purifiers. A tall salesman in a bright blue T-shirt says they are planning to soon cordon off an area to demo Xiaomi drones. Xiaomi's robot vacuum cleaner. Photographer: Qilai Shen/Bloomberg The brightly lit store is one of 36 locations across Greater China operated by Xiaomi Corp., a Beijing-based smartphone-maker that has been frequently touted as the "Apple of China." But Xiaomi has a very different strategy: Instead of meticulously designing products in-house, guided by the technical and aesthetic vision of a Steve Jobs-like figure, Xiaomi is investing in dozens of Chinese hardware startups, branding the devices with the Xiaomi label, and selling them in stores and through its website. The gadgets can be operated from a Xiaomi smartphone—a classic Internet of Things play—and are typically priced near the low range of competing products. The rice cooker costs about $150, more expensive than traditional electronic cookers, but far below top-end products from Philips and Toshiba, which can run to $450. The Mi Band 2 fitness-tracker costs $22, about a fifth the price of Fitbit Alta. A Xiaomi rice cooker. Photographer: Qilai Shen/Bloomberg The strategy is familiar enough: hook customers on an operating system—MIUI, a heavily customized version of Android–so they’ll stay loyal to the brand and keep buying more products. Liu De, who runs Xiaomi's new ecosystems products division, says the business will pull in 10 billion yuan ($1.5 billion) this year—splitting profits with Xiaomi's hardware partners—and double that in 2017. He accepts that this is a "very ambitious goal." Xiaomi badly needs a second act. A couple of years ago, the company was China's top smartphone seller and for a time the world's largest unicorn after Uber. But its dominance has proved fleeting because consumers have moved upmarket. "They want to get more premium phones and are willing to pay more," says Jessie Ding, a China market analyst at Canalys. "However, Xiaomi’s specs have not changed much over past two years." Meanwhile, competition from domestic phone makers has intensified, knocking Xiaomi into fourth place. The company is trying to claw its way back. Led by Vice President of Global Operations Hugo Barra, Xiaomi is pushing into other developing markets. India is a particular focus because, like China five years ago, most consumers want value for money, says Tarun Pathak, a market analyst at Counterpoint Research. But he says it won't be long before Indians, too, will want better phones. Later this month, Xiaomi will launch a premium smartphone with a screen that curves around the side like a Samsung Edge, according to people familiar with the plan. A smart watch is also expected to debut later this year. If the new phone doesn't jumpstart sales, Xiaomi's growth prospects may rest with Liu and his ecosystems division. To date, Liu says his team has invested in more than 60 startups, largely founded in the last three years, and remains a minority shareholder in most of them. Xiaomi also offers input on product design and marketing. "We target big markets, big demands," he says, explaining that the aim is to maintain a steady pace of innovation so consumers will want to replace or upgrade every few years. Chief among the startups is Huami, the fitness band maker, which was founded in 2014 by serial entrepreneur Wang Huang. It has raised money from Sequoia, Morningside Venture and Banyan Capital. Headquartered in Beijing, the company also has a Silicon Valley engineering office and more than 300 employees. In the U.S., it has launched the pricier Amazfit fitness tracker. It resembles a wristwatch adorned with a jade-pendant-like sensor–evoking traditional Chinese jade jewelry—while tracking steps and calculating calories burned. Huami declined to comment. Xiaomi speakers. Photographer: Qilai Shen/Bloomberg Most of the products in the Xiaomi ecosystem have a similar modern aesthetic, with simple colors, rounded edges and minimally fussy dials or buttons. Part of the sales strategy involves persuading consumers to buy things they don’t know they need. Unveiling the smart rice-cooker this spring in Beijing, Liu De displayed a chart with two colored lines indicating, respectively, optimal stickiness-sweetness and optimal texture-color; where they cross, he explained, is perfect rice. Customers using Xiaomi’s cooker can scan the bar code on rice packages to detect grain variety and other information, and select from literally thousands of combined heating options to cook peak rice. Xiaomi’s sleek white bathroom scale has an LED dial that's not visible until you step on the scale; it also uploads your weight to a smartphone app, allowing you to track weight gain or loss over time. "China is set to embrace a consumption boom over the next 10 to 20 years, we see that crystal clear," Liu says. "What Xiaomi aims to do is to feed these surging demands by introducing products with good quality at a relatively cheap price." The company's focus, he adds, is on consumers in China's second- and third-tier cities, especially those between ages 17 and 35. Clay Shirky, author of the 2015 book, Little Rice: Smartphones, Xiaomi, and the Chinese Dream and one of Xiaomi's most vocal admirers, is skeptical. "It's not clear that there’s a business-to-consumer model that works for the so-called Internet of Things," he says. "What do you want your fitness band to say to your rice cooker? Why does your television need to be in communication with your Segway? No one has gotten that right, not even Amazon." Exclusive insights in your inbox, from our technology reporters around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Business Your daily briefing on the most important business stories of the day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from the campaign trail. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets Your daily must-read for the most important news in markets. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Pursuits Travel with us, drive with us, eat with us – around the world. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan Advice nobody tells you about getting ahead at work, school and life. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter To date, Huami is the most obviously successful device company in which Xiaomi holds a minority stake. Huami's Mi is the top-selling fitness band in China, according to Canalys, and No. 2 globally after Fitbit. However, Ding says, supply-chain hiccups hurt Mi band shipments earlier this year and it will take time for Xiaomi to get its other startup partners shipping products reliably. What's more, they've yet to deliver many appealing hardware innovations, according to IDC analyst Jean Xiao. She says Xiaomi's drone didn't offer any more features that market leader DJI's model. "Then DJI lowered its price, so it was actually cheaper than Xiaomi." Don't count Xiaomi out, Liu says. The company isn't aiming to compete on the high-end with DJI or anyone else. "Our primary goal remains to serve the growing middle class in China." — With assistance by Christina Larson, and Yuan Gao Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Tech Meltdown Hits Fourth Day With Amazon Cut by $35 Billion Don't Complain That the Polls Were Wrong Mnuchin Said to Be Top Treasury Pick Among Trump’s Advisers World’s Biggest Real Estate Binge Is Coming to a City Near You Goldman Sees the Possibility of Stagflation Under Trump Presidency Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Time.com MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People American Voices Next Generation Leaders The Ensemble Effect Person of the Year 2015 Top of the World A Year In Space Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Tech MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition How to Solve the World’s Most Pressing Problem Carbon Dioxide Emissions Close to Flat for Third Straight Year, Report Says Paid Family Leave Could Be a Reality in Trump’s America Watch Drake Dance in Pink Fur in His Opulent New Music Video ‘Sneakin’ New Google Doodle Tips Hat to Sir Frederick Banting, Father of Diabetes Treatment Three Cows Have Been Marooned on Tiny Patch of Land in New Zealand Earthquake That Twist and 4 Other Things We Learned About Westworld Watch Peanut the Baby Panda Take Her First Adorably Clumsy Steps Our Digital Lives Are Spilling Into Our Real Lives Read Leonard Cohen’s Son’s Emotional ‘Thank You’ to His Father: ‘For the Wisdom he Dispensed’ TIME Tech Gadgets Apple Just Confirmed a Big Announcement for Oct. 27 Lisa Eadicicco @lisaeadicicco Oct. 19, 2016 SHARE Bloomberg—Bloomberg via Getty Images Attendees view the Apple Inc. Macbook laptop during the company's Spring Forward event in San Francisco, California, U.S., on Monday, March 9, 2015. New Macs may be coming soon Apple is holding a press event on Oct. 27 during which it’s largely expected to introduce new Mac computers. Apple’s invitation doesn’t provide specific details on what the event will entail. However, the tagline for the event, “Hello Again,” could be a reference to the unveiling of Apple’s original Macintosh. AppleApple Mac Event Invite Indeed, technology site Recode reported Tuesday that Apple plans to launch new Macs at the event. Earlier this summer, Bloomberg reported that a new MacBook Air with a USB Type-C port and a refreshed iMac with new graphics chips from AMD were on the horizon. Among the most popular rumors surrounding Apple’s next MacBook Pro holds that the function key row would be replaced by a touchscreen strip, with keys that change functionality depending on which app is being used. Apple is also said to be working on a dramatic change to the keyboard that could appear in future MacBook products, according to The Wall Street Journal. The company is said to be working on a keyboard that can change its characters using e-ink technology, but it’s not expected to debut until 2018. Tap to read full story Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Ideas Parents Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift TIME Shop Press Room Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Ad Choices Careers © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE TIME.COM! Dear TIME Reader, As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The TIME Team
Change Country United States United Kingdom Germany Featured Sections Video Fashion Beauty Living Health Entertainment Tech News Holiday Follow Us Video The Skinny Sh*tty Boyfriends Behind The Seams Style Out There The Walker Shatterbox Anthology All R29 Series Fashion Styling Tips Designers Street Style Trends Celebs & Influencers College Shopping Boutiques Beauty Hair Nails Makeup Skin Care Fragrance Celebs & Influencers Beauty Prep School Living Travel Home Food & Drinks Work & Money Weddings Health Trends Diet & Nutrition Fitness Sex Spirit Entertainment News TV Movies Books & Art Music Pop Culture Red Carpet Tech News Vote Your Values Election 2016 Culture People U.S. News World News Holiday Follow @refinery29 Refinery29 uk de Now Reading What To Expect From Apple Thursday Apple Has A Surprise Announcement — & It Could Be Major Madeline Buxton Last Updated October 25, 2016, 10:05 PM Photo: Courtesy Apple. It looks like the biggest rumor about the MacBook Pros could be true. According to Engadget, hidden images in the latest macOS Sierra update show the previously reported upper row of touchscreen keys. This row of keys, which is also being referred to as the "Magic Toolbar," could include the escape key, screen brightness controls, and volume controls (when applicable to what you're doing onscreen). This article was originally published on October 19, 2016. Advertisement In September, before the world heard about AirPods and saw the camera magic of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, we guessed that Apple might reveal new MacBook Pros. This didn't happen at that event, but Apple just sent out invites for an event next Thursday, October 27. According to a report from Recode, those shiny new laptops might be making an appearance. Reportedly, the MacBook update won't just be your usual spec bump of faster processors and memory. The MacBook Pro, in particular, may get a big update: a reimagined keyboard that could change typing as we know it. Back in August, Bloomberg reported that the next MacBook Pros could have a row of touchscreen keys — in true smartphone style — along the top of the keyboard. The keys that display on this row could change, depending on how you're using your laptop at that moment. For example, if you're listening to music, you'd probably see the volume and pause/play buttons. If you're editing photos in Photoshop, you'd see shortcuts for cropping or resizing, instead. There are also rumors that the MacBook Pro will have Touch ID built-in for extra security, like the iPhone. A customizable row of keys is, without a doubt, an exciting change. But what's more exciting is the supposed next evolution of this keyboard. The Wall Street Journal reports that as soon as 2018, we might see keyboards that don't prescribe to the standard QWERTY format. These new keyboards, using technology from Australian company Sonder Design, may use e-ink (the same thing behind the Kindle) and be completely customizable. With a touch of the screen, or key pad, you could have access to unlimited languages, emoji, and other symbols. 2018 sounds far off, but, fingers crossed, we'll get a glimpse at the dynamic technology at next week's event. But for anyone holding out hope that the death of the headphone jack is limited to the iPhone, you might want to prepare for disappointment ahead of time. Those who mourned the loss of the iPhone's headphone jack might want to prepare to bid it farewell on the MacBook Pro, too. Advertisement Originally Published on October 19, 2016, 8:50 PM Living • Tech Photo: Courtesy Apple. More from Tech 51 New Emoji Are Coming, Including Some Steamy Ones Tech Tanya Edwards 5 hours ago Mark Zuckerberg Promises To End Fake News On Facebook Tech Tanya Edwards 5 hours ago How To Watch Porn On Your Phone — The Right Way Tech Christina Bonnington Nov 12, 2016 These Women Are Dispelling "Women In Tech" Stereotypes Tech Christina Bonnington Sep 16, 2016 Relax, Your Friends Aren't Dead — It Was Just A Facebook Glitch Tech Madeline Buxton Nov 11, 2016 15 Dating App Hacks Every Right & Left Swiper Should Know Tech Bianca Heyward Nov 11, 2016 21 Essential Items For The Ultimate Netflix & Chill Weekend Tech Marshall Bright Nov 11, 2016 Here's How To Turn Off Those Pre-Election Hillary Social Media Posts Tech Michael Hafford Nov 11, 2016 Everything You Should Download Before Your Next Flight Tech Christina Bonnington Nov 10, 2016 8 Tips For Taking An Awesome Boomerang Tech Christina Bonnington Nov 10, 2016 How To Get More Out Of Your Wardrobe Without Spending $$ Spring Clean Life Christina Bonnington Nov 10, 2016 How To Travel Like A Pro Tech Madeline Buxton Nov 10, 2016 Maple Match Wants To Help Americans Find Love In Canada Tech Madeline Buxton Nov 10, 2016 13 Apps That Will Make Your Instagram Photos Look So Much Better Tech Madeline Buxton Nov 10, 2016 © 2016 Refinery29 Terms Privacy About Press Advertising Jobs Feedback R29 News Site Map RSS By using our service, you agree to our Terms (effective 5/13/2015) and Privacy (effective 8/23/2016). REFINERY29 name & logo and R29 logo are trademarks of Refinery 29 Inc.
Search (optional) LifestyleLifestyle Architecture Around The Home Children Collectibles Good Thinking Health & Wellbeing Holiday Destinations Outdoors Pets Remarkable People Sports Tiny Houses ScienceScience Biology Electronics Energy Environment Materials Medical Physics Quantum Computing Space TechnologyTechnology 3D Printing Computers Deals Digital Cameras Drones Games Home Entertainment Laptops Military Mobile Technology Music Robotics Smartwatches Telecommunications VR Wearables TransportTransport Aircraft Automotive Bicycles Marine Motorcycles Urban Transport Features Reviews Facebook Twitter RSS Flipboard New Atlas Mobile Technology Google Pixel XL vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Emily FerronOctober 20th, 2016 32 pictures Putting the Google Pixel XL toe-to-toe with the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge, the leading Android phabletView gallery - 32 images We've already compared the first Google-made phablet with its closest predecessor (Nexus 6P) and its Apple adversary (iPhone 7 Plus). How does Pixel XL measure up against its most formidable Android challenger, the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge? Size Pixel XL is almost 3-percent taller and 4-percent wider than the smaller, rounder Galaxy S7 edge. Weight As would be expected, the Pixel is heftier, too. It weighs in 11 grams heavier than the S7 edge. For some perspective, that's about the weight of one alkaline AAA battery. Build Samsung's S7 series phones have a standout build. Thanks to their completely rounded edges and streamlined aluminum frame, they almost feel as if they were completely made of glass. Google's flagships have a minimalist aluminum unibody with hits of gloss here and there. Not exactly tantalizing, but not offensive either. Colors Each phone has a trio of variants. Pixel XL brings black, silver and blue to the table; S7 edge goes black, silver and gold. Water resistance S7 edge has an industry-leading water resistance rating; it's safe in up to 1.5 meters of water for up to 30 minutes. Pixel XL has no such protection. Display size Samsung does a better job at packing in the screen space. Even though the Pixel is bigger, they both have the same roomy 5.5-inch display. Display resolution The two phones have identical Quad HD resolution and pixel density. Display type They also both use AMOLED over IPS displays, so you can expect saturated colors and true blacks. Pressure-sensitive display Neither touchscreen differentiates between a light touch and a harder press. So far, only Apple is taking advantage of pressure-sensitive displays in its 3D Touch feature. Curved display You may not be able to tell from front-facing photos, but the S7 edge's display actually wraps around the front edges of the phone. The curved display is a major contributor to the phone's unique look. Home button Pixel XL has an onscreen home button that takes up a sliver of space at the bottom of the display. S7 edge has a mechanical home button offscreen. Camera megapixels The pair has matching megapixels in the rear camera, but Pixel packs more into the front camera. Camera aperture (rear) S7 edge has a slightly larger camera aperture, an engineering decision meant to yield better quality low-light photography. Optical image stabilization Optical image stabilization, a prevalent feature in this year's flagships, didn't make it onto the Pixel. Dual-lens camera Dual-lens cameras are starting to pop up in a few smartphones, but not in these two. Battery The Samsung battery is 4-percent bigger, which is reflected in overall battery life. According to Google, Pixel XL gets up to 32 hours of talk time and up to 14 hours of internet use or video playback over Wi-Fi. By Samsung's count, the S7 edge should be good for up to 36 hours of talk time, 15 hours of internet, or 19 hours of video. Charging/data port Like many of this year's Androids, Pixel XL opts for the reversible USB-C port. S7 edge clings to an older microUSB charger. Fast charging You won't need to be plugged in all day. Both phones have fast charging features, where a few minutes worth of charging affords hours of power. Wireless charging The S7 edge can be wirelessly charged, but not the Pixel. Processor These two processors have matching clock speeds, but their manufacturer, Qualcomm, says the 821 offers a 10-percent performance increase over the 820. Outside of the US, China and Japan, S7 edge has an octa core Exynos 8990 chipset. RAM When it comes to RAM, both phones have a generous 4 gigabytes. Internal storage Pixel XL is offered in 32 or 128 gigabyte capacities. With the S7 edge, you can choose 32, 64, or 128 gigabytes. External storage As far as external storage goes, you're out of luck with the Pixel. The S7 edge is expandable up to 256 gigabytes via microSD. VR headset These two phones are the top competitors in mobile VR. Pixel XL is the premier pairing for Google Daydream, and now that the Note 7 is dead, the S7 edge is the best phone for using with the Gear VR headset. Headphone jack No need to scramble for an adapter; neither Google nor Samsung has axed this dedicated jack. Fingerprint sensor The fingerprint sensor is on the back of the Pixel. The S7 edge builds it into the home button. Mobile payments Samsung Pay is accepted in more places than Android Pay. Why? Samsung utilizes both NFC (near field communication) and magnetic secure transmission (MST), which mimics the swiping of an actual card. That means merchants don't need an NFC transponder to use it, like they do for Android Pay. Virtual assistant Pixel and Pixel XL are the first phones to have Google Assistant built-in. Google Assistant is the newest iteration of Google Now, and it's being billed as a smarter Siri. Samsung offers a voice-control feature called S-Voice and also supports Google Now. Operating system The Pixels are Google's first-born children, and as such they'll be first in line for all the latest and greatest software. Google guarantees the phones will receive all software updates for two years and all privacy updates for three years. Pixel XL launches with Android 7.1 Nougat. S7 edge is currently running Android Marshmallow with its Samsung TouchWiz interface on top. Samsung has promised a Nougat update, but has not given a specific timeline. Release The Pixels are brand new; the Galaxy 7 series has been around for most of the year. Samsung launches its flagships in the spring, so it may be tempting to wait a few more months to see if the next Galaxy generation is worth the wait. Starting price Expect to pay top dollar for these industry headliners. Samsung prices fluctuate depending on carrier and payment plan, but count on paying almost US$800 for the S7 edge. Opting for the Pixel XL instead will only save you about $21. From their essentials (processor, operating system, display) to their bells and whistles (VR compatibility, fast charging, camera), these two smartphones are neck-and-neck. We consider the Samsung's main strengths to be its good looks, water resistance, external storage and well-established Gear VR content. Pixel XL seems to have camera, operating system and virtual assistant advantages. For more, you can check out our full reviews of the Google Pixel XL and Galaxy S7 series. View gallery - 32 images New AtlasGoogle Pixel XL vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 1 / 32 Tags #Product Comparison #Samsung Galaxy S7 edge #Phone Comparisons #Smartphones #Google Pixel Share this article Show 1 comment Recomended for you Latest in Mobile Technology The HTC Bolt offers a big boost in data speeds – for a select few Google Pixel XL vs. OnePlus 3 2016 Smartphone Comparison Guide Oak dock puts augmented reality on the table Latest phone comparisons Google Pixel XL vs. OnePlus 3 2016 Smartphone Comparison Guide Google Pixel XL vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Google Pixel XL vs. Nexus 6P Search New Atlas Search (optional) Over 255,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address unused Gizmag is now New Atlas Switch to Desktop Site
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Great deal! The Pebble Time is on sale for just $80 Louis Ramirez Digital TrendsOctober 19, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Picking a new smartwatch can be daunting, but fortunately not every smartwatch requires a hefty down payment. At $80, the Pebble Time Smartwatch is not only $70 off, but also one of the better options available if you're tired of Apple and Android.More The Apple Watch may have the most developed smartwatch platform, but it costs an arm and a leg at $350+. Fortunately, the Apple Watch isn’t the only player in the market. If you’re curious about smartwatches, but don’t want to make a big financial commitment, Amazon currently offers the Pebble Time Smartwatch for $80, which is a $70 discount from its traditional $150 price tag. It’s not as good, but it’s still a decent smartwatch, and better than many others. For years, Pebble was the smartwatch company to beat. Its original monochrome smartwatch won the attention of many and subsequent updates managed to raise over $20 million on Kickstarter. Overtime, competition muffled Pebble’s rise, but its smartwatches were still praised by many. Compatible with Android and iOS, the Pebble Time Smartwatch lets you keep track of your day-to-day emails, calls, and more. Like most fitness watches, it can track and analyze your daily activity and sleeping patterns, sending you weekly reports so you know where improvement is needed. Design-wise, the Pebble Time has a geeky retro vibe going for it. According to Pebble, its Timeline UI was built to reduce clutter and give you quick access to the information they care about. Pebble’s user interface has been embraced by developers and though it may not be the premiere smartwatch OS, the Pebble App Store has plenty of watch faces and apps available for download, including apps from the likes of Uber, Runkeeper, and Pandora. The watch’s 1.25-inch color, epaper screen offers an easy-to-view timeline that’s visible even in bright daylight. While it may not be as bright as say an OLED display, the benefit to an epaper screen is that the watch’s face is always turned on without compromising battery life. More: Google is reportedly making two Android Wear smartwatches integrated with Assistant Pebble rates its Time smartwatch as having a seven-day battery life. It’s also water resistant to 30 meters, which means you can use it at the gym, in the pool, or during inclement weather without fear of ruining your watch. A built-in mic lets you fire out quick voice replies via text or email. Alternatively, you can use the mic to record memos or reminders. The Pebble Time Smartwatch isn’t for everyone, but if you want a respectable alternative to Apple and Android, this budget smartwatch won’t disappoint. $80 on Amazon $150 on Best Buy Check out 25 of the best Android Wear apps for your smartwatch Moto 360 smartwatch started out as a square prototype before rounding into shape Michael Kors’ new smartwatches are finally here, and they’re big Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech All the Photoshops of this photo of Donald Trump and Barack Obama are perfect BGR News The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
The all new CBS News App for Android® for iPad® for iPhone® Fully redesigned. Featuring CBSN, 24/7 live news. Get the App ╳ CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com Sign in with         CBSNews.com - Breaking News Video US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Photos More Blogs Battleground The WH Web Shows 60 Overtime Face to Face Resources Mobile Radio Local In Depth CBS News Store By Shara Tibken CNET October 19, 2016, 5:06 PM Apple's new Macs are almost here Apple CEO Tim Cook on stage during the iPhone 7 launch event on September 7, 2016 in San Francisco.  Stephen Lam/Getty Images Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Get ready for Apple event round two. Apple via CNET The company on Wednesday sent out invites for its second event in a little over a month, taking place October 27 at its headquarters in Cupertino, California. Its invitation said “Hello again” with an image of the Apple logo. Play Video CBS Evening News Apple on the rise after releasing newest iPhone The iPhone 7 went on sale Friday after selling out all of their inventory in presale orders. Apple expects to sell 226 million phones in the next... Apple didn’t host a second event last fall, instead opting to announce everything from phones to iPads at its September launch. This year, though, it used its first fall event on September 7 to focus on the iPhone 7 and Apple Watch Series 2. Missing from that launch was any mention of Apple’s Macintosh computers and its iPad tablets. It’s Apple’s computers that should get the most stage time at next week’s event. Apple’s Mac business might not be as big -- or as sexy -- as its mobile business, but it remains an important focus for Apple. The company generates less than 15 percent of its revenue from Macs, but the devices help flesh out its family of products, which are increasingly designed to work together. The company has updated its Macs every year, but most changes in the past few years have been tweaks more than huge innovations. Last year’s 12-inch MacBook update was the only completely new laptop design since the 2012 MacBook Pro. Rumors say this year’s Mac lineup could see a major overhaul. The new MacBook Pros will reportedly have an OLED touchscreen in place of function keys, can be unlocked with Touch ID and feature Thunderbolt 3 USB-C ports. The article originally appeared on CNET. © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc.. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in SciTech 25 years of breathtaking Hubble Telescope images Since it was launched in 1990, the Hubble Space Telescope has sent us breathtaking images back from the deepest corners of space 11 species threatened by climate change As the world warms, many plants and animals are struggling to adapt Popular Most Popular 01 Who's Winning the 2016 US Presidential Election - Live Results 4536463 views 02 Commentary: The unbearable smugness of the press 1444486 views 03 Hiker crosses paths with Hillary Clinton on Chappaqua trail 1077057 views 04 Presidential election results 2016: What time, how to watch and live stream online 1049004 views 05 President-elect Trump on immigrants he’ll deport 839185 views Play Video Comparing Trump's promises Play Video Trump team defends Bannon Play Video Obama's advice to Trump Play Video Trump conflicts Play Video Terror sentencing Previous Next 107 Photos Trump protests 48 Photos Warren Beatty 150 Photos Notable deaths in 2016 7 Photos Newspaper front pages tell story of shocking Trump win 33 Photos A crash course on Melania Trump Previous Next Most Discussed Who's Winning the 2016 US Presidential Election - Live Results President-elect Trump on immigrants he’ll deport In a stunner, Donald Trump wins the presidency Commentary: The unbearable smugness of the press Thousands protest Trump victory across nation New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
Menu Topics Biomedicine Business Computing Energy Mobile Robotics 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter Computing Major Opponent of Phone Encryption Still Expects Congress to Roll the Technology Back The top prosecutor in Manhattan thinks Washington will finally heed his call to make Apple resume opening devices to investigators. by Brian Bergstein October 19, 2016 Will the next president and Congress force Apple and Google to redesign their phones? For more than a year, the top prosecutor in Manhattan, Cyrus Vance Jr., has been warning that fully encrypted smartphones prevent police from carrying out search warrants, inhibiting investigations into such serious crimes as murder and sexual assault. Despite general support from President Obama and some sympathetic lawmakers, however, there appears to be no momentum for legislation that would do what Vance would like: force smartphone makers to go back to making data on phones accessible to investigators with warrants (see “What If Apple Is Wrong?”). But Vance said Wednesday at EmTech MIT 2016 in Cambridge, Massachusetts, that he is confident lawmakers will eventually realize that it makes little sense for smartphones to automatically obscure the kinds of evidence—notes, calendar entries, contacts, correspondence—that are available to investigators (and defense attorneys) if they are in physical form or on other digital platforms. Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. says the debate over smartphone encryption will heat up again. “By no means is this issue over and done with,” he said. “Were there to be some significant act that occurred that demonstrated there was communications in cell phones that we were not able to access but otherwise could have, I think that absolutely can have a galvanizing effect on Congress. And by the way, if something like that happens, I think the swinging of the pendulum may be much harder and faster back than it necessarily should be. And that’s why I think tech and government should sit down and, with the guidance of Congress, work this out.” For now, he argues, people may not fully grasp how the technology constrains local police, mainly because there is no centralized tally of how many unsolved cases could be affected by evidence trapped inside phones. And the most high-profile fight over this technology, when the FBI wanted access to an iPhone used by a mass shooter in San Bernardino, California, ended anticlimactically last winter when the bureau found a way to hack the phone. Before 2014—when Apple switched to full-disk encryption, in which the user’s passcode is the only key—the company routinely opened devices for investigators with search warrants. (That is still possible on many Android devices that do not employ the technology, and investigators can get into iPhones and iPads even today if they are told the passcode or can guess it.) Since Apple made the change, Vance says, his office has been unable to carry out search warrants on about 400 iPhones and iPads. Critics of Vance’s stance argue that investigators should focus on adapting to fully encrypted smartphones rather than trying to roll back the technology. They argue that investigators generally have many other ways of getting the evidence that exists on phones, including accessing it from unencrypted backups in the cloud. But Vance says those other avenues are not as fruitful as you might assume, largely because people don’t always back everything up. He said his office has resolved only about one-fourth of the 400 cases in which it has been unable to carry out search warrants for Apple devices. Is the social cost of those unsolved cases something we should accept, in exchange for the greater computer security we gain from having smartphones that even Apple itself can’t unlock? Vance insists that should still be up for debate: “How do we default that decision to a private company who’s interested principally in selling billions of phones?” Weren't able to make it to EmTech? We've got you covered. Read coverage Watch video From Our Advertisers In partnership with Dynatrace Emerging Trend Analysis: What is Digital Performance Management? In partnership with Google Analytics Data Analytics and Machine Learning: Driving Speed to Insight Sponsored by Lenovo Trend Roundup: Data Storage and the Cloud Tagged Apple, Google, smartphones, Encryption, EmTech 2016, MIT Technology Review Events, Cyrus Vance Credit Photograph by Justin Saglio Brian Bergstein Executive Editor I’m executive editor of MIT Technology Review. I’ve been a technology journalist for 15 years, reporting on the Web, computing, telecom, and the business of technology from Silicon Valley, New York, and Boston. Before I came to … More MIT Technology Review, I was the technology and media editor for the Associated Press. Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all five of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $2 per month. Insider Online Only $19.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. Computing From the latest smartphones to advances in quantum computing, the hardware behind today's digital age is rapidly changing. Big Data Game-Changer: Alibaba’s Double 11 Event Raises the Bar for Online Sales The ever-expanding Double 11 Global Online Shopping Festival showcases Alibaba’s innovations in key technology areas such as big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, and virtual reality. Machine-Learning Algorithm Can Show Whether State Secrets Are Properly Classified AI might be able to determine why information gets either classified or declassified in error. by Emerging Technology from the arXiv Consumer Insurance Can Save Shoppers from Floods of Fake Gadgets To boost sales and assuage fears about shoddy goods, Chinese e-tailers let consumers insure their online purchases. by Yiting Sun More from Computing The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe Become an Insider or Sign in for unlimited access  to online articles .
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Apple holding event on October 27 iOS Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | October 19, 2016 59 shares 56 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0               Apple fans, clear your schedule for next Thursday. Apple today sent out invites for an event on October 27. The invite shows a colorful Apple logo and includes the caption “hello again.” The event will be held on Apple’s campus in Cupertino, Calif. As usual, Apple hasn’t shed any light on what it plans to show at this event. Rumors have suggested that there will be updates to the Mac lineup, though. There haven’t been any mobile-centric rumors surrounding the event, so it’s possible that Apple is dedicated it to new Mac hardware. We’ll be sure to keep an eye on Apple’s event next week, and if there is any mobile news there, you can bet that we’ll share it with you. Source:  The Loop iOS Apple Previous ArticleiPhone 7 with Intel modem has worse cellular performance than Qualcomm modem, says new report Next ArticleiOS 10.1 beta 5 update now rolling out to developers and public testers Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts This is the year to consider affordable smartphones Android 7.1 Developer Preview now available for download Verizon says no 128GB Pixel XL in stores tomorrow Kodak Ektra is a new camera-centric Android phone with a 21-megapixel camera View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes: Unlimited Messages: 500 Data: Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 6 days 7 hours ago 7 shares 4 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 LeEco Le Pro3 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 3 days ago iPhone 7 Review: One Month Later! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 20 hours ago 10 shares 6 2 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 MacBook Pro (13-inch 2016) Unboxing! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 2 days ago 10 shares 6 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 19 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Huawei Nexus 6P 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 7 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG G5 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 Plus 1 Votes Apple iPhone 7 1 Votes HTC 10 19 Votes More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 12 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 3 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Huawei Nexus 6P Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG G5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T Stream Saver will AT&T's prepaid GoPhone AT&T boosts GoPhone data AT&T launches Cuba roaming and AT&T to begin offering cracked Two more replacement Galaxy Note AT&T reportedly thinking about Sprint News HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5 Sprint teaming up with Google to Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Sprint launches unlimited data HTC Bolt shown off in leaked Sprint and Best Buy are the latest LG V20 launching at Sprint on T-Mobile News Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge may Buy one T-Mobile Galaxy S7, get a T-Mobile SyncUp Drive launching T-Mobile announces Galaxy Note 7 Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 T-Mobile expands Google Pixel 7 weird and unique smartphone Verizon Wireless Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet shown Verizon launching two new prepaid Motorola and Indiegogo teaming up Verizon eliminates two of its Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Verizon says no 128GB Pixel XL in PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Apple: 90% Of “Apple” Power Accessories Sold On Amazon Are Fake Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Apple: 90% Of “Apple” Power Accessories Sold On Amazon Are Fake Image courtesy of Adam Fagen October 19, 2016 4:11 pm EST By Ashlee Kieler@akieler fighting the counterfeits apple amazon Mobile Star counterfeit products accessories lawsuit trademark patent infringements For years, Amazon and Apple have fought their own battles when it comes to counterfeit products: third-party retailers selling lookalike Apple accessories and companies hawking fake name-brand products on the e-commerce site. Now, the two issues have come together, with a lawsuit claiming that 90% of the supposed Apple power accessories listed on the site are fake.  The revelation came as Apple filed a trademark lawsuit against Mobile Star LLC, claiming the company sold counterfeit power products — like adapters and charging cables — on Amazon, Patently Apple reports. According to the lawsuit [PDF], Mobile Star illegally used Apple’s trademark to sell the products, which were not safety tested and posed risks to consumers. “Counterfeit power products, such as those supplied by Mobile Star, pose an immediate threat to consumer safety because, unlike genuine Apple products, they are not subjected to industry-standard consumer safety testing and are poorly constructed,” the suit states, noting that the fake products have the potential to overheat, catch fire, and deliver a deadly electric shock to customers. The company claims that Mobile Star, which uses Apple marketing materials and photos for the products sold on Amazon, deceives customers into believing they are receiving genuine Apple products, which are subjected to rigorous testing for safety and reliability. “When consumers encounter [Apple’s trademarks] and decide to purchase goods and services identified by these marks, they expect to receive genuine Apple products that have been produced by Apple,” the suit states. However, that’s not the case for many of the accessories sold on Amazon — including those from Mobile Star — the lawsuit claims. Apple brought the lawsuit against Mobile Star after purchasing more than 100 iPhone devices, power products, and lightning cables from Amazon over the past nine months, finding that 90% were fake. Most of those products, Apple says, were purchased directly from Amazon, not third-party sellers. To that end, Amazon notified Apple that the products it sold were supplied by Mobile Star, which also supplied similar accessories for sites like Groupon. Amazon.com turned over to Apple additional inventory of the power products purchased from Mobile Star, and Apple determined that the vast majority of these products were fake, Patently Apple reports. Apple contends that, because of Amazon’s reputation and Mobile Star’s use of Apple marketing images, customers likely have little reason to suspect the accessories sold on the site are anything but genuine. Still, Apple points to several customer reviews on Amazon’s site that claim the accessories overheat, smolder, and in some cases catch fire. In one case, cited in the lawsuit, a customer says that “after a few hours of use on the very first day, the charger literally caught on fire.” Apple says in the lawsuit that its efforts to combat counterfeit products sold on Amazon are ongoing: the company identified and reports many thousands of listing for counterfeit or infringing Apple to Amazon under its notice and takedown procedures. “Apple is concerned that consumers are being deceived into purchasing counterfeit products on Amazon.com and elsewhere in the mistaken belief that they are purchasing genuine Apple products,” the suit states. With the lawsuit, Apple is asking a court to bar Mobile Star from infringing on its trademarks and copyrights, require the company to forfeit and destroy all counterfeit products, and award the Apple unspecified damages. A spokesperson for Apple tells Consumerist that the company has a “zero tolerance for the sale of counterfeits on our site.  We work closely with manufacturers and brands, and pursue wrongdoers aggressively.” Want more stories from Consumerist? We’re a non-profit! You can get more stories like this in our twice weekly ad-free newsletter! Click here to sign up. Apple Sues Mobile Star for Selling Counterfeit Power Adapters and Charging Cables through Amazon [Patently Apple] [H/T Business Insider] October 19, 2016 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler fighting the counterfeits apple amazon Mobile Star counterfeit products accessories lawsuit trademark patent infringements Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related fun and games Here’s A Fun Game: Spot The Counterfeit Canon Power Accessories! Five-Star Lawsuit Amazon Files First Lawsuit To Block Companies From Selling Fraudulent Positive Reviews A counterfeiting problem? 5 Things You Should Know About Amazon’s Issues With Counterfeits fakeout takeout U.S. Customs Officials Seize More Than 16,000 Counterfeit Hoverboards In Chicago hot toys Look Out For Counterfeit Rainbow Looms, Which Are A Thing Previous Google Starts Shaping Up “Unplugged,” Its YouTube-Based Pay-TV Service Next Airbnb Tries More Self-Regulation In New York, Too Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Airbnb Tries More Self-Regulation In New York, Too Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Pocket-lint Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR News Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Apple sends out invites to 27 October event likely for new MacBook Pro Elyse Betters19 October 2016Laptops Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment It's official: Apple is holding another event this autumn. Nearly two months after unveiling the latest iPhone models, the Cupertino, CA-based company has invited the media to an event on 27 October. The tagline on the invite, "hello again," is an obvious nod to the Mac, as Apple originally introduced the product with the word "hello" in 1984. Several reports have also previously claimed that Apple plans to introduce a new MacBook Pro soon. Apple The laptop line hasn't been given a significant upgrade since 2012. In recent years, it's only added a Retina display, Force Touch trackpad, and some improved specs. An entire overhaul has been rumoured for some time. The new MacBook Pro is rumoured to be slimmer with a flatter keyboard featuring an OLED strip. This strip, which replaces the standard function keys, will reportedly be dubbed the "Dynamic Function Row". You can read more about this upcoming MacBook Pro update in Pocket-lint's rumour round-up here. Keep in mind Bloomberg claimed in August that Apple is also readying a iMac desktop, new MacBook Air, and new standalone 5K display. Also, the last event Apple held in October was in 2014, when the company revealed the iPad Air 2, the latest iMac, and shared details on the OS X Yosemite. Apple will live-stream its event at 10 am PST on 27 October. Stay tuned to Pocket-lint's Apple hub for the latest news. Sections Apple Laptops Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Dell Stack would combine all Windows 10 computing experiences into one mobile... Apple sale offers all USB-C adapters at discount, stock up now for new MacBook... Lenovo Yoga Book review: A keyless laptop from the future... that's stuck in... Popular In Laptops On Pocket-lint Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Dell Stack would combine all Windows 10 computing experiences into one mobile device Apple sale offers all USB-C adapters at discount, stock up now for new MacBook Pro Lenovo Yoga Book review: A keyless laptop from the future... that's stuck in the past Dell made its own Surface Studio-like PC with dual screens and a Dial Best laptop replacement tablets 2016: The best 2-in-1 devices available to buy now Which Apple MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? Thunderbolt 3 explained: The one port to rule them all Windows 10 Creators Update: 6 new features Microsoft didn't announce Microsoft Surface Book vs Apple MacBook Pro (2016): What's the difference? Can't buy a NES Classic Mini? How to build your own retro console for just £50 Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Best Black Friday UK TV deals: 4K, HDR, OLED TVs and more Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals Best Black Friday 2016 UK camera deals: DSLR, compact and system camera bargains Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Amazon Music Unlimited explained: Price, devices and how to get it Amazon Music Unlimited or Spotify: Which is best for you? Best Black Friday UK fitness tracker deals: Garmin, Fitbit, Polar and more That Lumee light-up case Kim K uses has been updated to Lumee Two Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Apple's Big MacBook Event Is Coming October 27 subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER INNOVATION INSIGHTS Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 9 hours There's a metaphor somewhere in the life of a dung beetle: bit.ly/2gaeptX Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1 . Caption: Apple Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: David Pierce. David Pierce Gear Date of Publication: 10.19.16. 10.19.16 Time of Publication: 4:43 pm. 4:43 pm Apple’s Big MacBook Event Is Coming October 27 Apple New iPhone: check. New bigger iPhone: check. New Watch: check. New headphones with no cable that make you look like you jammed electric toothbrush heads in your ears: check. So what’s left for Apple to announce? Laptops and desktops. It’s been years, literally years, since Apple meaningfully upgraded its line of MacBooks Pro and Air, the Mac Mini, or the trash can called Mac Pro. Luckily, that appears to be about to change. Apple just sent out invites for an event on October 27th, on the company’s campus in Cupertino, and all signs point to a PC-heavy morning. Bloomberg reported recently that a thinner, faster MacBook Pro will be the star of the show. More strangely, the new laptop might have a secondary display above the keyboard that shows you dynamic function keys relevant to whatever app you’re using. In addition, we expect to see a new MacBook Air with a USB-C port, and potentially a new iMac. It won’t be Apple’s splashiest event of the year, which is probably why it’s at the company’s small on-campus event center rather than in the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium, a literal rock concert venue. But for the millions of people who work on laptops and desktops every day, and are tired of using computers that haven’t really been touched since 2012, it’s going to be a big day nonetheless. If you’re in the market for a computer right now, you might want to wait a week. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. apple laptops Mac MacBook Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode TV John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode 5 hours Review: Apple MacBook Pro With Touch Bar product review Review: Apple MacBook Pro With Touch Bar 12 hours These Are the 6 Albums You Must Listen to Now Music These Are the 6 Albums You Must Listen to Now 13 hours My Insane Adventure to Buy Snap’s New Spectacles social media My Insane Adventure to Buy Snap’s New Spectacles 7 hours The Former Top Gear Guys Show Us the Last Things on Their Phones TV The Former Top Gear Guys Show Us the Last Things on Their Phones 9 hours Dave Chappelle’s Towering Monologue on SNL Gave Us the Catharsis We Needed TV Dave Chappelle’s Towering Monologue on SNL Gave Us the Catharsis We Needed 2 days Hack Brief: 412M Accounts Breached on FriendFinder Sex Sites Hack Brief Hack Brief: 412M Accounts Breached on FriendFinder Sex Sites 8 hours IBM Is Using Tiny Tubes to Grow the Chips of the Future Chips IBM Is Using Tiny Tubes to Grow the Chips of the Future 13 hours More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Gear social media My Insane Adventure to Buy Snap’s New Spectacles 7 hours product review Review: Apple MacBook Pro With Touch Bar 12 hours video Drone Off! GoPro Karma and DJI Mavic Pro Fly Head-to-Head 11.02.16 product review Review: Panasonic Lumix GX85 2 days product review Review: Meizu M3 Note 3 days TV John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode 5 hours We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 9 hours There's a metaphor somewhere in the life of a dung beetle: bit.ly/2gaeptX Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 9 hours There's a metaphor somewhere in the life of a dung beetle: bit.ly/2gaeptX Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Apple sends out invites for October 27 Mac event Apple is expected to announce new MacBooks at the Apple campus in Cupertino. By Jason Cipriani | October 19, 2016 -- 20:20 GMT (13:20 PDT) | Topic: Apple Apple "Hello Again" special event invite. (Screenshot: Jason Cipriani/CNET) The wait for new MacBooks is almost over. Apple on Wednesday sent press invites for a special event on Oct. 27 at its campus in Cupertino, Calif. one opinion Has Apple given up on the Mac? In the PC business, Microsoft is wearing the innovation crown these days. Read More A cryptic "hello again" is the only text found on the invite, part of which is a likely nod to the Macintosh's "Hello" commercial. The inside of the Apple logo on the invite is full of various colors in powder form. Take that to mean what you will. Apple is widely expected to unveil new MacBook Pros, with USB-C ports and a touch-sensitive LED bar above the keyboard that alters its appearance based on the program a user is using. For example, when using iTunes, the bar would show media and volume controls, where as in a photo-editing program, it could potentially show tool shortcuts or commands. Rumors have also included the addition of Touch ID fingerprint sensor to the MacBook Pro, aiding in security and Apple Pay in Safari. Also expected at the event are refreshed MacBook Air laptops. The changes for the Air line aren't expected to be as dramatic as the Pro but potentially include USB-C ports, a Touch ID sensor, and a Force-Touch trackpad. ZDNet's Adrian Kingsley-Hughes has an in-depth rumor breakdown, detailing what to expect and not expect at next week's event. The event is scheduled to start at 10 am PT/1 pm ET and will be live-streamed by Apple. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Banking Apple Pay now available to CUA customers Mobility Apple considering smart glasses as it looks to push wearables: Report Mobility Apple Pay now supports donations to select nonprofits Developer Microsoft to deliver Visual Studio for Mac × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance

2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Switch Apple sends out invites for Oct. 27 event The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Hayley Tsukayama October 19 Follow @htsuka (Apple email invitation) Prepare for another Apple event. The company on Wednesday sent invitations to the media, asking them to gather at Apple headquarters in Cupertino, Calif., for a product launch event. Apple is widely expected to introduce a batch of laptops at the event — an area of the company's product lineup that has gone without a major refresh for quite a while. Apple hasn't updated its Retina MacBook Pro or MacBook Air in more than a year; the company did offer a refresh of its MacBook in April. The standard MacBook Pro hasn't had an update in four years. As a result of the long gap, many Apple experts have advised putting off Mac laptop purchases in anticipation of the new models. The timing of the event puts Apple in the sweet spot for the holiday season, when it can feature computers running the latest version of its desktop operating system, MacOS Sierra. The new system has a lot of new features, but chief among them is the addition of Siri. Rumors have been flying for some time about what Apple might have planned for its laptops. In May, reliable Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo and 9 to 5 Mac both reported that Apple could be adding a row of touch-screen keys to the top of the keyboard — replacing the "function" keys. Other rumors include the suspicion that Apple will add Touch ID to its laptops, and that the firm will add USB-C to all of its laptop models. business technology the-switch true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post. Follow @htsuka Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 A new theory for why Trump voters are so angry — that actually makes sense 2 Why these rural, white, gun-owning guys didn’t vote for Trump 3 Donald Trump is about to face a rude awakening over Obamacare 4 Researchers have found a surprisingly powerful effect of sleeping more 5 Trump taps climate-change skeptic to oversee EPA transition Market Watch DJIA 0.01% NASDAQ -0.65% Get quote Last Update: 11:09 AM 11/14/2016(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game business technology the-switch Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing More from The Post
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Western Digital unveils new My Passport and My Book drives worthy of your gear and memories By TechnoBuffalo | October 19, 2016 Front Page /Accessories By TechnoBuffalo | October 19, 2016 Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Share Western Digital recently unveiled newly designed My Passport and My Book drives. The popular drives went through extensive research and development to get the right design that meets the needs and wants of customers. Western Digital went to great lengths to design this new generation of devices. The design team traveled the world to better understand how users create and manage content. It partnered with award-winning design and brand firm fuseproject to bring this design to life. Now finally users have hard drives that look as beautiful as their favorite gear. My Passport drives have been a long trusted and loved storage solution for users on the go. I know, I’ve gone through many drives but I keep going back to the trusty My Passport line of hard drives. The new design featured a textured bottom with a waistband center. They look sleek and come in six colors: black, yellow, red, white, orange and blue. While the My Passport is great for users on the go, it may not cut it if you’re like our video team and you need a heftier backup plan for tons of content, you may want to opt for the newly designed My Book. Available in storage capacity up to 8TB. Similarly designed with the textured bottom half, it looks worthy of sitting on your desktop or workstation. My Passport and My Book drives have built-in password protection with hardware encryption and also includes WD Backup software for automatic backups, though for Mac users My Passport for Mac will be formatted for Mac OS and be ready for Time Machine. So you really don’t have to worry about having to manually back up any files, just let the drives do all the work for you. Check out the My Passport and My Book drives for yourself at www.wd.com. This post is sponsored by Western Digital. All thoughts and opinions are 100% my own. Topics #my book #my passport #western digital TechnoBuffalo … Read More Related Stories Gallery Accessories Anker PowereHouse giveaway: 120,000mAh of portable power! By Brandon Russell | November 14, 2016 Earlier this year, we showed you the Anker PowerHouse, a device that packs a massive 120,000mAh battery. (No, that’s not a typo.) Now, we’re giving one away—along with some other Anker swag. Consider this the ultimate Anker Giveaway Extraordinaire Deluxe… Read More Share Tweet Share Share Share Deals Accessories Music in even the most extreme situations: get the G-TUBE Adventure Ready Bluetooth Speaker for $31.99 By Danny Zepeda | November 14, 2016 Bluetooth speakers are a must-have but the best of the best can handle any situation. The G-TUBE Adventure Ready Bluetooth speaker is all about getting down and dirty — and as one of our Black Friday doorbusters in the TechnoBuffalo… Read More Share Tweet Share Share Share Deals Accessories|Gadgets Get your hands on the legendary Razer Diamondback Collector’s Edition Mouse – now 40% off By Danny Zepeda | November 11, 2016 Professional gaming is all about pinpoint precision and accuracy, so it only makes sense for gamers to invest in the tool they need to control their game. For all you computer gamers, TechnoBuffalo is offering the best-selling Razer Diamondback Collector’s… Read More Share Tweet Share Share Share Featured Gallery Accessories|Social Networking Spectacles are here! Check out if Snapchat’s glasses are worth the hype By Danny Zepeda | November 10, 2016 Back in September, Snapchat introduced a set of eyewear called Spectacles that would take video to a new level. Following in the failed attempt of Google Glass, Snapchat’s take on glasses bring its own quirky features and possibly some of the same problems. To… Read More Share Tweet Share Share Share Accessories PNY microSD and SD cards marked down as much 50% today only on Amazon By Sean P. Aune | November 8, 2016 If you’re in the need of a new microSD or SD card, then you need to head over to Amazon today. Amazon is running a one-day sale on PNY flash drives, microSD cards and SD cards. Some of the products… Read More Share Tweet Share Share Share Deals Accessories|Headphones / Headsets You’ll forget you’re even wearing these wire-free earbuds By Danny Zepeda | November 8, 2016 These are not your father’s earbuds. In fact, the Almond Audio Wire-Free Stereo earbuds (now just $69.99, 46% off in the TechnoBuffalo Deals Store) aren’t even your older brother’s earbuds…because earbud technology is moving so fast that these tiny wireless… Read More Share Tweet Share Share Share Gallery Accessories Apple slashes price of USB-C adapters amid backlash By Danny Zepeda | November 4, 2016 It looks like Apple is listening to its users after all. Just over a week after announcing its new MacBook Pro, Apple has succumbed to the backlash from users and cut prices of its USB-C dongles and even its new 5K… Read More Share Tweet Share Share Share Deals Accessories Meet the all-in-one cable capable of charging your micro-USB and Lightning devices alike By Danny Zepeda | November 4, 2016 It’s always a happy day when you run across a product you never realized you desperately needed. Case in point — the Just Mobile AluCable Duo. This versatile cable doesn’t care if you need to charge an iPad or an… Read More Share Tweet Share Share Share Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use More Related Stories Load More Articles
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 19 AAPL: 117.12 -0.35 Comment: Apple Pay is available at more places than ever, but key opportunities remain Zac Hall - 4 weeks ago @apollozac Apple Pay View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit I absolutely love using Apple Pay to checkout in stores. Swiping a debit or credit card isn’t too inconvenient but it’s not the most secure way to pay, and new chip terminals in the US are frustratingly slow and unreliable. I use Apple Pay from my Apple Watch whenever possible, and I’m a serious advocate for the payment service among my family and friends with iPhones. Two years since first launching in the US, Apple Pay is an option at lots of payment terminals all across the country, but you still can’t assume contactless payments like Apple Pay will be supported. It’s still necessary to carry your debit or credit card (or cash) just in case. So we’ve looked at the biggest categories of businesses that still aren’t ready for contactless payments in the US and reached out to a few of the biggest holdouts to ask why they’re still resisting. We’ve also looked at some of the categories that people still want supported to see how things are progressing. When Apple Pay launched in October 2014, there were about eight bank partners and 220,000 terminals ready in the US. Now Apple Pay is supported by hundreds of banks and in February over 2 million businesses were accepting contactless payments. Apple Pay has also expanded to 10 additional markets outside of the United States with more coming soon. Two years ago, I could use Apple Pay at my local McDonalds, Walgreens, Subway, and a local drug store. Apple Pay was easier to use in large cities with more stores than small towns with a handful of businesses. Now I can use Apple Pay at plenty of local businesses thanks to the adoption of contactless payment terminals. Now places where I regularly shop like Best Buy, Khols, Nike, American Eagle, Starbucks, Ulta for my wife, one of the two nearby movie theaters, Chick-Fil-A and plenty more officially support Apple Pay, so my usage has increased. Walgreens even lets you use their loyalty card with Apple Pay; the cashiers are usually grateful that they don’t have to scan yours or ask you to type in your phone number. A local ice cream shop in my town that uses Square recently upgraded to the new contactless reader which enables Apple Pay support, and my local grocery store (a two store chain called Jerry Lees) knows about and accepts Apple Pay. I wrote about the awkwardness of Apple Pay sometimes failing two years ago; when the cashier at my local grocery store actually suggested I pay with my watch that stigma was broken for me. Some people are still impressed which is fun, but for a lot of people it’s just the new normal which is even better. I jokingly tweeted a few weeks ago that Apple Pay has officially gone mainstream when I noticed the place where I get my haircut taping a sign about not accepting Apple Pay on their terminal. Clearly enough people asked and expected to use Apple Pay that a sign was necessary. Apple Pay is also available at almost all places with the contactless payment logo even if there isn’t specifically signage for Apple Pay. The EMV contactless symbol looks like four waves, a small square, a hand, and an oval. When you see this, it means you can probably use Apple Pay (although a few places like CVS manually disable Apple Pay). You can also find Apple Pay in iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch apps and even on the web from iPhone, iPad, and Mac on a growing number of websites. Apple Pay is in a lot more stores today than two years ago, but you still can’t totally replace your debit or credit card with it. Apple regularly works with banks and credit unions across the country to add Apple Pay support and now nearly all banks are supported. But readers often tell us that they want to hear about new businesses accepting Apple Pay too. Flipping that switch is a much bigger task for businesses — it involves replacing payment terminals for one — but some businesses have contactless-ready terminals and block Apple Pay or have chip reader terminals that don’t work with contactless payments. I posed this question on Twitter yesterday: What are the top three places where you’d want to see Apple Pay accepted if you could flip a switch? The responses were very helpful in understanding where the biggest opportunities for Apple Pay adoption exist. The first four were the most popular responses by far with the other results getting a mention or two: Regional grocery store chains Target Walmart Gas stations at the pump Local shops Laundry machines Bus fare Restaurants (split billing, tips, kiosks on tablets, all sit down restaurants) Doctor’s offices CVS In-N-Out Burger Parking meters ATMs Vending machines At least one person responded to say that they’re still waiting for their US bank to support Apple Pay, and people in Spain and Germany said they just want support in their countries. Several people in Canada responded to say the question didn’t really apply to them because Apple Pay is generally accepted everything. I agree with all of the responses above plus the people who said generally anywhere cash is accepted or where credit card readers are available. Solutions like Square’s contactless card reader (and competitors) help make that possible for almost any business. I would also add drive-thrus to the list: plenty of Apple Pay fast food chains don’t properly support drive-thru windows. Let’s look at a few items on the list starting with gas stations. Chevron has said it is planning to accept Apple Pay at the pump but I can report that this hasn’t extended to my neck of the woods yet. Texaco under Chevron is also listed as an Apple Pay partner, but my suspicion is that some of these terminals are found inside and not at the pump. Paying for gas with a card is more convenient for filling up since you don’t know how much to pay ahead of time, and going inside is only really necessary with cash. The only way I’ve been able to Apple Pay for gas in my area is with the Exxon Mobil Speedpass+ app. It’s a bit of a hack: you Apple Pay in the app then fuel up rather than wave your iPhone or Apple Watch by a terminal but it works. It’s just not worth driving out of your way for if you don’t live near a station. Sit down restaurants can accept Apple Pay, which is way more ideal than handing a stranger your debit or credit card to walk away with and swipe. But this is currently limited to select OpenTable restaurants in certain regions. The current list of regions is longer than two years ago but only includes specific restaurants in Seattle, Chicago, San Francisco, Denver, Los Angeles, New England, New York, Washington DC, Las Vegas, Portland, Houston, Philadelphia, New Orleans, Miami, Baltimore, Dallas, Salt Lake City, Nashville, Detroit, Louisville, Minneapolis, and Central Coast (California). I’m an Apple Pay advocate and dine out often but I’ve never been to one of these restaurants by chance. It’s possible for vending machines and ATMs to work with Apple Pay. Chase and Bank of America already have Apple Pay ATMs that let you withdraw cash with your iPhone or Apple Watch rather than your debit card. (I’ve never seen one personally except on Twitter.) We heard about Apple Pay vending machines and parking spots two years ago but it’s clear replacing hardware takes a while. I’ve seen Coke vending machines with contactless payments and their loyalty card works with Apple Pay. Doctor’s offices are also a great suggestion. Medical billing for me usually involves passing back a credit card over the counter, but I’m sure there are some offices that accept Apple Pay. I’d love an office that accepts Apple Pay and shares medical records for importing into the Health app. Target topped our list for specific businesses, only second to generic regional grocery stores, and it’s a curious case. Target has accepted Apple Pay in its app since day one and accepts chip debit and credit cards in stores, but Apple Pay is not an option when shopping in person. Their CEO expressed interest before the 2015 holiday season, but there hasn’t been any news since then. We’ve reached out for a current comment and will update if we hear back. CVS has the contactless payment hardware in place but goes out-of-the-way to not accept Apple Pay. This was initially because of CurrentC, a competing mobile payment service that fizzled out before launch, and now has more to do with CVS Pay. 9to5Mac asked CVS about the current state of Apple Pay at their stores and received this statement: We currently do not offer Apple Pay. Today we announced the rollout of our CVS Pay solution chainwide and right now we focused on creating the best customer shopping experience and building loyalty within our own Mobile App. With CVS Pay, our customers get more than just payment functionality: they get a convenient and integrated experience that simplifies the entire checkout experience, from picking up their prescription to earning ExtraCare deals.  We will continue to evaluate all potential Mobile Payment solutions that would be able to provide a great shopping experience for our customers. Walmart doesn’t actively block Apple Pay but similarly provides their own mobile payment service that requires an app, Walmart Pay. When asked about supporting Apple Pay in stores, Walmart replied that they are open to a solution that could work similar to Exxon Mobile Speedpass+ but not straight forward Apple Pay: We made a strategic decision to design Walmart Pay to work with almost any smartphone and accept almost any payment type – even allowing for the integration of other mobile wallets in the future. We are currently evaluating several mobile wallets we could potentially integrate into Walmart Pay in the future. The thing for me is this: my local grocery store may have higher prices than Walmart (I’m not comparing but this is probably true), but I’ll go to my grocery store over Walmart whenever possible just to use Apple Pay. The same is true for Walgreens or Rite-Aid over CVS. Hopefully when we revisit this topic in another year, the list continues to shrink even more. I’ll wrap up with a few resources for businesses that don’t accept Apple Pay yet but would consider it. Square Contactless is an affordable card reader that works with Apple Pay, Android Pay, and chip cards and financing options are available to make deploying easier. I did a quick hands-on demo earlier this year to try it in action. I’ve since seen it used in at least two local businesses. Apple also has resources for businesses and Apple Pay: About Apple Pay for merchants Apple Pay glass and register decals Apple Pay feedback for merchants, developers, and customers Add Apple Pay to your Maps listing Finally, if you’re looking for more places to use Apple Pay, my recommendation is first look for the contactless symbol or Apple Pay logo, or just ask if Apple Pay is available. Apple also has a website (apple.com/apple-pay/where-to-use/) that lists specific partners, and you can search Apple Maps for businesses that accept Apple Pay by looking at their business listing. The local ice cream shop I mentioned that uses Square now lists ‘Accepts Apple Pay’ on their listing (and you can use Report an Issue on the listing to tell Apple about businesses that should have it added). Guides Apple Pay Apple Pay is Apple's mobile payments solution first introduced in 2014. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
null
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 19 AAPL: 117.12 -0.35 Apple’s expected Mac event on October 27 is official: ‘hello again’ Zac Hall - 4 weeks ago @apollozac Mac View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple is making it official: the company will hold a major product unveiling on October 27 where new Macs are expected to debut. The event will take place on Apple’s campus, likely marking the last one before Apple Campus 2 is open for business. The event is somewhat of a surprise as Apple opted not to hold two fall events last year and all signs pointed to the iPhone 7 event last month being the last before Apple moves into its new campus next year. Mac hardware is due for a refresh, however, and recent reports have insisted Apple is planning to unveil its new computing hardware in October. Recode first reported the date for the event before it went official. As for what we expect, the whole Mac lineup is due for a refresh aside from the 12-inch Retina MacBook which saw its second version earlier this year. That includes MacBook Airs if the line moves forward, MacBook Pros which are expected to get a significant redesign, iMac desktops, Mac mini desktops, and Mac Pro desktops. While some Macs are older than others, not all Macs are expected to be refreshed or overhauled at the upcoming event. Mac minis and Mac Pros for example will likely not see a change although it’s possible considering how long the current models have been available (especially in the case of the Mac Pro). Apple may also introduce a new monitor solution after discontinuing its Thunderbolt Display earlier this year. Mac users have wanted a standalone Retina display like that of the iMac desktop line. Apple’s recent standalone displays have featured 27-inch monitors which would suggest a 5K screen that could be quite pricey. Apple’s AirPort networking hardware could also see a refresh based on shelf life. Read 9to5Mac‘s full roundup of what to expect at Apple’s October 27 event here and tell us what you plan to purchase here. Apple is also set to reveal their latest quarterly earnings results two days before the event. Apple Mac invites are out! Next Thursday will be my MacBook Air’s last day trip to Cupertino FOREVER! pic.twitter.com/w0T5YxswMC — Joanna Stern (@JoannaStern) October 19, 2016 Guides Mac View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X BREAKING:  Asia shares mixed, ASX down 0.7%, Nikkei slips 0.2%, Kospi up 0.1% × × × Technology Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market It's official: Apple sends invites for Oct. 27 event; new Mac expected Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan Wednesday, 19 Oct 2016 | 4:36 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Zhang Peng | LightRocket | Getty Images MacBooks on sale in an Apple store. Apple will hold a special event at its campus on October 27, where reports have indicated new Macs might be revealed. "Hello again," reads an invitation for the event sent to CNBC. Recode reported on Tuesday that new Macs will launch at the event. The event builds on widespread rumors that Apple has a line of new Macs in the works, which may include a row of custom touchscreen keys. Bloomberg's Mark Gurman reports that the big news will be an updated MacBook Pro, which will include a thinner case, larger trackpad, and faster graphics card. A new iMac and MacBook Air have also been in development, Gurman reports. Apple recently released a new Mac operating system, MacOS Sierra, that integrates voice-activated assistant Siri. The invitation for the Oct. 27 event calls back to the 1998 launch event of the new iMac, where the the screen lit up with the words "Hello (again.)" Prior Macintosh launches featured the computer speaking to an audience, saying "Hello, I'm Macintosh." Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AAPL --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
News and Press Release Distribution, Since 1995 Deliver Your News to the World Sign In Create a Free Account Home News How We Work Compare Services FAQ All WebPost WebPost PPC WebRelease Targeted Media Wire Service Moov Launches New Wearable to Power You Through the Most Intense Workout Ever, Guided by its AI Voice Coach and Sensor-Based Sweatband and Swim Cap Ex-Apple engineer behind Moov launches first wearable that coaches you through HIIT workouts based on heart rate; raises $12 Million to expand its suite of AI powered wearable coaches San Mateo, CA – WEBWIRE – Wednesday, October 19, 2016 Forty minutes at the gym might feel like a sufficient workout, but unless youre pushing through every squat, burpee and sprint within your target heart rate zone, youre doing it all wrong. Thats why Moov, the company that introduced AI-powered voice coaching, is launching the first wearable that guides you through a variety of calorie-torching, high intensity workouts based on heart rate with Moov HR. Designed to be worn on the head as either a sweatband (Moov HR Sweat) or swim cap (Moov HR Swim), Moov HR is a tiny, lightweight sensor that monitors heart rate with the utmost accuracy to optimize every workout. While they might be all the rage, wrist-worn heart rate monitors are prone to false reads due to muscle constriction, sweat, and even light. Developed by ex-Apple and Microsoft engineers, Moov HRs PulseVision technology uses LED lights and optical sensors to measure blood density around the temples (tested at University of California, San Franciscos Human Performance Center against EKG machines), which determines heart rate with ultra-fine precision. From there, Moovs real-time audio feedback coaches you through a variety of HIIT workouts within your target heart rate zone -- or the upper limit of what your cardiovascular system can handle during physical activity -- so that you can burn more calories in less time, and melt fat long after your workout is complete. Accuracy is critical for efficient training based on heart rate zone, and too many wearables that claim to measure heart rate give false reads. If youre basing your workouts on the wrong HR data, youre probably over or under training, said Moovs co-founder and CEO, Meng Li. After extensive research and testing, weve determined that the best location for accurate pulse reading is the head. Thats why weve developed technology around these findings, so that anyone, regardless of their fitness level or goals, can get the most out of every workout for a fraction of the cost of other wearables and gyms. See how Moov HR coaches you through workouts based on heart rate by watching the video here: http://bit.ly/2editqa Moov HR is compatible with the Moov Personal Coach app (available on iOS and Android) and will launch with all new heart-rate driven, move-by-move voice coaching experiences in HIIT Run, HIIT Indoor Cycling and Bodyweight Circuit programs that focus on isolation and mobility to build strength. In all other Moov workouts, which includes Swim, Outdoor Cycling, and Cardio Boxing, Moov HR will serve as a heart rate monitor measuring beats per minute (BPMs) without the heart rate based HIIT audio coaching. Other features and benefits of Moov HR: EKG-level Accuracy: Moov HR is the first heart rate monitor app experience to show how your heart rate appears in both waveform representation (like an EKG line seen on hospital monitors) and numerical data. Customizable: Choose between Moov HR Sweat and Moov HR Swim to get the most out of every workout -- both in and out of water. Social: Stay competitive by sharing accomplishments on the Moov Leaderboard. After completing any Moov HR Workout, your workout report can be shared freely across any channel of social media. Affordable: Moov HR can be purchased as either a headband or swim cap for a limited-time pricing of $59.95 (buy both for only $99.90 while supplies last) so that anyone can get the most out of their workouts without having to join a gym or hire a personal trainer. In addition to launching their third product in less than three years, Moov has secured $12 million in Series B financing led by Mangrove Capital and joined by BOE Technology Group. As with their first two products, Moov is creating an entirely new wearable experience that provides actionable data in line with the current fitness trends, said Stanley Wang, founding partner at Mangrove Capital. People have savvied up to what constitutes a good workout and are flocking to boutique gyms where professionals coach them through high-intensity workouts. Its not about tracking steps, but basing workouts on physiological patterns like heart rate, and Moovs technology is delivering on just that. For a limited time only, Moov HR is available for purchase as either a headband or swim cap at $59.95 each. Take part in Moovs special launch price and get both for $99.90 while supplies last. To purchase your device and choice of headband, Moov HR Sweat (headband) or Moov HR Swim (swim cap), please visit: www.moov.cc/MoovHr About Moov: Based in San Francisco, CA, Moov is dedicated to helping you improve the quality of your everyday workout. By combining artificial intelligence and gameplay into wearable devices, including Moov, Moov Now, and Moov HR, Moov is fitness training taken to the next level. Advanced motion sensors read your bodys form and heart rate, while Moov technology syncs with your smartphone to give you real-time feedback and coaching instructions that can help improve while you exercise.   In corporating sport science research from Harvard and Stanford, Moovs products are designed to help professionals and beginners alike. Now you can get the most from every workout, so you can train harder and faster without having to compromise results. For more information, please visit www.moov.cc. Related Links moov.cc/moovhr moov.cc WebWireID205790   fitness moov wearables HIIT heart rate monitor Contact Information Molly OConnor Wareness for Moov Wareness molly@vscconsulting.com This news content may be integrated into any legitimate news gathering and publishing effort. Linking is permitted. News Release Distribution and Press Release Distribution Services Provided by WebWire. Tools Printer-friendly version Email this Release Email Form Your Name Your Email Your Recipient's Name Your Recipient's Email Comments Verification Code: Please type in this box the code you see above: Send Bookmark this Release Show all del.icio.us Yahoo! Google Live Ask BlinkList Diigo Slashdot Technorati Simpy Netvouz Mister Wong Share this Release Show All Reddit LinkedIn StumbleUpon Twitter Digg My Space Mixx Squidoo Newsvine Fark Blue Dot WebWire Related Industries Biometrics Biotechnology Consumer Electronics Lifestyle / Society Sports Distribute Your News Every day, hundreds of individuals and companies choose WebWire to distribute their news. WebWire places your news within numerous highly trafficked news search engines generating leads and publicity. Submit Your Release Now! WebWire® 1995 - 2016 About Us Terms of Service Privacy Statement
AUTOMATION DATA INFRASTRUCTURE INTERNET TRANSPORTATION PERSPECTIVES INSIGHTS GOVTECH.COM FutureStructure_Grey FutureStructure Apple's 'Project Titan' No Longer Working Toward Apple Car The program has been redirected at building self-driving programs that can be sold to existing carmakers as an Apple add-on. by Michael Hiltzik, Los Angeles Times / October 19, 2016 0 Farewell to the Apple Car Flickr/L P Y 9 7 4 (TNS) -- It was just over a year and a half ago that the consumer technology and auto aficionado communities became jointly engulfed in a tizzy over a single rumor: Apple was going into the car manufacturing business. If you’ve read this far, you probably already know the punchline: Apple is getting out of the car manufacturing business. More precisely, according to Bloomberg, it appears it was never actually in the car manufacturing business. Hundreds of members of Apple’s once 1,000-strong car team, dubbed Project Titan, are gone. The program has been redirected at building self-driving programs that can be sold to existing carmakers as an Apple add-on, the way Pullman sleeper cars were sold to railroads more than 100 years ago as a branded luxury enhancement to transcontinental train travel. RELATEDApple Watchers Count Down to Apple WatchApple Unveiling 2016: Say Hello to iPhone 7, Apple Watch Series 2 and Wireless AirPods It’s not my purpose to say, “I told you so,” although I and many other observers predicted from the outset that the Apple Car was likely to end up exactly where it seems to have landed. But it’s proper to revisit what experts said about Apple’s car venture in February 2015, when rumors of Project Titan first surfaced on the website 9to5Mac. That’s because the arc of the Apple Car bears important lessons for anyone seized by the impulse to declare a speculative venture a world-changing success before the rubber, so to speak, meets the road. We can start by outlining the arguments that presaged spectacular success for the Apple Car. Apple was not merely going to enter the automaking business, but would reinvent the business. Although auto manufacture was by nature a low-margin business, Apple would transform it into a high-margin business. (Matt Yglesias at Vox: “If Apple makes a car, it will be a high margin car because Apple only makes high margin products.”) To those who doubted that Apple could upend the car business by producing something revolutionary, the standard comeback was: Remember the iPhone? The iPad? The iPod? There were just a few problems with these notions. Begin with the hype environment. As I observed at the time, Apple then was living in a PR sweet spot. The company had just recorded blowout quarterly financial results, driven by the successful iPhone 6 launch, with the new Apple Watch lurking on the horizon. Apple CEO Tim Cook was said to have a magic touch — never mind that his ability to emerge from the shadow of Steve Jobs had been initially in question. The euphoria didn’t last: The Apple Watch has been a relative yawn, and the company’s stock lost 30% of its value between early February 2015 and mid-May this year, before recovering some of the slide. More importantly, the optimists underestimated the challenge of creating a car company from scratch, while overestimating the potential market. There was no dearth of skeptics. Dan Akerson, ex-CEO of General Motors, reminded listeners that making a car was a burly undertaking: “We take steel, raw steel, and turn it into a car. They have no idea what they’re getting into if they get into that.” Carmaking couldn’t be outsourced to contract manufacturers, the way Apple hires China’s Foxconn to make its phone. For one thing, contract manufacturing capacity didn’t exist on the necessary scale. Henry Blodget of Business Insider calculated that the entire worldwide automobile market of about 88 million vehicles a year wasn’t big enough to generate more than a modest boost to Apple’s annual sales and profit, which stood last year at $234 billion and $53 billion, respectively. Unless, that is, the company managed to seize enormous market share in autos while making vehicles with 50% profit margins. As Blodget pointed out, achieving either goal required superhuman skill and luck, but combining the two was well nigh impossible: You could build either niche products like Porches and Ferraris with sizable margins, or mass-market vehicles with razor-slim margins. Not both. Since Apple’s operating margin is about 30%, it must breach a high bar to match that in cars. What the Apple fans also missed was that, traditionally, the really profitable technological advances in the auto industry were not in the vehicles themselves — every one is, after all, four wheels and a drive train — but in the manufacturing process. Henry Ford didn’t invent the car; he pioneered the assembly line. “If you want to find the next ‘big thing’ in automobiles,” observed technology analyst Horace Dediu, “look for a new production system.” (This is a challenge, by the way, also facing Tesla Motors.) Apple, whatever its virtues, is not a production company. None of this means that Apple couldn’t contribute significantly to the automobile business and make money doing so. But the likelihood from the inception was that its involvement would be as a supplier to the industry, not a competitor. The current rumors about Titan being retooled as a source of automated driving systems fits that expectation. Nor does it have to stop there. Apple’s CarPlay, an integrated automotive entertainment and communications system, could evolve into a desirable option for, say, your BMW. A luxury automobile with “Apple Inside”? That could be hit, and a profitable one yet. ©2016 the Los Angeles Times Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC. RELATED Apple Watchers Count Down to Apple Watch Apple Unveiling 2016: Say Hello to iPhone 7, Apple Watch Series 2 and Wireless AirPods 0 COMMENTS MORE FROM FutureStructure TWEETS FOLLOW US @mamaluci RT @govtechnews: Massachusetts makes way for self-driving cars bit.ly/2g8ttsN #futurestructure https://t.co/i3B2LLnxmK 11/14/2016 4:49:09 PM @GoldsmithOnGov RT @govtechnews: Massachusetts makes way for self-driving cars bit.ly/2g8ttsN #futurestructure https://t.co/i3B2LLnxmK 11/14/2016 4:49:09 PM @Lees_Sandbox RT @govtechnews: Massachusetts makes way for self-driving cars bit.ly/2g8ttsN #futurestructure https://t.co/i3B2LLnxmK 11/14/2016 4:49:09 PM Latest Connections Solar for Local Governments Means Broad Planning, Broad Benefits Systems connected: Planning and development, energy utilities, public works. NACTO Acknowledges Complex Ties Between Automated Vehicles and the World Systems connected: Mobility, infrastructure, city planning, data, taxation CONNECTION: The Smart City Challenge Is One Enormous Silo-Buster Systems connected: Transportation, energy, economic development, health care, inter-city collaboration NEWSLETTER Scan the day’s headlines, as well as original and breaking technology news for state and local government readers. Subscribe PAPER Changing the Face of Data Analytics Download © 2016 All rights reserved. e.Republic ABOUT PRIVACY CONTACT ADVERTISE OUR NETWORK GOVERNMENT TECHNOLOGY CENTER FOR DIGITAL GOVERNMENT DIGITAL COMMUNITIES INNOVATION NATION
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Home Automation: Apple Keeps their Eye on the Prize | Main | Apple's Not-So-Secret Mac Event is on for Next Thursday Oct 27 » October 19, 2016 Apple and IBM have launched their First MobileFirst App for Education Called 'Watson Element'   Today Harriet Green, general manager, IBM Watson Internet of Things, Commerce & Education stated in a press release that "IBM and Apple are launching Watson Element to help teachers gain insights into each student's skills, preferences and interests to transform personalized learning experiences that are unique to all." Apple will offer the Watson Element app as part of its broad portfolio of educational tools for schools designed to transform the teaching and learning experience.     IBM Watson Element provides teachers with a holistic view of each student through a fun, easy-to-use and intuitive mobile experience that is a natural extension of their work. Teachers can get to know their students beyond their academic performance, including information about personal interests and important milestones students choose to share. For example, teachers can input notes when a student's highly anticipated soccer match is scheduled, when another has just been named president for the school's World Affairs club, and when another has recently excelled following a science project that sparked a renewed interest in chemistry.   The unique "spotlight" feature in Watson Element provides advanced analytics that enables deeper levels of communication between teachers about their students' accomplishments and progress. For example, if a student is excelling academically, teachers can spotlight that student, praising their accomplishments across the school district. Or, if a student received a top award in the district art show, a teacher can spotlight the student so their other teachers know about it.   The app also enables teachers to take advantage and make sense of all the data from the school district that already exists today, including attendance and current academic performance. With data-driven insights at their fingertips, teachers can spot trends across groups, allowing them to bring students together for small group instruction based on common skill levels or areas of interest.   Coppell Independent School District (ISD) in Texas is the first school district to use the app to provide deeper levels of personal interactions and learning experiences for its students. Coppell ISD is a top-ranked school district in Texas, serving the communities of Coppell, Valley Ranch, North Irving and the City of Dallas, with nearly 12,300 learners and over 750 teachers.     Dr. Marilyn Denison, Coppell ISD Assistant Superintendent for Curriculum and Instruction stated in the press release that "Working with Apple and IBM, we are developing creative solutions and designing experiences for educators to engage learners, tap into their interests and align with their learning styles in order to help meet academic needs. Using the Watson Element app, educators now have the relevant, real-time information they need in order to individualize learning and prepare students to be successful in an ever-changing world."   The app works with 'Watson Enlight' a powerful browser-based tool for teachers, to support data-driven insights and lesson planning. Through the integrated Natural Language Processing capabilities of IBM Watson, teachers are also provided with specific recommended learning content that is tailored to the characteristics and needs of each student. For example, if a student is struggling with a particular algebra lesson, Watson capabilities can recommend to teachers more visual content that integrates some of the student's favorite hobbies, like basketball, which helped the student in the past.   Teachers at Coppell previously spent hours searching and sorting through student data and classroom performance from a variety of sources including digital and paper records from the schools' information systems. Now, using Watson Element, teachers will be able to make data-driven decisions in real time and give instant feedback, on the iPad, of their observations of each student's mastery of skills. The app enables teachers to intervene if a student is stagnating or falling behind, and can share key trends around behavior to help address issues and determine what is successful in other classrooms and school activities.   Nancy Garvey, Director of Instructional Technology, Coppell ISD stated that "Watson Element is an app that will redefine education as we know it. Educators are given an easy to use system that provides up to date information so they can get to know their learners at deeper levels and allow educators to individualize learning."   Samira Khan, Elementary School Teacher, Coppell ISD added that "The learner is more than a number or a grade. I appreciate that, as an educator, I can add information about the child's interests, learning style or other notes, that will not only help me, but their future educators as well. This app is truly a key 'element' in making sure all learners are successful."   Dr. Mike Waldrip, Superintendent Coppell Independent School District stated that his school is on the cutting edge of using technologies to change teaching and learning to improve student outcomes.     About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on October 19, 2016 at 02:25 PM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports , 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung Aggressively Gets into Apple's Face with Moves into AI and Telematics with Harman Acquisition Chinese State Publication Warns President Elect Trump that any Tariffs on Chinese Goods Would be bad News for Apple Microsoft, Apple and Google Aim to Extend Touch Technologies to a World of new Devices and Applications Samsung sets their Eyes on a Revolutionary Holographic TV Lest we Forget: Remembrance and Veterans Day 2016 Samsung Reconsiders Foldable Smartphones as Fear of another Market Blunder Weighs Heavily on the Company Apple Supplier Japan Display may get one last Government Bailout to help it Shift to OLED Why is Samsung Racing to launch their first Foldable Dumbphone? Apple Updates 'Glass Fused Device Housing' Patent by shining a light on a Possible Illumination Feature Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search The Apple October 27 Mac event is official: 3 things to expect Chris Burns - Oct 19, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Apple reveals invites for their next big tech event – rumored to hold the next MacBook Pro. This event will be taking place on the 27th of October, 2016, and is set to take place on Apple Campus proper. This means it’ll be an event where hardware will be appearing. The invite also implies that we’ll be seeing a product that we’ve not seen for a while. This could mean a new MacBook, or – more likely – it could mean a new MacBook Pro. Some of the most wild and weird rumors have appeared for this event – and have been long awaited. One of these is a brand new way to tap into the MacBook Pro’s potential with a touchscreen above the keyboard. Said touchscreen could show music or media controls – or a ticker for stock prices. It could also be a central point for all music-making control. Either that or tiny, super-thin cat videos. Whatever you want, we must assume. Whatever your heart could want in a strip of LED or LCD. Rumors also claim that this version of the MacBook Pro could have Touch ID for fingerprint log-in. This same Touch ID sensor could protect the device from unauthorized purchases online. Unlike the iPhone, such purchases are only now held up by plain old passwords on MacBooks. There’s also a rumor that this new MacBook Pro could do away with standard USB ports. Instead, USB-C ports would take over. And everyone and their mothers would rage out over the idea. No headphone ports for anyone, while we’re at it. No ports for anyone, ever! We’ll be at the Apple event with bells on, so stick around SlashGear for all the action come the 27th. We’ll be bringing it to you quick through our big Apple Hub. Story Timeline MacBook Pro spy photos hint at OLED touch strip, no MagSafe macOS Sierra code hides MacBook Pro Touch Bar, Touch ID gems New MacBook Pro 2016 detailed with Touch ID release date tip MacBook Pro 2016 report details GPU, secondary keyboard display MacBook Pro refresh believed to land late October How Apple’s next MacBook Pro could be the most flexible laptop ever Hated MacBook? The new MacBook Pro will make you howl Tags AppleApple EventComputingDesktopiOSmacbookmacbook promobile Must Read Bits & Bytes MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Surface Book with Performance Base Review 7 ways I’ll escape or mobilize today with technology USB-C could kill Lightning, but Apple can’t afford it Tesla reveals paid Supercharging switch in 2017 Latest Headlines TSB probes plane’s near-collision with drone: two people hurt Nov 14, 2016 Microsoft: Visual Studio for Mac preview is inbound Nov 14, 2016 Pixel Launcher tricks expand while Arrow Launcher updates Nov 14, 2016 Marshall Mid Bluetooth headphones boast 30+ hours of playback Nov 14, 2016 Telltale reportedly developing Guardians of the Galaxy game series Nov 14, 2016 Latest Reviews MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Nov 14, 2016 Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review Nov 10, 2016 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Nov 4, 2016 Living with Google Home Nov 3, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
News Computers Review: D-Link AC5300 Ultra Wi-Fi Router (DIR-895L) Amped Wireless ATHENA-AP AC2600 Access Point shipping this month Review: eero Home WiFi System Belkin unveils Thunderbolt 3 accessories range Review: IcyDock FlexCage (MB973SP-2B) Networking Review: D-Link AC5300 Ultra Wi-Fi Router (DIR-895L) Amped Wireless ATHENA-AP AC2600 Access Point shipping this month Review: eero Home WiFi System NETGEAR’s Nighthawk X10 boasts 7.2 Gbps speeds, 10G port, Plex Media Server 10 Great 10G Networking Products for Prosumers Smart Home Review: Remocam Smart Home Security Camera Kwikset Kevo adds IFTTT support TP-Link grows lighting range with colour-changing LB130 Smart Wi-Fi Bulb Amazon launches new case range for Echo Dot Review: TP-Link Smart Wi-Fi LED Bulb (LB120) Home Servers Connecting Client PCs to Windows Server Essentials 2016 Installing Windows Server 2016 Essentials (Part 3) Thecus Refreshes Windows Server Essentials Line With W4810 NAS Installing Windows Server 2016 Essentials (Part 2) Installing Windows Server 2016 Essentials (Part 1) Home Cinema Denon HEOS multi-room audio platform to get Alexa voice control Review: Epson EH-TW5210 Full HD Projector Review: Bowers & Wilkins P7 Wireless Headphones Bowers & Wilkins P9 Signature Headphones Unveiled Review: JBL Clip2 and Charge3 Mobile Review: JBL Clip2 and Charge3 Review: Belkin Base for Apple Pencil Review: Belkin PowerHouse Charge Dock for Apple Watch + iPhone Belkin’s Mixit Lightning to USB Keychain Keeps You Connected On the Road Review: weBoost EQO Cell Phone Signal Booster Features Reviews Review: D-Link AC5300 Ultra Wi-Fi Router (DIR-895L) Review: Remocam Smart Home Security Camera Review: eero Home WiFi System Review: IcyDock FlexCage (MB973SP-2B) Review: TP-Link Smart Wi-Fi LED Bulb (LB120) How to Guides Connecting Client PCs to Windows Server Essentials 2016 Installing Windows Server 2016 Essentials (Part 3) Installing Windows Server 2016 Essentials (Part 2) Installing Windows Server 2016 Essentials (Part 1) Building a Windows 10 Home Server – Anniversary Update Edition is Now Available Unboxing Unboxing: Tenda AC9 Wireless AC1200 Router Unboxed: IcyDock FlexCage Unboxed: IcyDock IcyCube Storage Enclosure Unboxed: Actiontec MyWirelessTV2 Wireless HD Video Kit Unboxed: Actiontec WEB6000Q Wireless Network Extender Forums Store More Subscribe Send a Tip Contact Write for We Got Served About Us CES 2016, Computers, News, Storage 10 Great Thunderbolt 3 Products for 2016 Terry WalshJan 11, 2016, 10:05 amOct 31, 2016 12 35.6K shares Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Reddit Email Subscribe Join the mailing list Sign up to our mailing list and you will receive the latest news, reviews and how to guides delivered directly to your inbox. You can unsubscribe at any time. Thank you for subscribing. Something went wrong. Thanks for signing up! If you’re a tech enthusiast, you’ll know all about Thunderbolt. It’s a versatile hardware connector that combines high-speed data transfers with audio and video display. First launched in 2011, with the development name Light Peak, Thunderbolt was invested by a partnership of tech luminaries, including Intel, Apple, LaCie and others. The first iteration of the technology debuted on the 2011 Apple MacBook Pro with other Thunderbolt-equipped models following. On the PC side, manufacturers were reasonably slow to adopt Thunderbolt (preferring the lower cost USB 3.0) despite heavy championing by Intel.  The Thunderbolt 2 (Falcon Ridge) standard arrived in 2013, doubling data transfer speeds to 20 Gbps and the connector began to pop up on motherboards from ASUS, Gigabyte and ASRock, alongside PCs from Dell, HP, Lenovo and others. According to Intel, at the end of 2015, over 100 million computers are equipped with the Thunderbolt interface, with more than 250 peripherals on the market. Here we are in early 2016, and Thunderbolt 3 (Alpine Ridge) is ready to roll! The latest version of the standard brings a big physical change in the switch the USB-C connector (any USB Type-C cable will work in a Thunderbolt 3 port but you’ll need a Thunderbolt cable to connect to a Thunderbolt 3 device). Speeds are doubled to 40 Gbps, and Intel boasts that you’ll be able to drive dual 4K displays at 60 Hz. With the switch to USB-C (as an Alternate Mode), Thunderbolt 3 ports are power enabled, offering up to 100W charging power for notebooks and 15W to bus-powered devices. Thunderbolt cables are now more versatile than ever, supporting a range of protocols including Thunderbolt itself, DisplayPort, USB and PCI Express. Update (October 2016): With Apple announcing a new range of MacBook Pro laptops supporting Thunderbolt 3, we’ve taken the opportunity to refresh this list with another ten great Thunderbolt 3 products to check out. Twenty for the price of ten? Sounds like a great deal! Apple MacBook Pro (2016) While the likes of Acer, Dell and HP have already launched products supporting Thunderbolt 3, it’s the launch of the new Apple MacBook Pro that will drive the technology into mainstream use. The guys from Cupertino have announced 13 and 15″ editions of the 2016 MacBook Pro, all of which rock Thunderbolt 3 ports. The entry level 13″ MacBook Pro is priced at $1,499 and is powered by a 2 GHz Intel Core i5 Skylake processor, partnered with 8 GB RAM. Two Thunderbolt 3 ports are equipped, supporting 40 Gbps data transfers, two 5K displays and accessory charging. While the base model lacks Apple’s new Touch Bar and Touch ID features, you’ll find them included further up the range, which extends all the way to the $2,799 15″ MacBook Pro. It offers four Thunderbolt 3 ports, 16 GB RAM, an Intel Core i7 Skylake CPU, discreet AMD Radeon Pro 455 with 2GB memory and more. Of course, you’re welcome to spec the MacBook Pro with even more advanced features should your wallet allow! The world’s best laptop? Let the debate rage on! Apple Thunderbolt 3 & USB-C Cables Shell out all that hard earned cash on a new MacBook Pro and, of course, you’ll expect all the cables and adapters you need will be included in the box, right? Well, think again. With Cupertino desperate to prop up declining iPad sales, it looks as if the company is driving margins hard by encouraging Mac enthusiasts to plump for a range of reasonably pricey connectors for the new dream machines. The $49 Apple Thunderbolt 3 (USB-C) to Thunderbolt 2 Adapter allows you to connect any of your existing Thunderbolt 2 devices to the MacBook Pro’s Thunderbolt 3 USB-C port. It’s a bidirectional adapter, so it can also connect new Thunderbolt 3 devices to a Mac with a Thunderbolt or Thunderbolt 2 port (but you’ll need MacOS Sierra or later on board).   Other cables that you’ll need to check out are the $19 USB-C Charging Cable, $25 1m USB-C to Lightning Cable (for iPhone and iPad users), $19 USB-C to USB Adapter, Belkin’s $34.95 USB-C to Gigabit Ethernet Adapter and the $69 USB-C Digital AV Multiport Adapter which includes a HDMI connection, a standard USB port and a USB-C charging port. There are, of course, third-party versions of some of these adapters and cables available at cheaper prices. Be sure to check out the reviews of these before purchasing and, if possible, stick to brands you know. New MacBook owners should definitely check out our guide to this year’s Essential USB 3.1 Gen 2 products too. ASUS ThunderboltEX 3 Expansion Card for Z170 & X99 Motherboards Switching to the Windows desktop world now, owners of newer Z170 and X99 motherboards will want to check out the new ASUS ThunderboltEX 3 Expansion Card, which provides a reasonably quick and easy way to upgrade desktop PCs with Thunderbolt 3 support. The $69 PCIe card slots into the motherboard, adding one USB Type-C port supporting Thunderbolt 3, USB 3.1 and DisplayPort 1.2 connections, Mini DP In, plus a secondary USB 3.1 Type-A port. The card supports USB Power Delivery specs for up to 36W charging and upgrades data transfer speeds to 40 Gbps. Akitio Thunder3 PCIe Expansion Box The Akitio Thunder3 PCIe Box is an expansion chassis that provides an additional PCIe slot for Thunderbolt 3 computers. It’s a great solution for scenarios where installing an internal expansion card is not an option or for desktop systems where there is not enough space for additional PCIe cards. Connecting via USB-C, the onboard Thunderbolt 3 interface supports two additional USB-C ports, a dedicated DisplayPort for hooking up an additional monitor, plus a second Thunderbolt port supporting Thunderbolt 3, USB 3.1, and DisplayPort devices. Clad in aluminium, the Thunder3 allows you to daisy-chain up to 6 Thunderbolt devices The Thunder3’s PCIe (x16) slot supports half-length, full-height, double-width cards with a 4 lane PCI Express 3.0 compliant interface. It’s priced at $299 and available now. HP Spectre X360   If you’re seeking a Windows laptop to give the Apple MacBook Pro a run for its money, the HP Spectre X360 may fit the bill. It’s a convertible 2-in-1 laptop, available in 13 and 15″ sizes. It’s powered by the latest Intel “Kaby Lake” processor and is just 13.8mm (0.54 inches) at its thickest point. A pair of USB-C ports support Thunderbolt 3 connections, while an integrated infra-red camera enables Windows Hello biometric authentication. Simply look at the screen, and the Spectre X360 unlocks. The new HP Spectre x360 is available to order now, priced from $1,049.99. Cable Matters USB-C to HDMI / VGA / Ethernet / USB Multiport 4K UHD Adapter   Adopting new technology can see the costs rack up, so it’s good to know there are some good value Thunderbolt 3 compatible accessories available that won’t break the bank. The Cable Matters USB-C to HDMI / VGA / Ethernet / USB Multiport 4K UHD Adapter is one of them. Fully compatible with Thunderbolt 3, the $45 adapter supports multiple connections, including Gigabit Ethernet, USB 3.0, and an HDMI or VGA video port over a single USB-C connection. 4K UHD (3840×2160 @ 30Hz) display over HDMI is available, while you can also connect a flash drive, mouse, or a smartphone for data transfers and syncing. It’s not the prettiest, but versatile it most certainly is. StarTech.com Thunderbolt 3 Dual-4K Docking Station for Laptops StarTech’s $185 Thunderbolt 3 docking station is a sleek accessory for Windows PCs, allowing connection of your laptop to dual-4K displays (60Hz) & multiple peripherals at speeds up to 40Gbps, with a single cable. Sadly, there’s no support for Macs, but Windows users can connect dual UHD displays or a single 5K 60 Hz displays should they wish. The dock features two Thunderbolt 3 USB-C ports, as well as DisplayPort video output. For dual 4K video capability, you can use a 4K 60Hz capable video adapter to connect a second 4K 60Hz display to one of the dock’s Thunderbolt 3 USB-C peripheral ports, the company says. USB fast-charge and sync is supported (compliant with USB Battery Charging Specification 1.2) while you’ll also find an additional USB-C port (5Gbps – data only), and a Gigabit Ethernet port. Intel NUC NUC6i7KYK Mini PC Scoring eleven on the ten point awesomeness scale for mini PCs is the latest Intel NUC, the NUC6i7KYK. Small but mighty, this NUC is powered by a 6th generation Skylake Intel Core i7 processor and Intel Iris Pro Graphics. Its Thunderbolt 3 interface supports up to three 4K displays and allows you to further accelerate graphics performance with external graphics cards and transfer data to and from an external drive at 40 Gbps. As will all NUC’s you’ll need to add your own storage, RAM and OS, but the results are impressive. The base price for the kit is just under $600, while you’ll need to add $300+ for additional components.  A tiny, full-powered gaming rig or video workstation – truly innovative. Belkin USB-IF Certified 3-Foot USB-C to USB-C (Type C to Type C) Thunderbolt 3 Cable While Apple-fans may be happier checking out the white Belkin Thunderbolt 3 cable I highlighted earlier, everyone else will be please to see that the company has also manufactured a black cable which will match a wider range of kit. Their 3 foot USB-C cable is USB-IF certified, but remains pricey at $29.99. It supports 4K/Ultra HD display connections and is rated for 20 Gbps data transfers, with the bonus of powering a laptop with up to 60W of charging power. Kanex USB-C to SD Card Reader With integrated SD card readers seemingly going the way of the dodo (or in Apple’s case, the 3.5mm headphone jack) photography enthusiasts are going to need a solution to transfer their artistry from camera to PC. Sure, Wi-Fi is an increasingly attractive option for those cameras and SD cards that support it. However, for large RAW files and video, an SD card reader remains a strong option. The Kanex USB-C to SD Card Reader is available in Space Gray (MacBook Pro owners, take note) and supports a wide range of storage cards, including Micro SD/T-Flash, SD, mini SD, MMC, MMC Plus, RS-MMC, MMC Mobile, MS, MS Pro, MS Duo, and MS Pro Duo. It’s compatible with Thunderbolt 3 USB-C ports, but will only transfer data at 5 Gbps (still plenty fast). Priced less than $15, the Kanex USB-C to SD Card Reader is a great value addition to your backpack.     Razer Blade Stealth & Razer Core If you’re a gamer, you’ll know all about Razer, Inc. Their newly announced Razer Blade Stealth is a beautiful and powerful 12.5″ ultrabook that can hook up to the external Razer Core enclosure over Thunderbolt 3. That brings you desktop class graphics (you can plug in full-length, double-wide PCIe desktop graphics cards) and a host of additional connections including 4 USB 3.0 ports and Gigabit Ethernet. Work or play, it’s got the lot.The Razor Blade Stealth starts at $999, pricing for the Razer Core is yet to be announced. AKiTiO Thunder3 Duo Pro With super-fast data transfer speeds, expect to see a wide range of Thunderbolt 3 storage solutions coming down the line this year. The $389 Thunder3 Duo Pro from AKiTiO is one of the first, boasting transfer speeds up to 770 MB/s while simultaneously providing two 4K video streams to connected displays. That’s 8x faster than USB 3.1 Gen 1 and 4x faster than USB 3.1 Gen 2. It’s a dual-bay RAID enclosure, offering RAID 0 striping, RAID 1 mirroring, SPAN, and Non-RAID. Connectivity is strong, with two Thunderbolt 3 Ports, a USB 3.1 Gen 1 (Type-B) port, and a DisplayPort video output for 4K 60HZ displays. The second Thunderbolt 3 port on the Thunder3 Duo Pro supports Thunderbolt 3, USB 3.1 (10Gb/s), and DisplayPort devices. It’s coming in the first quarter of the year. Dell Thunderbolt Dock PC manufacturers are waking up to the fact that the concept of “mobile” and “fixed” workers is outdated. Nowadays, many of us working in a hybrid style. We may be travelling, but when we touch down to get some work done, many of us need the same capabilities and connectivity as we’d expect at our own desk. Devices like the Dell Thunderbolt Dock seek to address that need. Plug into your notebook and you get benefit from a single data and power source that can drive can drive up to three 1080p displays or two 4K displays at 60 Hz. Add twin USB 2.0 ports and three USB 3.0, VGA, mini DisplayPort, and HDMI sockets, plus DisplayPort and a Thunderbolt 3 port in addition. Best of all, as it adheres to industry standards, it’s not just for Dell notebooks – everyone’s invited. The Dell Thunderbolt Dock ships this month for $299. HP ZBook Dock With Thunderbolt 3 Following a similar theme as the Dell Thunderbolt Dock, in a less chunky (but longer) form factor, the HP ZBook Dock With Thunderbolt 3 also costs $299 and offers a similarly impressive array of connections. Alongside charging capabilities, you can hook up to 10 devices at once through ports that include Thunderbolt 3 (which also supports DisplayPort 1.2 and USB 3.1 Gen 2), four USB 3.0, RJ-45, VGA, combo audio, and two additional DisplayPorts. ASUS ROG XG Station 2 It’s common for bleeding edge tech to land first on gaming rigs and that’s certainly true for Thunderbolt 3. The ASUS ROG XG Station 2 is an external graphics card docking station and although ASUS says it’s “specifically designed for ASUS laptops and graphics cards”, we’re still waiting to hear whether other brands will be locked out. Plug in your laptop (using its USB-C port) and the dock will both charge your laptop and supercharge its graphics capabilities. You’ll need to bring your own graphics card to slot into the XG Station 2 and ASUS has yet to reveal compatibility details and pricing. Acer TravelMate P648 Notebook If you’re in the hunt for a high-tech travel companion, the 14″ Acer TravelMate P648 Notebook is powered by a 6th generation Intel Core processor with support for super-high speed 802.11ad multi-band wireless connectivity. You’ll need a compatible router though, like the newly announced TP-LINK Talon AD7200, which offers combined speeds up to 7200 Mbps. 4 GB RAM supports the processor, upgradable to a massive 20 GB and there’s ample storage space with up to 1 TB hard drives or 512 GB solid state drives. Graphics are handled by NVIDIA GeForce 840M discrete graphics. Thunderbolt 3 support offers ultra-fast data transfer and 4K display connectivity while eight hours of battery life should keep you occupied for the day. The Acer TravelMate P648 Notebook starts at $799.99 and ships in April. Plugable Flagship Thunderbolt 3 Dock  Plugable’s new Flagship Thunderbolt 3 Dock is designed to eliminate the need to continually plug and unplug devices from your notebook or tablet. You can hook up two uncompressed 4K 60Hz (4096 x 2160) displays, three USB 3.0 devices, Gigabit Ethernet, and Stereo audio in/out while keeping your desktop free of clutter. The second Thunderbolt 3 port on the dock operates the same as a Thunderbolt 3 computer port by supporting Thunderbolt 3 (up to 5 daisy chained), USB 3.1 (10Gb/s), and DisplayPort devices. It’ll arrive in Q1 2016.   Plugable Thunderbolt 3 Dual-Display Adapter Meanwhile, the Plugable Thunderbolt 3 Dual-Display Adapter offers a quick and convenient way to hook up multiple displays to your PC. Two versions of the adapters are hitting the market this year. A DisplayPort variant supports the connection of two uncompressed 4K 60Hz (4096 x 2160) monitors. A second, HDMI model offers support for two uncompressed 4K 30Hz (3840 x 2160) monitors. Both are coming in Q1 2016.   Startech.com Thunderbolt 3 to Dual DP Adapter/HDMI Adapter Peripheral and accessory specialist Startech.com is introducing Thunderbolt 3 to Dual DisplayPort Adapter, which they’re calling “the highest resolution and simplest dual DisplayPort adapter ever”. Why? Well, it’s bus powered, does not require additional device drivers, and, for the first time, a dual DisplayPort adapter supports two full uncompressed DisplayPort 1.2 video streams from a single Thunderbolt 3 port (that’s nearly 16 million more pixels than an HDTV, from a single Thunderbolt 3 port).   A similar adapter, supporting Thunderbolt 3 to twin HDMI connections, rather than DisplayPort is also available, priced at $91.95. Startech.com Thunderbolt 3 Cables If you like the look of all these Thundrbolt 3 solutions, you’re going to need some cables to go with them. >Startech.com are shipping Thunderbolt 3 cables with USB-C connectors in lengths of 0.5m ($25.99), 1m ($29.99) and 2m ($35.99). Bear in mind, though, that the fastest 40 Gbps connections are only available with the 0.5m cable. Longer lengths result in a speed drop to (a still blistering) 20 Gbps. While we’ve seen a swathe of new Thunderbolt 3 products unveiled at CES 2016, we can expect to see many more announced through the year. Thunderbolt may have had a slow start, but with compatible notebooks, gaming rigs, storage devices and accessories now streaming into the market, it looks like the versatile Thunderbolt 3 standard will be popping up everywhere this year. shares Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Reddit Email Subscribe Join the mailing list Sign up to our mailing list and you will receive the latest news, reviews and how to guides delivered directly to your inbox. You can unsubscribe at any time. Thank you for subscribing. Something went wrong. Thanks for signing up! Follow Us 2,733Fans 4,207Followers 986Fans 3,810Subscribers 4,727Subscribers 21,087Comments Related News AKiTiO Thunder3 Duo ProAlpine RidgeasusDell Thunderbolt DockFalcon RidgeRazer Blade StealthRazer Corethunderbolt 3 Previous ArticleASUS TUF Sabertooth Z170 S Arctic-Camo Motherboard AnnouncedNext ArticleGE Plug-in Smart Switch (Bluetooth Smart) Terry Walsh Terry Walsh is the founder of We Got Served. He started the community in February 2007 with a mission to help families, tech enthusiasts everywhere figure out the technology needed to run the modern home and small business. He's the author of a number of guides to Windows, Windows Server and OS X Server and runs his own successful publishing business. Born and raised in Liverpool, England, Terry has been awarded Microsoft's prestigious Most Valuable Professional Award each year since 2008 for his work on We Got Served. Joe Pleniukas I’m curious – has anyone seen an adapter to go from Thunderbolt 3 to Thunderbolt 2? Some of these docks have display port slots, but it doesn’t seem like you’d be able to use Thunderbolt 2 peripherals on a machine equipped with Thunderbolt 3 in the usb-c form factor unless I’m mistaken. Terry Walsh Hi Joe – looks like Startech.com has one, but it’s pricey: http://www.startech.com/ca/Cables/thunderbolt-3-cables/thunderbolt-3-usb-c-thunderbolt-adapter~TBT3TBTADAP phatkatmeow apple just released a couple of adapters, including t3->t2/t1 Shawn Lopez Is it going to be possible to run a display above 60Hz? I am looking to push a single monitor at 3440x1440p at 100Hz but all I see in these docks, hubs and adapters is 4k @60Hz. 3440x1440p is equivalent of 2.5k and typically when there is a refresh rate limitation it is due to the bandwidth limitation of the interface. According to https://thunderbolttechnology.net/tech/faq They say that Thunderbolt 3 is based on the DisplayPort 1.2 specification and can support up to 2 streams (eight lanes) of DisplayPort 1.2 video bandwidth. A single cable now provides four times the data and twice the video bandwidth of any other cable, while also supplying up to 100W of power. One 4K display (4096 x 2160) 30-bit @ 120 Hz I am looking to buy an 18ft or 30ft Thunderbolt 3 optical cable so I can put my gaming rig in an open closet right outside my room to eliminate the heat build up in my room. I live in South Texas and gaming even with the AC on still causes my room to reach the 90’s. Jorge García Great article :), hope my asus r9 290 works with my future laptop! rtd99 Stay away from the Dell Thunderbolt Dock…it does not work very well…Check out all the complaints on the Dell Forum; I bought one, spent hours with Tech service trying to get it working and failed…Will return it…Also Dell’s customer and technical service seems to be deteriorating since taken over by Private Equity… Eugen Where are the damn optical cables for TB3? Those are the single greatest reason to buy into thunderbolt 3, for moving your desktop to the closet. Khürt L. Williams What’s the use case for “optical cables”? Eugen It puts the pc in the closet/attic in a rack with the storage, ups and dead cats. It runs a long TB3 cable to a dock. It now has no noise and ugly boxes in the room. 🙂 actionjh “First launched in 2011, with the development name Light Peak, Thunderbolt was invested by a partnership of tech luminaries, including Intel, Apple, LaCie and others.” I doubt LaCie ever made an investment on Thunderbolt Chipset. Only Apple and Intel, financially. LaCie and others (G-Tech, CalDigit) can be considered first wave developers on the Thunderbolt platform for the device end. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thunderbolt_(interface) This copper-based version of the Light Peak concept was co-developed by Apple and Intel. Apple registered Thunderbolt as a trademark, but later transferred the mark to Intel, which held overriding intellectual-property rights.[7] Marc Elser Stay away from the ZBook Thunderbolt 3 Elite Dock. It’s buggy as hell. Displays blinking, USB ports crashing (freeze), not beeing recognised by the ZBook. And HP is still no able to make it work reliably. I use it daily at work and have to restart my machine about 2-3 times a day because of this. Roger Firestone That Dell dock was recalled. It had a higher percentage of Amazon one-star ratings than I’ve ever seen. Terry, you should put a disclaimer on you site about the Dell dock before you get served yourself. Newsletter Join the mailing list Sign up to our mailing list and you will receive the latest news, reviews and how to guides delivered directly to your inbox. You can unsubscribe at any time. Thank you for subscribing. Something went wrong. Thanks for signing up! Trending 10 Great Thunderbolt 3 Products for 2016 Jan 11, 2016 Which Hard Drive is Best for Your Home Server or NAS? Sep 26, 2014 Review: Remocam Smart Home Security Camera Nov 14, 2016 Installing Windows Server 2016 Essentials (Part 1) Sep 16, 2016 Building a Windows 10 Home Server Starts Here! May 25, 2015 Latest Review: D-Link AC5300 Ultra Wi-Fi Router (DIR-895L) 8 hours agoNov 14, 2016 Review: Remocam Smart Home Security Camera 14 hours agoNov 14, 2016 Kwikset Kevo adds IFTTT support 3 days agoNov 11, 2016 Amped Wireless ATHENA-AP AC2600 Access Point shipping this month 4 days agoNov 10, 2016 We Got Served is an independent publishing company, founded in February 2007. We're here to help you get informed, get excited and get going with the latest technology. Company About Us Contact Write for Us Advertising Our Awards Social     Twitter       Facebook    Forums     RSS © Copyright 2016 We Got Served Ltd. Privacy Policy Competition Terms All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Menu News Reviews How to Guides Forums Store Contact Like it? Share it. Share this post with your friends and followers. shares Facebook Twitter Google+ Reddit LinkedIn Email Subscribe Join the mailing list Sign up to our mailing list and you will receive the latest news, reviews and how to guides delivered directly to your inbox. You can unsubscribe at any time. Thank you for subscribing. Something went wrong. Thanks for signing up!x Subscribe to We Got Served Get the latest news and reviews from We Got Served in your inbox. Simply add your name and email address below. You can unsubscribe at any time. Subscribe Now! x Send this to friendYour emailRecipient email SendCancel
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Circuit Breaker Apple Tech Apple’s holding a Mac event on October 27th: 'hello again' New, 124 comments And we're back to the Mac by Nilay Patel@reckless Oct 19, 2016, 4:02pm EDT share tweet Linkedin As expected, Apple just sent out invites for an event in Cupertino next week on October 27th. The tagline on the invite, "hello again," is a clear reference to the Mac, which was originally introduced with the word "hello" in 1984. The event will be streamed live starting at 10AM PT / 1PM ET — and if an endless string of speculation is true, we’ll finally be seeing some new MacBook Pros. (If there’s ever a time for finally to be appropriate, it’s now — the Retina MacBook Pro hasn’t seen an update in over a year, and Apple still sells a base MacBook Pro that hasn’t been touched since June 2012. Yes, you read that correctly.) Anyway! The rumors suggest the new MacBook Pro will have an OLED touch control bar above the keyboard that will dynamically display different function keys, which is nice. There are also reports that Apple will move to an all-USB-C port arrangement, dropping classic USB and its own MagSafe power connector in favor of the simple all-in-one port it uses on the smaller 12-inch MacBook. Bloomberg also previously reported that a fall hardware event could include a new iMac desktop, MacBook Air, along with a new standalone 5K monitor. All of that would be great as well; the entire Mac lineup is getting a bit long in the tooth. We’ll see what happens on October 27th — The Verge will be there live as always. MacBook 2016 and MacBook Air comparison Source: Apple Next Up In Circuit Breaker Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones How much should the Nintendo Switch cost? I'd rather tie my own shoes than pay $720 for Nike's self-lacing sneakers LuMee launched its new selfie phone case in coordination with the supermoon BenQ’s new 240Hz monitor is designed for e-sports Now Trending MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future This NES Classic Edition teardown shows off a simple gaming system Over 300 million AdultFriendFinder accounts have been exposed in a massive breach This Article has a component height of 7. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Tech Facebook Facebook employees reportedly forming secret ‘task force’ to address fake news by Jacob Kastrenakes Mark Zuckerberg may not care that much about the fake news stories run amok on Facebook, but some employees within his company appear to have very different views. According to BuzzFeed News, “more than dozens” of employees have organized a secret... New, 0 comments Web US & World Tech Google will soon ban fake news sites from using its ad network by Nick Statt@nickstatt Today, Google announced that its advertising tools will soon be closed to websites that promote fake news, a policy that could cut off revenue streams for publications that peddle hoaxes on platforms like Facebook. The decision comes at a critical... New, 4 comments Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment Some 'Enhanced' games are having framerate issues on the PS4 Pro by Paul Miller Eurogamer has dug deep into PlayStation 4 Pro performance, and found a few flaws. While the vast majority of "PS4 Pro Enhanced" games run fine at higher resolutions (up to 4K), or with more advanced anti-aliasing and with other graphical... New, 4 comments Microsoft Good Deals Black Friday Microsoft’s Black Friday deals include Xbox One and Surface discounts by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Microsoft is offering some discounts on Black Friday at the Microsoft Store, and, as one might be able to guess, the deals center around Microsoft’s Surface PCs and Xbox One consoles, along with a few other Windows computers. Additionally,... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Tech Headphones Marshall mixes old and new with its latest Bluetooth headphones by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Today Marshall announced its newest top-of-the-line pair of Bluetooth headphones: the Marshall Mid Bluetooth. In essence, they take the look of the over-ear Marshall Monitor line, shrink them down to an on-ear size, and add the same hardware from... New, 0 comments US & World Tech Facebook What we know, and what we don’t, about Facebook’s effort to reduce hoaxes by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton Nearly a week after the US presidential election, Facebook continues to be roundly criticized for its role in spreading misinformation. In the wake of a close contest, some have said Facebook’s lax attitude toward hoaxes swung the election to... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Get ready for a reimagined MacBook Pro and more: Apple sends invites for October event Zach Epstein BGR NewsOctober 19, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Apple's big October event wasn't exactly a mystery, but now it's officially official. The company on Wednesday sent invitations to the media for a press conference scheduled to take place on October 27th, which is next Thursday. The topic of conversation has not been shared, of course, but rumors suggest that a refreshed Mac lineup will be the focus. The title of Apple's event — "hello again" — seems to support that theory; Apple's Mac computers haven't seen a major update since the company released it's redesigned MacBook. MUST SEE: These 5 insanely thin iPhone 7 cases are perfect for people who hate iPhone cases If recent reports pan out, Apple will unveil a brand new MacBook Pro next week that features one key new feature. On top of refreshed specs and more powerful components, the new notebook PC is expected to feature a long OLED touchscreen in place of the top row of function keys on Apple's keyboard. This screen will display different buttons and graphics depending on which app is being used, giving the user quick access to key features on the fly. Other computers from Apple's lineup, including the MacBook Air, are also expected to be refreshed next week. While the won't get any crazy new features like the OLED touch bar headed to the MacBook Pro, they are expected to be updated with more powerful processors and other spec bumps. Apple's big Mac press conference is scheduled to begin at 1:00 PM ET next Thursday, and BGR will be covering all the news as it breaks. Trending right now: There might actually be an Android phone faster than Apple’s iPhone 7 These 5 insanely thin iPhone 7 cases are perfect for people who hate iPhone cases Return to the ‘Pokemon Sun and Moon’ demo on these days for special rewards See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech All the Photoshops of this photo of Donald Trump and Barack Obama are perfect BGR News The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt LondonCo-founder Of DeepMind, Mustafa Suleyman, To Speak At Disrupt London Save £250 On Tickets Now Events Startups, join TechCrunch at CES in Hardware Battlefield Tickets to the 10th Annual Crunchies are on sale now! Come see Boston Dynamics and its robots stomp on the Disrupt London stage Browse more... apple event Apple and Nike teamed up to make a Nike+ special edition Watch Series 2 TechCrunch TV Apple Event Wrap-Up: Software Free And Now, New iPads And Macs Live From Apple’s San Jose iPad Mini Event At 10AM Pacific/1PM Eastern Browse more... Apple sends out invites for an October 27th event, hints that new Macs are coming Posted Oct 19, 2016 by Greg Kumparak (@grg) 0 SHARES Next Story Meet Yousif Ashoor, the creator of these of amazing automatic sunglasses Aaand there it is. We’d been hearing that Apple was planning to make an announcement on October 27th. Specifically, we’d heard that they’re finally, finally going to show some new Macs — something they haven’t done (outside of a refresh of the MacBooks) in over a year. Sure enough, Apple just started sending out press invites to an event… and sure enough, it’s going down on the 27th. Outside of the timing and location of the event, Apple’s invite is detail-light — at first glance, at least. Notice, though, the “hello again” bit — then rewatch this Macintosh ad from 1984: If you’re in a rush, skip to 0:18 (or just scope out the thumbnail). The word “hello” was a big part of the original Macintosh’s debut — generally portrayed all lowercase, as with this new invite. And then in 1998, with the introduction of the iMac, Jobs tapped the “hello” theme again: Between those little hints and the whispers we’ve been hearing as of late, yeah: expect new Macs on October 27th. Apple has also confirmed that they’ll be live streaming the event on Apple.com starting at 10 a.m Pacific on the 27th. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Apple Founded 1976 Overview Apple is a multinational corporation that designs, manufactures, and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, portable digital music players, and sells a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. Apple provides many products and services, including iPhone; iPad; iPod; Mac; Apple TV; a portfolio … Location Cupertino, CA Categories Consumer Electronics, Retail, Hardware, Software, Electronics Website http://www.apple.com Full profile for Apple Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Snapchat Starts Selling Spectacles | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes apple event Events Popular Posts Featured Stories Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports 4 hours ago | Josh Constine The best things you can do with the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar right now 10 hours ago | Brian Heater Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro 11 hours ago | Brian Heater Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac will launch in November 14 hours ago | John Biggs Latest From TechCrunch A real teen’s take on Snapchat’s hot new Spectacles 1 hour ago | Daniel Singer Adobe makes big bets on AI and the public cloud 1 hour ago | Frederic Lardinois GoodLands partners with ESRI to launch the Catholic Geographic System 2 hours ago | Sam O'Keefe xAd raises $42.5M more, buys WeatherBug to boost location-specific marketing 3 hours ago | Ingrid Lunden Comment moderation powered by Up Next Meet Yousif Ashoor, the creator of these of amazing automatic sunglasses Posted Oct 19, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Technical Content Writer @ Pantheon at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Staff Software Engineer @ Lending Home at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular India’s tech bubble is about to burst 4 hours ago by Contributor Apple looks ahead with the new MacBook Pro 11 hours ago by Brian Heater A real teen’s take on Snapchat’s hot new Spectacles 1 hour ago by Daniel Singer Why the next great SaaS company will look nothing like Salesforce yesterday by Aaref Hilaly Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user reports 4 hours ago by Josh Constine Adobe makes big bets on AI and the public cloud 1 hour ago by Frederic Lardinois xAd raises $42.5M more, buys WeatherBug to boost location-specific marketing 3 hours ago by Ingrid Lunden Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac will launch in November 14 hours ago by John Biggs GE Digital snags ServiceMax for $915 million 4 hours ago by Ron Miller The best things you can do with the MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar right now 10 hours ago by Brian Heater
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple sent out invitations for a new Mac announcement on October 27 Steve Kovach Oct. 19, 2016, 4:01 PM 13,344 facebook linkedin twitter email print The invitation for Apple's event. Apple Apple sent out invitations Wednesday for an event on October 27 at its campus in Cupertino, California, where it's expected to announce a new Mac. The invitation reads "hello again," a play off the greeting the original Macintosh gave when Steve Jobs introduced it in 1984. There have been numerous reports about what to expect from Apple this month, so here's the rundown: New MacBook Pro A new MacBook Pro will likely be the star of the show. According to the latest rumors, the MacBook Pro will be completely redesigned to look more like the Retina MacBook that launched last year. The key feature will be a touch screen at the top of the keyboard that replaces the function keys and can change depending on the app you're using. It'll also have a fingerprint sensor for unlocking the device, just like you do with the iPhone, according to Bloomberg's Mark Gurman. Finally, the MacBook Pro might ditch standard USB ports in favor of USB-C, the new, more capable USB port that's becoming the standard across the tech industry. A concept of what the next MacBook Pro could look like by 3-D artist Martin Hajek. Martin Hajek New MacBook Air The MacBook Air may also get a slight refresh with USB-C ports and faster internal components. Many expected Apple to kill the MacBook Air line in favor of the Retina MacBook, but it looks as though the Air is here to stay for at least a few more years. New iMacs iMacs are expected to get a spec bump, but it's unclear if there will be a redesign. Apple introduced the Retina iMac with a 5K screen two years ago, and improved the color representation on the screen in an update last year. AirPods Hollis Johnson/Business Insider Apple said the AirPods, its new wireless Bluetooth earbuds, would go on sale in October. Well, we're running out of October, so expect Apple to announce that the AirPods are officially on sale on the day of the event. iOS 10.1 Last month, Apple promised an iOS update that would unlock the Portrait mode for the iPhone 7 Plus' dual-camera system. iOS 10.1 is already available in beta for some early testers, so expect the final version to be announced at the event on October 27. Portrait mode mimics the blurry bokeh effect from DSLR cameras, which means the figure in front remains in focus while the background is blurred. The iPhone 7 Plus is the only device that'll get Portrait mode. Portrait mode on the iPhone 7 Plus. Steve Kovach/Business Insider Long overdue It has been several years since Apple's Macs have gotten significant updates or redesigns, so this product refresh feels long overdue. Apple's announcement will come one day after Microsoft's event, where it is expected to announce a new all-in-one Surface PC, in New York. Business Insider will have all the news from Apple's event on October 27, so be sure to come back for all the live updates, analysis, photos, videos, and more. SEE ALSO: The Google Pixel review NOW WATCH: The iPhone 7 or Samsung Galaxy S7: Which one should you buy? Loading video... More: Apple Mac MacBook Pro facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple sent out invitations for a new Mac announcement on October 27 Apple sent out invitations for a new Mac announcement on October 27 Apple sent out invitations Wednesday for an... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > DT Daily > Apple set to refresh Macs, but key feature may not… Apple set to refresh Macs, but key feature may not arrive until 2018 By Bill Roberson — October 19, 2016 12:22 PM Please enable Javascript to watch this video Subscribe on YouTube Get our daily Tech News recap Mentioned here Optimus Maximus MSRP $1,877.43 Learn More Apple laptop keyboards to undergo radical shift in 2018? The countdown is on to Apple’s next big event, slated for the 27th of this month. Apple has been under fire for letting their Mac lineup of desktop and laptops languish while other brands have caught up with sleeker and sometimes even thinner Windows machines. But that could all change when Tim Cook and crew take the stage, and now the Wall Street Journal is reporting future models may have a unique new feature. While rumors of a configurable OLED strip above the keyboard where the function keys usually reside on the expected new MacBooks have been around for a while, the Journal is reporting that in the near future, such as 2018, the whole keyboard may have e-ink keys that can be customized according to user preferences, languages or keyboard shortcuts for whatever software is being used. CEO Tim Cook reportedly met with reps from aftermarket keyboard maker Sonder and Apple’s go-to maker partner Foxconn about just such a new keyboard, although all involved are saying “no comment.” However, Sonder is already taking preorders for their newest Mac-compatible keyboard that has – surprise – customizable e-ink keys. And it’s only $200, so you know implementation into a laptop would not be some huge expense. Configurable keyboards are not new: DT tested a model with AMOLED keys way back in 2008, and while innovative at the time, it was so enormous it was barely usable. We’re looking forward to seeing how someone – perhaps Apple – finally brings this kind of highly flexible tech to a laptop. CYA gone terribly wrong Looks like Samsung hasn’t been exactly helpful in helping some customers who had Note 7 smartphones go boom and cause damage. According to reports in the New York Times and on the BGR website, Samsung reportedly tried to hush up some early incidents, including this one captured on video in China. Samsung reportedly offered the owner of this phone $900 in compensation and a new Note 7 if he would agree NOT to post a video of the phone in full-on immolation mode. The man clearly didn’t take the bait, and the story has stirred up resentment against Samsung in China. Additionally, a Note 7 owner in Britain said he’s been getting the runaround from Samsung after he says his phone lit his home on fire on September 8th, causing $9,000 in damage. He claims Samsung has been slow to respond, has yet to cover the cost of repairs, and seemed primarily concerned with recovering the exploded phone. He says he hasn’t seen any payments from Samsung’s insurance company, called Samsung Fire and Marine. Just in case you need a refresher, Samsung has recalled all of the Note 7 phones it produced, including the so-called “safe replacement” phones, which apparently can light up as easily as the defective originals. Still have yours? Get rid of it. Please uncarry a truckload of money to the FCC It looks like the Uncarrier was up to some standard carrier shenanigans – and now it’s going to cost them. According to the FCC, T-Mobile was less than forthcoming about some key details of its “unlimited” data plan and was throttling the top three percent of data users. Now, T-Mobile has agreed to pay a $48 million fine for choking off the “unlimited” stream of bits to those users. T-Mobile and Metro PCS users will get an additional 4 gigs added to their data caps for certain plans and discounts on phone accessories – but not apparently on phones. U.S. schools will get $5 million in gear and the U.S. Treasury will get a check for $7 million. So, the next time a data provider says their plan is “unlimited,” you’d better read the fine print.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Black Friday Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Google Signs Deal With CBS for Upcoming YouTube Streaming Television Service Wednesday October 19, 2016 1:37 pm PDT by Juli Clover Google has inked a deal with CBS for its upcoming web-based streaming television service, reports The Wall Street Journal. Called "Unplugged," the paid subscription service, available on YouTube, will see Google offering a bundle of several channels for a set price of $25 to $40 per month. CBS, a major network, is now on board, and Google is also said to be close to reaching deals with both 21st Century Fox and Disney, putting it one step closer to establishing a streaming service. Google plans to launch "Unplugged" in early 2017 and has already built out the necessary infrastructure. Google's YouTube Unplugged offering is aimed at cord cutters and is the type of television service that Apple was hoping to provide to customers before its streaming television plans were put on hold. Apple wanted to offer a "skinny bundle" featuring channels from major networks and popular cable channels, which would have been priced at approximately $35 per month. Apple has been trying to create some kind of streaming television service for many years, but has continually run into negotiation difficulties with content providers due to its "hard-nosed" negotiating tactics and an inability to assuage fears about the interruption of traditional revenue streams. Apple's latest streaming plans fell through because media companies demanded too much money for content rights and were reluctant to unbundle channels. While Google and other companies are developing streaming television services, Apple is aiming to position the Apple TV set-top box and the tvOS App Store as a platform to allow existing content providers to share their content through Apple's interface. Apple is also working on some original television programming, including "Planet of the Apps," "Vital Signs," and "Carpool Karaoke." Tags: Google, YouTube [ 68 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) Naraxus 4 weeks ago CBS/Google > Planet of The Apps/Carpool Karaoke/Apple Rating: 9 Votes Cuban Missles 4 weeks ago I guess this demonstrates that the reason Apple didn't reach a deal was because of their negotiating tactics. If Google was able to put this package together, the networks were obviously willing to negotiate. Google said, "put your content on youtube and we will tell you who is watching what and when. You will get tons of information so you can sell commercials better." Apple said, "put your content on AppleTV, but we will only give you unidentified general information. You will get basic data that might help you sell commercials but we want 30% of that." And now we know why things happened the way they did. Rating: 8 Votes HJM.NL 4 weeks ago Siri on AppleTV 4 doesn't work for many foreign languages. So AppleTV is worthless in many countries including mine. Google is on the other hand works very well with foreign languages and is (again) very far ahead of Apple. Mix that with compatibility and reasonable prices... I'm afraid again an opportunity lost for Apple. Android is on every smart tv and getting better and better. Soon you can choose this new feature from google on your tv. Since the biography of Steve jobs where he mentioned he cracked the way we are going to watch tv all Apple has done is talk but not deliver. Every other company: google, amazone, etc. delivered. Rating: 4 Votes Cougarcat 4 weeks ago I wonder if Star Trek: Discovery will be included in this. Not that I'd pay $25-40 a month for TV. Still pissed at CBS for locking it to All Access in the US. Rating: 4 Votes npmacuser5 4 weeks ago The key word, negotiate. Apple has a diifult time with the concept of negotiation. Rating: 3 Votes i hate phones 4 weeks ago am I the only that can't bring themselves to pay for channels that have been free for ages with an antenna? sorry but if i want to watch cbs or fox i'll switch to my hd antenna... Rating: 3 Votes vertical smile 4 weeks ago $25 to $40 month, for one network! HAHAHA! I thought this at first too, but that price is for the bundle. Google offering a bundle of several channels for a set price of $25 to $40 per month. Rating: 2 Votes jdillings 4 weeks ago Competition is really heating up. Dish's Sling TV and Sony's Playstaion Vue are available now and DirecTV Now and Youtube Unplugged will launch before the end of the year. And Hulu's live TV service will launch early next year. It's just a matter of time until Apple launches their own service. Rating: 2 Votes Z400Racer37 4 weeks ago Sounds like Google is drinking Apple's milkshake.... [MEDIA=youtube]a5d9BrLN5K4[/MEDIA] [doublepost=1476906208][/doublepost] I pay $50 a month for 100+ channels, so this isn't worth the price. I used to until I realized that 100+ of those channels were garbage lol. Youtube FTW. Rating: 2 Votes bhenny1 4 weeks ago I pay $50 a month for 100+ channels, so this isn't worth the price. Rating: 2 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories Nonprofit Organizations Now Able to Accept Apple Pay Donations 7 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today announced that nonprofit organizations in the United States are now able to accept accept donations using Apple Pay, allowing donors to send money to various charities more quickly. ... 12 comments Apple Seeds Third Beta of tvOS 10.1 to Developers 7 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today seeded the third beta of an upcoming tvOS 10.1 update to developers for testing purposes, one week after seeding the second tvOS 10.1 beta and more than a month after launching tvOS 10. ... 10 comments Samsung Buying Automobile Accessory Company Harman for $8 Billion 9 hours ago on iOS Blog Samsung Electronics has announced that it will spend $8 billion to purchase Harman International Industries Inc, a company which designs and manufactures connected automobile infotainment... 32 comments Microsoft Launching 'Visual Studio' Coding Platform for Mac This Week 11 hours ago on Mac Blog Microsoft plans to launch its integrated developer environment Visual Studio for the Mac later this week, turning its cloud-first development program into a cross-platform experience that developers... 27 comments iPhone Sales Could Face Major Setback in China if Trump Enacts Trade War 12 hours ago on iOS Blog A collection of companies based in the United States could face "impaired" blowback if President-elect Donald Trump follows through with his campaign plan of imposing a 45 percent tariff on... 149 comments Amazon Music Unlimited Rolls Out Across Germany, Austria, and the U.K. 15 hours ago on iOS Blog Amazon's streaming music service has gone live in the U.K. and will roll out to Germany and Austria later today, according to TechCrunch. Amazon Music Unlimited launched in the U.S. last... 8 comments MacRumors Giveaway: Win a Prize Pack From Satechi With a Laptop Stand, SD Card Reader, Keypad and More 3 days ago on Mac Blog For this week's giveaway, we've teamed up with Satechi to offer MacRumors readers a chance to win a desktop prize package that includes Satechi's Aluminum Portable Laptop Stand, a... 18 comments Crafts Marketplace Etsy Now Accepting Apple Pay on the Web 3 days ago on Mac Blog E-commerce site Etsy, which gives independent crafters a place to sell their wares, today announced that it has begun accepting Apple Pay through both its desktop and mobile websites. Etsy... 7 comments • Apple Honors Veterans Day With New Section on App Store (11) • iPhone Supplier Japan Display Seeks Financing Needed to Shift to OLED Displays (9) • New Filing Confirms Yahoo Was Aware of Large-Scale Email Hack in 2014 (26) • Snapchat's Video Spectacles on Sale via 'Snapbot' Vending Machines (18) • Spotify App Accused of Thrashing Storage Drives With Excessive Data Writes (59) • Apple Starts Approving First Touch Bar App Updates on Mac App Store (51) • Apple Debuts New 'iBooks Storytime' tvOS App With Read-Aloud Books for Kids (11)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'BATMAN - The Telltale Series' Episode 3 Review: Sorry Bruce, the New World Order Sucks 'RETSNOM' Developer Releases Pixelated Point-and-Click Hacking Game 'Replica: A Little Temporary Safety' on iOS 'Kathy Rain' Point-and-Click Adventure Hits Mobile Before Thanksgiving 'Cube Knight' Dual-Stick Shooter Based on King Arthur Legends Now Available How 'Burly Men at Sea' Went From a Concept to a Game Atari Soft Launches 'RollerCoaster Tycoon Touch' in New Zealand AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Black Friday Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Apple Invites Media to 'Hello Again' October 27th Mac-Centric Event Wednesday October 19, 2016 2:03 pm PDT by Juli Clover Apple today sent out media invites for a Mac-centric event that will be held on Thursday, October 27 at 10:00 a.m. at Apple's Cupertino campus. The October event is expected to focus on the introduction of new Macs, headlined by a much-rumored and highly anticipated revamped MacBook Pro. According to rumors, the new MacBook Pro will feature the first redesign to the machine since 2012. A thinner, lighter body is expected, with a wider, pressure-sensitive trackpad and a flatter MacBook-style keyboard with the same butterfly key mechanism. The MacBook Pro will be available in the same 13 and 15-inch size options, and will feature USB-C with USB 3.1 support for faster transfer speeds, Thunderbolt 3, and Touch ID. Touch ID is expected to be built into a new OLED touch panel built into the top of the MacBook Pro, where it will replace the physical function key row. The OLED touch panel is said to feature contextual buttons that will change based on each app that's in use. A leaked chassis suggests it will feature four USB-C ports and a headphone jack, but no HDMI port, no USB-A ports, no MagSafe connector, and no SD card slot. Subscribe to the MacRumors YouTube channel for more videos. A refreshed 13-inch MacBook Air with USB-C ports has also been rumored, but it is not clear if other internal changes will be made to Apple's low-cost machine. It's possible the 13-inch MacBook Air will be a standalone product going forward, based on rumors suggesting the 11-inch model will be discontinued. Apple is also said to be working on updated iMacs with AMD graphics chips, which could be introduced at the event, and we might possibly see the debut of a rumored 5K Retina display with an integrated GPU. Apple discontinued the original Thunderbolt Display earlier this year, but an updated product has been in the works and it makes sense to release it alongside refreshed Macs if it's ready to launch. Apple's Mac Pro and Mac mini are in dire need of refreshes, having been updated last in 2013 and 2014, respectively, but it is not clear if these machines will also see updates at the event. MacRumors plans to provide live coverage of Apple's October 27 event, both here on MacRumors.com and through our MacRumorsLive Twitter account. Apple will also live stream the event on its website and on the Apple TV. Related Roundups: iMac, MacBook Air, MacBook Pro Tag: October 2016 event Buyer's Guide: iMac (Don't Buy), MacBook Air (Don't Buy), MacBook Pro (Buy Now) [ 1006 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) jdillings 4 weeks ago My credit card and dongles are ready Rating: 139 Votes yaxomoxay 4 weeks ago why lowercase "hello again"? Because after removing the headphone jack, Apple will remove the SHIFT and CAPS LOCK keys. Rating: 95 Votes Janichsan 4 weeks ago The ironic twist: they will talk two hours about nothing but watch bands... Rating: 92 Votes MacsRgr8 4 weeks ago BTW... "Hello Again".. (!!!!) Rating: 71 Votes garirry 4 weeks ago Mac Pro better be updated or else I'll just EDIT 10/29: I just Rating: 59 Votes SkyMarc 4 weeks ago G5 Powerbooks FINALLY!!!! I've waited 12 years for this day. Rating: 55 Votes jabingla2810 4 weeks ago "Hello again" Obvious throwback to 1984 when the first Mac said Hello. Rating: 44 Votes Cuban Missles 4 weeks ago Looks like they are releasing the same hardware but in new colors /s Rating: 41 Votes BeamWalker 4 weeks ago Not a fan of the no MagSafe and no-SD Card Slot rumours. Rating: 35 Votes Pelea 4 weeks ago "announcing the brand new macbrook pro with the latest 2015 skylake chips, now comes with 64gb of internal storage to save storage space" Rating: 31 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories Nonprofit Organizations Now Able to Accept Apple Pay Donations 7 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today announced that nonprofit organizations in the United States are now able to accept accept donations using Apple Pay, allowing donors to send money to various charities more quickly. ... 12 comments Apple Seeds Third Beta of tvOS 10.1 to Developers 7 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today seeded the third beta of an upcoming tvOS 10.1 update to developers for testing purposes, one week after seeding the second tvOS 10.1 beta and more than a month after launching tvOS 10. ... 10 comments Samsung Buying Automobile Accessory Company Harman for $8 Billion 9 hours ago on iOS Blog Samsung Electronics has announced that it will spend $8 billion to purchase Harman International Industries Inc, a company which designs and manufactures connected automobile infotainment... 32 comments Microsoft Launching 'Visual Studio' Coding Platform for Mac This Week 11 hours ago on Mac Blog Microsoft plans to launch its integrated developer environment Visual Studio for the Mac later this week, turning its cloud-first development program into a cross-platform experience that developers... 27 comments iPhone Sales Could Face Major Setback in China if Trump Enacts Trade War 12 hours ago on iOS Blog A collection of companies based in the United States could face "impaired" blowback if President-elect Donald Trump follows through with his campaign plan of imposing a 45 percent tariff on... 149 comments Amazon Music Unlimited Rolls Out Across Germany, Austria, and the U.K. 15 hours ago on iOS Blog Amazon's streaming music service has gone live in the U.K. and will roll out to Germany and Austria later today, according to TechCrunch. Amazon Music Unlimited launched in the U.S. last... 8 comments MacRumors Giveaway: Win a Prize Pack From Satechi With a Laptop Stand, SD Card Reader, Keypad and More 3 days ago on Mac Blog For this week's giveaway, we've teamed up with Satechi to offer MacRumors readers a chance to win a desktop prize package that includes Satechi's Aluminum Portable Laptop Stand, a... 18 comments Crafts Marketplace Etsy Now Accepting Apple Pay on the Web 3 days ago on Mac Blog E-commerce site Etsy, which gives independent crafters a place to sell their wares, today announced that it has begun accepting Apple Pay through both its desktop and mobile websites. Etsy... 7 comments • Apple Honors Veterans Day With New Section on App Store (11) • iPhone Supplier Japan Display Seeks Financing Needed to Shift to OLED Displays (9) • New Filing Confirms Yahoo Was Aware of Large-Scale Email Hack in 2014 (26) • Snapchat's Video Spectacles on Sale via 'Snapbot' Vending Machines (18) • Spotify App Accused of Thrashing Storage Drives With Excessive Data Writes (59) • Apple Starts Approving First Touch Bar App Updates on Mac App Store (51) • Apple Debuts New 'iBooks Storytime' tvOS App With Read-Aloud Books for Kids (11)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'BATMAN - The Telltale Series' Episode 3 Review: Sorry Bruce, the New World Order Sucks 'RETSNOM' Developer Releases Pixelated Point-and-Click Hacking Game 'Replica: A Little Temporary Safety' on iOS 'Kathy Rain' Point-and-Click Adventure Hits Mobile Before Thanksgiving 'Cube Knight' Dual-Stick Shooter Based on King Arthur Legends Now Available How 'Burly Men at Sea' Went From a Concept to a Game Atari Soft Launches 'RollerCoaster Tycoon Touch' in New Zealand AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Black Friday Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Apple Listed as 2017 Exhibitor at Mobile World Congress [Updated x2] Wednesday October 19, 2016 1:24 pm PDT by Joe Rossignol Apple Inc. has been listed as a 2017 exhibitor at Mobile World Congress, which is an oddity given the company's trade show presence has been virtually nonexistent since the company's final appearance at Macworld in 2009. If the listing is accurate, it would mark Apple's first time attending Mobile World Congress, the world's largest exhibition and conference for the mobile industry. MWC 2017 runs between February 27, 2017 and March 2, 2017. Babel PR pointed us towards Apple's exhibitor listing, which shows the company has booked space in the App Planet in Hall 8.1, as well as two spaces in the upper level that runs above Hall 2 in the Fira Gran Via Conference Centre. App Planet is described as "a unique area focusing on the latest technology from the fast-moving apps industry," so Apple's presence could be related to promoting the App Store ecosystem or Planet of the Apps. Apple's other upper level spaces appear to be meeting rooms, suggesting the company's presence may not be public facing. This would be unsurprising, given Apple has shifted new product announcements to its own media events. Apple steadily stopped attending trade shows in the late 2000s, including the NAB Show, Macworld, and Apple Expo in Paris, and it has regularly passed on attending CES, the largest consumer electronics show, in Las Vegas. In announcing its departure from Macworld, Apple said trade shows have become a very minor part of how it reaches its customers. For that reason, Apple's public presence at Mobile World Congress is questionable, although still plausible. Apple is reaching more people in more ways than ever before, so like many companies, trade shows have become a very minor part of how Apple reaches its customers. The increasing popularity of Apple’s Retail Stores, which more than 3.5 million people visit every week, and the Apple.com website enable Apple to directly reach more than a hundred million customers around the world in innovative new ways.Should we receive confirmation about Apple's presence at Mobile World Congress, we will update this article accordingly. Update: Shortly after we published this article, Apple was removed from the list of exhibitors. Update 2: Apple told Babel PR it does "not have an official presence at the show," while the show's organizer GSMA told The Mobile Network it can "confirm that Apple will have meeting space at Mobile World Congress, as they have had previously." Tag: Mobile World Congress [ 35 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) diddl14 4 weeks ago Perfect place to launch new Watchbands.. Rating: 7 Votes BrianKonarsMac 4 weeks ago Exec #1: Guys - we're not hitting previous numbers, how do we get more customers!? Peasant: Well, you could update the computer lineup... Exec #2: Who is this idiot? What's old is new again, let's go back to the conventions! Rating: 4 Votes WBRacing 4 weeks ago Eventually even the most successful of companies do have to get off their complacent backsides and champion for more business. Rating: 3 Votes HJM.NL 4 weeks ago It's a desperate move something they should have been doing from the beginning. They feel the heat and pressure from competitors and probably won't have something new to show. Rating: 2 Votes Applebot1 4 weeks ago Perfect place to launch new Watchbands.. Yes, any chance to show off new bands lol Rating: 2 Votes realeric 4 weeks ago It's not a good move... Rating: 2 Votes dan110 4 weeks ago This is a bad sign. I remember why they left several years ago. Basically, they didn't need to attend because their sales momentum was so robust. Rating: 2 Votes Soni Sanjay 4 weeks ago So weird. Rating: 2 Votes bounce08 4 weeks ago iPhone SE 2................? Would be a similar time of the year to when the SE was announced earlier this year. Rating: 1 Votes MacsRgr8 4 weeks ago ('//www.macrumors.com/2016/10/19/apple-listed-2017-exhibitor-mobile-world-congress/') ...which is an oddity given the company's trade show presence has been virtually nonexistent since the company's final appearance at Macworld in 2009... And Apple did that because trade show presence has no added value for such a major company. In the ol' days (before everyone had internet), trade shows gave you an opportunity to show-off your stuff and generally have a nice week. I wonder if this is to underline the Apple and Cisco collaboration (you know, Wifi Fast Lane (QoS), Cisco Spark, etc.) Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories Nonprofit Organizations Now Able to Accept Apple Pay Donations 7 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today announced that nonprofit organizations in the United States are now able to accept accept donations using Apple Pay, allowing donors to send money to various charities more quickly. ... 12 comments Apple Seeds Third Beta of tvOS 10.1 to Developers 7 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today seeded the third beta of an upcoming tvOS 10.1 update to developers for testing purposes, one week after seeding the second tvOS 10.1 beta and more than a month after launching tvOS 10. ... 10 comments Samsung Buying Automobile Accessory Company Harman for $8 Billion 9 hours ago on iOS Blog Samsung Electronics has announced that it will spend $8 billion to purchase Harman International Industries Inc, a company which designs and manufactures connected automobile infotainment... 32 comments Microsoft Launching 'Visual Studio' Coding Platform for Mac This Week 11 hours ago on Mac Blog Microsoft plans to launch its integrated developer environment Visual Studio for the Mac later this week, turning its cloud-first development program into a cross-platform experience that developers... 27 comments iPhone Sales Could Face Major Setback in China if Trump Enacts Trade War 12 hours ago on iOS Blog A collection of companies based in the United States could face "impaired" blowback if President-elect Donald Trump follows through with his campaign plan of imposing a 45 percent tariff on... 149 comments Amazon Music Unlimited Rolls Out Across Germany, Austria, and the U.K. 15 hours ago on iOS Blog Amazon's streaming music service has gone live in the U.K. and will roll out to Germany and Austria later today, according to TechCrunch. Amazon Music Unlimited launched in the U.S. last... 8 comments MacRumors Giveaway: Win a Prize Pack From Satechi With a Laptop Stand, SD Card Reader, Keypad and More 3 days ago on Mac Blog For this week's giveaway, we've teamed up with Satechi to offer MacRumors readers a chance to win a desktop prize package that includes Satechi's Aluminum Portable Laptop Stand, a... 18 comments Crafts Marketplace Etsy Now Accepting Apple Pay on the Web 3 days ago on Mac Blog E-commerce site Etsy, which gives independent crafters a place to sell their wares, today announced that it has begun accepting Apple Pay through both its desktop and mobile websites. Etsy... 7 comments • Apple Honors Veterans Day With New Section on App Store (11) • iPhone Supplier Japan Display Seeks Financing Needed to Shift to OLED Displays (9) • New Filing Confirms Yahoo Was Aware of Large-Scale Email Hack in 2014 (26) • Snapchat's Video Spectacles on Sale via 'Snapbot' Vending Machines (18) • Spotify App Accused of Thrashing Storage Drives With Excessive Data Writes (59) • Apple Starts Approving First Touch Bar App Updates on Mac App Store (51) • Apple Debuts New 'iBooks Storytime' tvOS App With Read-Aloud Books for Kids (11)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'BATMAN - The Telltale Series' Episode 3 Review: Sorry Bruce, the New World Order Sucks 'RETSNOM' Developer Releases Pixelated Point-and-Click Hacking Game 'Replica: A Little Temporary Safety' on iOS 'Kathy Rain' Point-and-Click Adventure Hits Mobile Before Thanksgiving 'Cube Knight' Dual-Stick Shooter Based on King Arthur Legends Now Available How 'Burly Men at Sea' Went From a Concept to a Game Atari Soft Launches 'RollerCoaster Tycoon Touch' in New Zealand AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
null
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 19 AAPL: 117.12 -0.35 Apple to have presence at Mobile World Congress ‘App Planet Exhibition’ next year? Jordan Kahn - 4 weeks ago @JordanKahn Apple View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Update: The listing showing Apple as an exhibitor has been removed. While Apple typically chooses not to have a public presence at the big tech trade shows, the company is listed as an exhibitor for next year’s Mobile World Congress show scheduled for February (via Macrumors). While there aren’t many clues as to what Apple might be doing there, the listing on the MWC website notes the words “App Planet Stand.” The show has a pavilion called the “App Planet Exhibition” that will feature 200 app-specific exhibitors, but it’s unclear what Apple might present at its own booth within. One possibility is a connection to Apple’s much anticipated Planet of the Apps TV show. Back in July, Apple posted an open casting call for the unscripted reality series that will explore how apps are developed. Apple doesn’t usually attend these shows in any official or public-facing capacity, although it does often have employees checking out the competition. Apple hasn’t attended CES, as an example, since John Sculley’s keynote introduction of the Newton in 1992. Back in 2008, Apple announced that it would no longer attend the Macworld conference, the venue where its executives often delivered keynotes addresses. At the time, the company noted that it was “reaching more people in more ways than ever before, so like many companies, trade shows have become a very minor part of how Apple reaches its customers.” blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The people behind Bluetooth are planning some big changes for next year Jeff Dunn Oct. 19, 2016, 3:45 PM 10,467 facebook linkedin twitter email print Sony Bluetooth audio is set for a notable shift, and it could help usher in a new generation of headphones. The ubiquitous wireless standard will move all audio applications onto a new, low-energy radio, called Bluetooth low energy (BLE), by the end of next year, according to Mark Powell, the executive director of the Bluetooth Special Interest Group (SIG). Bluetooth SIG is the industry body that oversees and promotes the development of Bluetooth as a whole. It counts hundreds of tech companies as members, and has the likes of Microsoft, Intel, and Apple on its board of directors. Bluetooth low energy is separate from the “classic” Bluetooth BR/EDR protocol most wireless accessories use today. It was adopted into the Bluetooth standard with the Bluetooth 4.0 spec in 2010, and focuses on consuming less power than the traditional tech. As a result, it’s often seen in peripherals like fitness trackers, which only need to send data back to a source device in small batches. Right now, though, it doesn't have a defined standard for streaming audio. Business Insider/Antonio Villas-Boas The SIG has been working to create an official BLE audio streaming standard for “at least 18 months, if not longer,” according to IHS Markit analyst Lee Ratliff, who characterizes the shift as an “open secret” within the industry. The forthcoming Bluetooth 5.0 update, which claims to quadruple the range and double the speed of low-energy connections, could then be seen as “foundational release,” according to WiFore CTO Nick Hunn, who is helping develop the tech. The idea is for that to set the stage, mostly benefiting Internet of Things (IoT) devices, then layer the audio functionality on top next year. What this change could do The change could bring a few new benefits to wireless headphones and speakers. Since Bluetooth low energy is designed to consume less power, it’d theoretically result in much improved battery life. In a blog post, for instance, Hunn claims BLE audio could enable a smaller headphone like Apple’s AirPods to last for “days, not hours.” Powell said the range updates coming with Bluetooth 5.0 would apply to audio as well. He also noted that a user could stream BLE audio to multiple devices at once. This would make it easier to create a multi-room audio system over Bluetooth, Powell said. Something like that would likely sound worse than a WiFi-based system such as a Sonos, but the new protocol would seemingly allow it to be longer-lasting and more portable. The Samsung Gear IconX are the kind of wireless earbuds that could benefit most from the move. Business Insider/Antonio Villas-Boas Though Powell said the new standard will apply to all audio devices, the biggest benefactor of the change could be fully wireless earbuds like the aforementioned AirPods. Two of the most common technical complaints levied toward devices like those are minuscule battery life and choppy connections. Trading the classic, power-hungry Bluetooth audio profile (dubbed A2DP) for BLE would seem to help with the former. Being able to send that stream to two earbuds simultaneously — instead the usual process of sending audio to one earbud, which then recycles it to the other — would seem to make the latter more reliable. Computers in your ear The underlying idea here is to further enable smart headphones. Earphones like the AirPods or Bragi Dash hint at the concept today, but the coming years are expected to bring a number of devices that aren’t headphones so much as in-ear computers that also play music. Many current "smart headphones" can track fitness stats and utilize digital assistants, as the Dash and others do today, but various audio firms are also working on ways to translate foreign languages in real-time, or use selective noise cancelling that could shut off upon hearing certain keywords (like a name). The Doppler Labs Here One are a modern example of a so-called "hearable." Doppler Features like these would seem to make smart headphones a natural fit for augmented reality devices, which let you see virtual elements on top of the real world. You’d have a computer on your face, and a computer in your ears to go with it. That future is far from reality today, but the audio world is actively working toward it, and major tech firms like Apple have already laid the groundwork for entering the market. Hearables would do a lot of processing, though, so they’d need an efficient connection to stream audio — be it music or a recreation of outside noises — for an extended period of time. The SIG hopes Bluetooth low energy is what will allow for that. “We’re trying to lay down a release that’ll support the next 10 years of audio innovation,” Hunn said. A technical challenge There are reasons to doubt hearables, though, beyond the obvious question of whether or not people will ever accept it as a concept. For one, there are privacy concerns. As Motherboard recently reported, a rise in Bluetooth low energy devices means more opportunities to track users via Bluetooth beacons, which can then be accessed by marketers eager to send you location-relevant ads. The SIG itself touts Bluetooth 5.0 as a way to “further propel the adoption and deployment” of said beacons. Not all beacons are used for surveillance purposes, and it’s possible to opt out of such tracking altogether, but a world where hearables and beacons are prevalent could make it easier for intrusive location tracking to take hold. Flickr/Nicolas Nova Aside from that, there are significant technical challenges to making BLE audio streaming work. For instance, what makes Bluetooth low energy “low energy” is its low duty cycles. It gives devices only a little bit of data at a time, then shuts off to conserve power. Audio, however, streams continuously. Maintaining an efficient connection when there’s no way for that connection to “sleep” is tricky. This focus on lower bandwidth could make it difficult to improve the quality of the audio itself. “The challenge would be trying to stream high-quality audio over that link,” said Jeff Hutchings, VP of product at Skullcandy. “You’d probably need a longer duty cycle, which would defeat some of the power savings. But I know they are working on that. And of course, as they continue to do better modulation and demodulation, and better codecs, I think that’s definitely going to become a possibility in the future.” Amazon Indeed, Powell said a new slate of codecs and digital signal processors (DSPs) will allow BLE to get around its current audio hangups. Still, he also noted that the classic Bluetooth streaming profile will remain, and predicts many future audio devices — particularly lower-cost ones — will continue to use it. The move just furthers the SIG’s effort to consolidate through BLE. Apple has a head start In some ways, the shift to BLE audio could allow other companies to catch up with some of the features Apple has rolled out with its new W1 wireless chip, which allows select Apple and Beats headphones to quickly pair with Apple devices over a special, simplified interface. It also lets them connect with multiple Apple devices simultaneously through iCloud. While the iCloud-specific features are proprietary to Apple, both Powell and Hunn suspect Apple is using its own Bluetooth low energy core and custom codecs to do the smoother pairing. Powell said the SIG is currently working on techniques that’d let the open BLE standard enable a similar sort of fast pairing and connecting, which should come in an update “within the next year or two.” Apple's AirPods. Reuters/Beck Diefenbach Apple also claims the W1 chip uses one-third the power of other wireless chips, allowing for better battery life, but right now the gains aren’t terribly dramatic in context. That’s likely because the AirPods and new Beats headphones still stream audio over the classic Bluetooth profile — that's why they’re able to work with non-Apple devices. Bluetooth 5.0 and up, on the other hand, will require new hardware. All of this suggests that Apple isn’t breaking away from Bluetooth so much as it’s using the W1 to get a jump start on the SIG’s notoriously slow standards approval process. “What Apple didn’t have to deal with was all the politics of the SIG and making a standard that, instead of one company being able to use, hundreds of companies can use,” Ratliff said. “They don’t need a super flexible protocol that does everything; they only need one that does audio.” At the moment, the W1 is proprietary, and Apple is not licensing the tech to third parties. The company did not respond to multiple requests for comment on whether or not this will change going forward. Hollis Johnson/Business Insider The switch to BLE audio could create a more level playing field in the near future, but it’s possible that we’re nearing a situation similar to what Apple does with Lightning today, where companies pay Apple a fee to use a solution that’s more polished on its devices. Both Powell and Hunn said the upcoming Bluetooth update is an extension of work that’s been done with transmitting BLE audio to hearing aids, so it’s worth noting that Apple has already developed a proprietary take on that tech, which the company does license to others. Bluetooth always says it'll get better next year In any case, the move shouldn’t be unexpected. The SIG has put more and more focus on Bluetooth low energy with recent updates, the market for hearables has been bubbling for years, and Apple has always leveraged its vertically-integrated position to move faster than standards bodies allow. Nevertheless, the SIG is hoping Bluetooth low energy will give the next wave of headphones a platform to build upon in earnest. Whether or not it’ll finally work out Bluetooth’s infamous kinks, though, is a question for the future. SEE ALSO: The 10 best wireless headphones for your new iPhone 7 More: Tech Gadgets Headphones Audio Bluetooth bluetooth headphones Wireless Wireless audio Apple W1 AirPods facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The people behind Bluetooth are planning some big changes for next year The people behind Bluetooth are planning some big changes for next year Bluetooth audio is set for a notable shift, and... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
News Computers NETGEAR’s Nighthawk X10 boasts 7.2 Gbps speeds, 10G port, Plex Media Server Find Lost Data for Free With EaseUS Data Recovery Wizard 10 Great 10G Networking Products for Prosumers Next generation Linksys WRT router adds MU-MIMO, AC3200 speeds The new Synology router (RT2600AC) revealed Networking NETGEAR’s Nighthawk X10 boasts 7.2 Gbps speeds, 10G port, Plex Media Server 10 Great 10G Networking Products for Prosumers Next generation Linksys WRT router adds MU-MIMO, AC3200 speeds The new Synology router (RT2600AC) revealed Review: Netgear R8500 Nighthawk X8 Tri-Band Wi-Fi Router Smart Home Review: Schneider Electric Wiser Air Smart Thermostat Denon HEOS multi-room audio platform to get Alexa voice control Samsung introduces new pan and tilt SmartCam PT security camera NETEGAR Arlo Pro smart home camera system will hit the UK in January Introducing Google Home Home Servers Connecting Client PCs to Windows Server Essentials 2016 Installing Windows Server 2016 Essentials (Part 3) Thecus Refreshes Windows Server Essentials Line With W4810 NAS Installing Windows Server 2016 Essentials (Part 2) Installing Windows Server 2016 Essentials (Part 1) Home Cinema Denon HEOS multi-room audio platform to get Alexa voice control Review: Epson EH-TW5210 Full HD Projector Review: Bowers & Wilkins P7 Wireless Headphones Bowers & Wilkins P9 Signature Headphones Unveiled Review: JBL Clip2 and Charge3 Mobile Review: JBL Clip2 and Charge3 Review: Belkin Base for Apple Pencil Review: Belkin PowerHouse Charge Dock for Apple Watch + iPhone Belkin’s Mixit Lightning to USB Keychain Keeps You Connected On the Road Review: weBoost EQO Cell Phone Signal Booster Features Reviews Review: Schneider Electric Wiser Air Smart Thermostat Review: Epson EH-TW5210 Full HD Projector Review: Bowers & Wilkins P7 Wireless Headphones Review: JBL Clip2 and Charge3 Review: Belkin Base for Apple Pencil How to Guides Connecting Client PCs to Windows Server Essentials 2016 Installing Windows Server 2016 Essentials (Part 3) Installing Windows Server 2016 Essentials (Part 2) Installing Windows Server 2016 Essentials (Part 1) Building a Windows 10 Home Server – Anniversary Update Edition is Now Available Unboxing Unboxing: Tenda AC9 Wireless AC1200 Router Unboxed: IcyDock FlexCage Unboxed: IcyDock IcyCube Storage Enclosure Unboxed: Actiontec MyWirelessTV2 Wireless HD Video Kit Unboxed: Actiontec WEB6000Q Wireless Network Extender Forums Store More Subscribe Send a Tip Contact Write for We Got Served About Us CES 2016, Computers, News, Storage 10 Great Thunderbolt 3 Products for 2016 Terry WalshJan 11, 2016, 10:05 amFeb 1, 2016 10 15K shares If you’re a tech enthusiast, you’ll know all about Thunderbolt. It’s a versatile hardware connector that combines high-speed data transfers with audio and video display. First launched in 2011, with the development name Light Peak, Thunderbolt was invested by a partnership of tech luminaries, including Intel, Apple, LaCie and others. The first iteration of the technology debuted on the 2011 Apple MacBook Pro with other Thunderbolt-equipped models following. On the PC side, manufacturers were reasonably slow to adopt Thunderbolt (preferring the lower cost USB 3.0) despite heavy championing by Intel.  The Thunderbolt 2 (Falcon Ridge) standard arrived in 2013, doubling data transfer speeds to 20 Gbps and the connector began to pop up on motherboards from ASUS, Gigabyte and ASRock, alongside PCs from Dell, HP, Lenovo and others. According to Intel, at the end of 2015, over 100 million computers are equipped with the Thunderbolt interface, with more than 250 peripherals on the market. Here we are in early 2016, and Thunderbolt 3 (Apline Ridge) is ready to roll! The latest version of the standard brings a big physical change in the switch the USB-C connector (any USB Type-C cable will work in a Thunderbolt 3 port but you’ll need a Thunderbolt cable to connect to a Thunderbolt 3 device). Speeds are doubled to 40 Gbps, and Intel boasts that you’ll be able to drive dual 4K displays at 60 Hz. With the switch to USB-C (as an Alternate Mode), Thunderbolt 3 ports are power enabled, offering up to 100W charging power for notebooks and 15W to bus-powered devices. Thunderbolt cables are now more versatile than ever, supporting a range of protocols including Thunderbolt itself, DisplayPort, USB and PCI Express. With a wide range of Thunderbolt 3 enabled products on show at CES 2016 in Las Vegas, here are ten that we’re most excited about checking out this year. Razer Blade Stealth & Razer Core If you’re a gamer, you’ll know all about Razer, Inc. Their newly announced Razer Blade Stealth is a beautiful and powerful 12.5″ ultrabook that can hook up to the external Razer Core enclosure over Thunderbolt 3. That brings you desktop class graphics (you can plug in full-length, double-wide PCIe desktop graphics cards) and a host of additional connections including 4 USB 3.0 ports and Gigabit Ethernet. Work or play, it’s got the lot.The Razor Blade Stealth starts at $999, pricing for the Razer Core is yet to be announced. AKiTiO Thunder3 Duo Pro With super-fast data transfer speeds, expect to see a wide range of Thunderbolt 3 storage solutions coming down the line this year. The $389 Thunder3 Duo Pro from AKiTiO is one of the first, boasting transfer speeds up to 770 MB/s while simultaneously providing two 4K video streams to connected displays. That’s 8x faster than USB 3.1 Gen 1 and 4x faster than USB 3.1 Gen 2. It’s a dual-bay RAID enclosure, offering RAID 0 striping, RAID 1 mirroring, SPAN, and Non-RAID. Connectivity is strong, with two Thunderbolt 3 Ports, a USB 3.1 Gen 1 (Type-B) port, and a DisplayPort video output for 4K 60HZ displays. The second Thunderbolt 3 port on the Thunder3 Duo Pro supports Thunderbolt 3, USB 3.1 (10Gb/s), and DisplayPort devices. It’s coming in the first quarter of the year. Dell Thunderbolt Dock PC manufacturers are waking up to the fact that the concept of “mobile” and “fixed” workers is outdated. Nowadays, many of us working in a hybrid style. We may be travelling, but when we touch down to get some work done, many of us need the same capabilities and connectivity as we’d expect at our own desk. Devices like the Dell Thunderbolt Dock seek to address that need. Plug into your notebook and you get benefit from a single data and power source that can drive can drive up to three 1080p displays or two 4K displays at 60 Hz. Add twin USB 2.0 ports and three USB 3.0, VGA, mini DisplayPort, and HDMI sockets, plus DisplayPort and a Thunderbolt 3 port in addition. Best of all, as it adheres to industry standards, it’s not just for Dell notebooks – everyone’s invited. The Dell Thunderbolt Dock ships this month for $299. HP ZBook Dock With Thunderbolt 3 Following a similar theme as the Dell Thunderbolt Dock, in a less chunky (but longer) form factor, the HP ZBook Dock With Thunderbolt 3 also costs $299 and offers a similarly impressive array of connections. Alongside charging capabilities, you can hook up to 10 devices at once through ports that include Thunderbolt 3 (which also supports DisplayPort 1.2 and USB 3.1 Gen 2), four USB 3.0, RJ-45, VGA, combo audio, and two additional DisplayPorts. ASUS ROG XG Station 2 It’s common for bleeding edge tech to land first on gaming rigs and that’s certainly true for Thunderbolt 3. The ASUS ROG XG Station 2 is an external graphics card docking station and although ASUS says it’s “specifically designed for ASUS laptops and graphics cards”, we’re still waiting to hear whether other brands will be locked out. Plug in your laptop (using its USB-C port) and the dock will both charge your laptop and supercharge its graphics capabilities. You’ll need to bring your own graphics card to slot into the XG Station 2 and ASUS has yet to reveal compatibility details and pricing. Acer TravelMate P648 Notebook If you’re in the hunt for a high-tech travel companion, the 14″ Acer TravelMate P648 Notebook is powered by a 6th generation Intel Core processor with support for super-high speed 802.11ad multi-band wireless connectivity. You’ll need a compatible router though, like the newly announced TP-LINK Talon AD7200, which offers combined speeds up to 7200 Mbps. 4 GB RAM supports the processor, upgradable to a massive 20 GB and there’s ample storage space with up to 1 TB hard drives or 512 GB solid state drives. Graphics are handled by NVIDIA GeForce 840M discrete graphics. Thunderbolt 3 support offers ultra-fast data transfer and 4K display connectivity while eight hours of battery life should keep you occupied for the day. The Acer TravelMate P648 Notebook starts at $799.99 and ships in April. Plugable Flagship Thunderbolt 3 Dock  Plugable’s new Flagship Thunderbolt 3 Dock is designed to eliminate the need to continually plug and unplug devices from your notebook or tablet. You can hook up two uncompressed 4K 60Hz (4096 x 2160) displays, three USB 3.0 devices, Gigabit Ethernet, and Stereo audio in/out while keeping your desktop free of clutter. The second Thunderbolt 3 port on the dock operates the same as a Thunderbolt 3 computer port by supporting Thunderbolt 3 (up to 5 daisy chained), USB 3.1 (10Gb/s), and DisplayPort devices. It’ll arrive in Q1 2016.   Plugable Thunderbolt 3 Dual-Display Adapter Meanwhile, the Plugable Thunderbolt 3 Dual-Display Adapter offers a quick and convenient way to hook up multiple displays to your PC. Two versions of the adapters are hitting the market this year. A DisplayPort variant supports the connection of two uncompressed 4K 60Hz (4096 x 2160) monitors. A second, HDMI model offers support for two uncompressed 4K 30Hz (3840 x 2160) monitors. Both are coming in Q1 2016.   Startech.com Thunderbolt 3 to Dual DP Adapter Peripheral and accessory specialist Startech.com is introducing Thunderbolt 3 to Dual DisplayPort Adapter, which they’re calling “the highest resolution and simplest dual DisplayPort adapter ever”. Why? Well, it’s bus powered, does not require additional device drivers, and, for the first time, a dual DisplayPort adapter supports two full uncompressed DisplayPort 1.2 video streams from a single Thunderbolt 3 port (that’s nearly 16 million more pixels than an HDTV, from a single Thunderbolt 3 port). It’s shipping later this quarter.   Startech.com Thunderbolt 3 Cables If you like the look of all these Thundrbolt 3 solutions, you’re going to need some cables to go with them. Startech.com are shipping Thunderbolt 3 cables with USB-C connectors in lengths of 0.5m ($25.99), 1m ($29.99) and 2m ($35.99). Bear in mind, though, that the fastest 40 Gbps connections are only available with the 0.5m cable. Longer lengths result in a speed drop to (a still blistering) 20 Gbps. The Startech.com Thunderbolt 3 Cables are available to pre-order now, and will ship later this quarter. While we’ve seen a swathe of new Thunderbolt 3 products unveiled at CES 2016, we can expect to see many more announced through the year. Thunderbolt may have had a slow start, but with compatible notebooks, gaming rigs, storage devices and accessories now streaming into the market, it looks like the versatile Thunderbolt 3 standard will be popping up everywhere this year. shares Follow Us 2,727Fans 4,220Followers 989Fans 3,746Subscribers 4,727Subscribers 21,058Comments Related News AKiTiO Thunder3 Duo ProAlpine RidgeasusDell Thunderbolt DockFalcon RidgeRazer Blade StealthRazer Corethunderbolt 3 Previous ArticleASUS TUF Sabertooth Z170 S Arctic-Camo Motherboard AnnouncedNext ArticleGE Plug-in Smart Switch (Bluetooth Smart) Terry Walsh Terry Walsh is the founder of We Got Served. He started the community in February 2007 with a mission to help families, tech enthusiasts everywhere figure out the technology needed to run the modern home and small business. He's the author of a number of guides to Windows, Windows Server and OS X Server and runs his own successful publishing business. Born and raised in Liverpool, England, Terry has been awarded Microsoft's prestigious Most Valuable Professional Award each year since 2008 for his work on We Got Served. Joe Pleniukas I’m curious – has anyone seen an adapter to go from Thunderbolt 3 to Thunderbolt 2? Some of these docks have display port slots, but it doesn’t seem like you’d be able to use Thunderbolt 2 peripherals on a machine equipped with Thunderbolt 3 in the usb-c form factor unless I’m mistaken. Terry Walsh Hi Joe – looks like Startech.com has one, but it’s pricey: http://www.startech.com/ca/Cables/thunderbolt-3-cables/thunderbolt-3-usb-c-thunderbolt-adapter~TBT3TBTADAP Shawn Lopez Is it going to be possible to run a display above 60Hz? I am looking to push a single monitor at 3440x1440p at 100Hz but all I see in these docks, hubs and adapters is 4k @60Hz. 3440x1440p is equivalent of 2.5k and typically when there is a refresh rate limitation it is due to the bandwidth limitation of the interface. According to https://thunderbolttechnology.net/tech/faq They say that Thunderbolt 3 is based on the DisplayPort 1.2 specification and can support up to 2 streams (eight lanes) of DisplayPort 1.2 video bandwidth. A single cable now provides four times the data and twice the video bandwidth of any other cable, while also supplying up to 100W of power. One 4K display (4096 x 2160) 30-bit @ 120 Hz I am looking to buy an 18ft or 30ft Thunderbolt 3 optical cable so I can put my gaming rig in an open closet right outside my room to eliminate the heat build up in my room. I live in South Texas and gaming even with the AC on still causes my room to reach the 90’s. Jorge García Great article :), hope my asus r9 290 works with my future laptop! rtd99 Stay away from the Dell Thunderbolt Dock…it does not work very well…Check out all the complaints on the Dell Forum; I bought one, spent hours with Tech service trying to get it working and failed…Will return it…Also Dell’s customer and technical service seems to be deteriorating since taken over by Private Equity… Eugen Where are the damn optical cables for TB3? Those are the single greatest reason to buy into thunderbolt 3, for moving your desktop to the closet. Khürt L. Williams What’s the use case for “optical cables”? Eugen It puts the pc in the closet/attic in a rack with the storage, ups and dead cats. It runs a long TB3 cable to a dock. It now has no noise and ugly boxes in the room. 🙂 actionjh “First launched in 2011, with the development name Light Peak, Thunderbolt was invested by a partnership of tech luminaries, including Intel, Apple, LaCie and others.” I doubt LaCie ever made an investment on Thunderbolt Chipset. Only Apple and Intel, financially. LaCie and others (G-Tech, CalDigit) can be considered first wave developers on the Thunderbolt platform for the device end. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thunderbolt_(interface) This copper-based version of the Light Peak concept was co-developed by Apple and Intel. Apple registered Thunderbolt as a trademark, but later transferred the mark to Intel, which held overriding intellectual-property rights.[7] Marc Elser Stay away from the ZBook Thunderbolt 3 Elite Dock. It’s buggy as hell. Displays blinking, USB ports crashing (freeze), not beeing recognised by the ZBook. And HP is still no able to make it work reliably. I use it daily at work and have to restart my machine about 2-3 times a day because of this. Trending 10 Great Thunderbolt 3 Products for 2016 Jan 11, 2016 Which Hard Drive is Best for Your Home Server or NAS? Sep 26, 2014 NETGEAR's Nighthawk X10 boasts 7.2 Gbps speeds, 10G port, Plex Media Server Oct 19, 2016 Installing Windows Server 2016 Essentials (Part 1) Sep 16, 2016 Building a Windows 10 Home Server Starts Here! May 25, 2015 Latest Review: Schneider Electric Wiser Air Smart Thermostat 12 hours agoOct 19, 2016 NETGEAR’s Nighthawk X10 boasts 7.2 Gbps speeds, 10G port, Plex Media Server 14 hours agoOct 19, 2016 Denon HEOS multi-room audio platform to get Alexa voice control 1 day agoOct 18, 2016 Find Lost Data for Free With EaseUS Data Recovery Wizard 2 days agoOct 18, 2016 We Got Served is an independent publishing company, founded in February 2007. We're here to help you get informed, get excited and get going with the latest technology. Company About Us Contact Write for Us Advertising Our Awards Social     Twitter       Facebook    Forums     RSS © Copyright 2016 We Got Served Ltd. Privacy Policy Competition Terms All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Menu News Reviews How to Guides Forums Store Contact Like it? Share it. Share this post with your friends and followers. shares x Subscribe to We Got Served Get the latest news and reviews from We Got Served in your inbox. Simply add your name and email address below. You can unsubscribe at any time. Subscribe Now! x Send this to friendYour emailRecipient email SendCancel
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. iMessage Users Report Attempted Hacks Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share iMessage Users Report Attempted Hacks October 19, 2016 1:45 pm EST By Ashlee Kieler@akieler messages from an unknown number hack hack attack imessage apple When it comes to trying to breach the data on iPhones, scammy text messages are apparently all the rage. In just the last year, we’ve had the text that could instantly crash an iPhone, and the flaw that allowed hackers to steal your saved passwords with a single text. Now, some Apple users are reporting another possible hack attempt, this time through their iMessage accounts. Mashable reports that Apple users, including one of the publication’s own employees, have been suffering hack attacks tied to their iMessage and Apple ID accounts, both on their computers and smartphones. The issue, which Apple support says is likely an attempt by hackers to steal personal information, began for the Mashable employee when she received a message in her computer’s iMessage account from a foreign number, with a message written in Chinese. A short time later, she says she received a notification that her Apple ID was being used on another device. The only prompt connected to the notification was to click “OK.” Immediately after clicking on the button, her iMessage account was flooded with messages from a foreign number, written Chinese. The Mashable employee changed her Apple ID password, security questions, and contacted Apple support. A rep for Apple said the hack is fairly new and that developers are currently working on a fix. The company was unsure if users’ personal information had been compromised. Still, Apple users on Twitter have been reporting the issue for several weeks. @AppleSupport someone was able to hack my Apple ID from a computer and sent a bunch of messages to Asia pic.twitter.com/uXNzs6oYf9 — Brittany Ann (@pinkorangebritt) October 5, 2016 So is this a hack? My husbands message app looks like this @AppleSupport @Apple pic.twitter.com/OuzBcFpeS5 — theresa cole (@doll__28) October 6, 2016 Someone tried to hack my apple account yesterday. Using my iMessage. Nxa these Chinese!! pic.twitter.com/MJ0lN9e0eu — Hlengiwe Sky Koza (@Hle_K) September 16, 2016 Leave it to the Chinese to hack my iMessage account. Your iPhones ain't safe pic.twitter.com/bw8GGUEcug — Brandon (@BaeKilla) October 3, 2016 Someone from Taipei tryna hack my Apple ID. nice try tho! — aaron (@awxcordNinja) October 3, 2016 Somebody was trying to hack into my Apple ID 🙃 pic.twitter.com/02otBfpZBS — OG tamale king (@Theonetheonlyjh) October 1, 2016 WHO TRIED TO HACK MY ICLOUD OR APPLE ID WHATEVER IN 1:30 AM?!?! — pel (@holykatylin) August 17, 2016 In some cases, Apple Support responded to users on Twitter, pointing to a resource page for those who believe their Apple ID has been compromised. @Chaunster Let's get you taken care of. Check this out: https://t.co/ufbG3Gx5bq Let us know how that works for you. — Apple Support (@AppleSupport) October 18, 2016 iMessage hack floods Apple users with Chinese text [Mashable] October 19, 2016 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler messages from an unknown number hack hack attack imessage apple Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related feeling glitchy More Former iPhone Users Suing Apple, Claiming iMessage “Intercepts” Texts Meant For Android Phones where'd it go? Apple Will Go To Court After Judge Gives Disappearing iMessage Lawsuit The Green Light not happening Judge Denies Class-Action Status For Lawsuit Filed By Former iPhone User Over Lost Texts well That's not good Update Your iPhone Now To Fix Flaw That Can Let Hackers Steal Your Stuff With A Single Text text message limbo Case Of The Missing Text Messages: Apple Claims To Have Fixed iMessage Server Glitch Previous CFPB Previews Appeal Of Ruling That Its Structure Is Unconstitutional Next Man Leaves Ghost-Pepper Eating Contest With Hole In His Esophagus Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Man Leaves Ghost-Pepper Eating Contest With Hole In His Esophagus Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Report: Google will launch a cheap web TV service in 2017, and CBS is already on board Yoni Heisler BGR NewsOctober 19, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Apple's plan to roll out a more affordable TV service may be on hold, but Google apparently is stepping up to the plate with a similar type of offering all its own. According to a new report from The Wall Street Journal, the search giant is planning to roll out a web TV subscription service aimed at attracting users who aren't keen on forking over upwards of $100 for a traditional capable package. DON'T MISS: There might actually be an Android phone faster than Apple’s iPhone 7 Set to debut in 2017, Google already has CBS on board and is close to inking a deal with a number of other content providers, including 21st Century Fox and Disney. The service will reportedly be called "Unplugged" and, much like Apple planned to do, will cost subscribers somewhere between $25 and $40 a month. "The new offering," the Journal adds, "is likely to be separate from YouTube Red, the ad-free subscription offering the company launched last year. A curated portion of YouTube Red videos will be included as part of the skinny TV bundle, one of the people familiar with the matter said." Given Apple's struggles to get its own skinny bundle off the ground, it will be especially interesting to see what Google's final offering looks like. An affordable cable package is certainly an attractive proposition on the surface, but the true value proposition of the service will hinge entirely on the selection of channels available. As for Apple's own TV initiative, the company is reportedly still interested in rolling out a skinny bundle of its own but put those plans on hold due to pricing squabbles with content providers. Trending right now: There might actually be an Android phone faster than Apple’s iPhone 7 These 5 insanely thin iPhone 7 cases are perfect for people who hate iPhone cases T-Mobile fined $7.5 million because it doesn’t understand what ‘unlimited’ means See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech All the Photoshops of this photo of Donald Trump and Barack Obama are perfect BGR News The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Blu-ray Players DVRs and Media players Gadgets Headphones Portable Audio Projectors More Surround Sound Systems TVs Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Gadget News / Should you buy the Apple Watch Series 2? Head-to-Head Should you buy the Apple Watch Series 2? Head-to-Head by Tom Honeyands 19 October 2016 0 shares Read Comments The Apple Watch Series 2 is out now with a brighter screen, faster processor, built-in GPS and waterproofing. But does it make the Apple Watch a must-have smartwatch? Evan Kypreos (@EvanKypreos) and Richard Easton (@ChocoJetpack) go Head-to-Head debating if the Series 2 is much of an upgrade – and whether the new Apple Watch is now the ultimate fitness tracker. Evan says... The Apple Watch series 2 is not only a terrific smartwatch, but a great fitness tracker. The second-generation Series 2 offers a significant upgrade over the original, which I own. The screen is brighter (1000 nits), the new S2 processor makes everything feel snappier, and even the battery life has improved. It's a good two-to-three days before I have to clamber for the charger. It's one of the best fitness trackers, making use of a range of sensors including a heart rate monitor and GPS. Waterproofing means I can take it swimming, too, which is something I wish I could have done on the original. It all adds up to a more refined and enjoyable experience. It's not perfect and it's quite pricey, but I'm a big fan of the Apple Watch Series 2 – you should definitely buy it. Richard says... Apple is definitely targeting fitness enthusiasts with the Series 2 and while it's a solid smartwatch, there are loads of better fitness tracker and wearables on the market. Starting from £369, the new Apple Watch is significantly more expensive than other, arguably better fitness trackers. The Garmin Vivosmart HR, for example, is less than a third the price. There's no doubt the Apple Watch is a great looking watch, and the watchOS 3 software is a joy to use (even if it is still a bit slow), but there are far too many gimmicky features to warrant the high price. The Series 2 is much better than the original Apple Watch, but it's still not worth the high asking price, in my opinion. Related: Best Smartwatch 2016 What do you think? Use the poll below to vote in the TrustedReviews Awards 2016 and be in with a chance of winning an awesome, £2,000 retro arcade games machine! Click here for more details Thanks for watching and we'll see you next Wednesday with your host Tom Honeyands (@TheTechChap) for another Head-to-Head. 0 shares Read Comments Sgoman October 20, 2016, 1:21 am This smart watch is still not very smart in comparison to other smart watches that are currently on the market. The Apple watches face is still off for most of its life, and there is no option to leave the watch face on like other smart watches or regular watches. Also users cannot add watch faces, unlike other smart watches. Even Apples Nike and Hermes watches have different watch faces, but the only way to get a Nike or Hermes watch face, is to purchase another Apple watch. That doesn't seem very smart to me. Well I guess it's smart for Apple, because they will sell more watches. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Digital Tech Firms Dominate 2016 Brand Loyalty Leaders By Paul Ausick October 19, 2016 11:20 am EST Print Email Tweet Of the top 100 product categories and brands in a new ranking of customer loyalty leaders, more than a third (35) are involved in digital technology, social networking brands, or brands that facilitate digital tech or social networking. Of the top 20 firms in the ranking, only four are non–digital technology companies. The ranking is based on a survey by brand consultancy Brand Keys of 72 product categories and 635 brands. The survey included nearly 43,000 consumers ages 18 to 65 who were interviewed by phone (75% of the total) or in-person (20%) and the remaining 5% who assessed brands online. Brand Keys’ founder and president Robert Passikoff said: Consumers haven’t entirely deserted traditional brands. The largest loyalty shifts this year have been in traditional areas like apparel, retail and athletic footwear, which for brands is both a gift and a curse. The top 20 loyalty leaders and the associated categories are: Google from Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOGL): search engines Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN): online retail Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL): tablets Netflix Inc. (NASDAQ: NFLX): video streaming Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ: FB): social networking Apple: smartphones Amazon: tablets YouTube from Alphabet: social networking Amazon Prime Video: video streaming What’s App from Facebook: instant messaging iTunes from Apple: video streaming PayPal Inc. (NASDAQ: PYPL): online payments Dunkin’ Donuts from Dunkin’ Brands Group Inc. (NASDAQ: DNKN): coffee Samsung: smartphones Nike Inc. (NYSE: NKE): athletic footwear Ford Motor Co. (NYSE: F): automotive Uber: rideshare Starbucks Corp. (NASDAQ: SBUX): coffee LinkedIn Corp. (NYSE: LNKD) Zappos from Amazon: online retail Brands that made the biggest moves up the rankings since last year include Starbucks (+22), Ralph Lauren (+19), Nike (+16), LG Electronics (+15), Domino’s Pizza (+15), HBO GO (+15) and Under Armour (+13). Brands that made the biggest moves down in the rankings are Chipotle (-45), Estee Lauder (-34), eBay (-26), Clinique (-21) and Gap (-20). Of the top 100 brands, nine are new to list this year: Airbnb, Line, theSkimm, Buzzfeed, Haagen Dazs, Jack Daniels, Burt’s Bees, Lowe’s and Vanguard. Brands that fell from the top 100 include Ritz-Carlton, W Hotels, Hyatt, Hilton, Neutrogena, Revlon, Macy’s, FIFA and HTC smartphones. The full list is available at the Brand Keys website. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « How Mattel Earnings Will Measure Up to Hasbro Nektar Slides on Secondary Offering Pricing » Read more: Consumer Products, Brands and Products, Research, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN), Dunkin' Brands Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DNKN), Ford (NYSE:F), Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), GOOGL, LinkedIn (NYSE:LNKD), Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX), Nike (NYSE:NKE), PYPL, Starbucks (NASDAQ:SBUX) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Worst Companies to Work For The Most Republican County in Each State 40 Countries the US Government Doesn't Want You to Visit The Net Worth of American Presidents: Washington to Trump The Next 14 States to Legalize Marijuana Recent Major Changes in Warren Buffett & Berkshire Hathaway Stocks: American Airlines, Delta, Kinder Morgan, Walmart, BNY Mellon and More Dynavax, Nokia Tumble into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club UnitedHealth, McDonald’s Lift DJIA Monday Ichor Holdings Gears Up for IPO Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Los Angeles Auto Show Preview: New SUVs From Ford, Jeep, Toyota, and Subaru 3 Reasons Square Loves Larger Sellers Seaspan Corporation Grapples With Overbuilt Cargo Fleets Tepper's Appaloosa sells entire 4.4 mln-share stake in 21st Century Fox during Q3--SEC filing SEC says Mary Jo White to leave at the end of the Obama administration CORRECT: Tepper's Appaloosa buys new 4.1 mln-share stake in Bank of America during Q3--SEC filing JP Morgan Stock is Up 13% Since Earnings, What's Next for JPM? Kilroy (KRC) Picks Adobe as Anchor Tenant for 100 Hooper AstraZeneca's Symbicort Positive in Pediatric Asthma Study A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively Seaspan Corporation Grapples With Overbuilt Cargo Fleets What Happened in the Stock Market Today TransDigm Warns That 2017 Growth Could Slow Dramatically Donald Trump's Conflicts Of Interest Are A Swamp Unto Themselves Dem Seeks Probe Of Donald Trump's Conflicts Of Interest Here's What We Know About Your Retirement Under President Trump Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Wednesday, October 26, 2016  |  Muharram 25, 1438 Business Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism Electronic SIMs will replace tradition SIM cards, above, allowing people to change carriers with an app. Dado Ruvic / Reuters Peter Nowak: ESim tech could see off the mobile phone racket Peter Nowak October 19, 2016 Updated: October 26, 2016 10:38 AM Related Trump fills the empty space that tech created ‘Galaxy, order me a pizza’ – Samsung flagship to feature AI assistant Peter Nowak: Up is down, down is up and Microsoft is Apple Review: Sony’s Xperia XZ smartphone is a winner in the selfie stakes Peter Nowak: Facebook and Twitter may come to regret their grip on consumers’ minds Topics: Smartphones It’s almost time to rejoice – the mobile phone racket is coming to end. Cheaper devices and services are coming soon, thanks to a new technology known as eSim. But before we get to that, let’s discuss the racket itself. Don’t believe you’re overpaying for both your smartphone and monthly wireless service? OK, try this on for size. Imagine if electricity companies also sold toasters. Maybe they’d offer that toaster at a "discount" in exchange for your agreeing to a long-term contract for electricity service. The toaster manufacturers would get in on this too, since the high prices would mean higher profit margins. That’s basically how the smartphone market works. Carriers offer "subsidies" on expensive devices in exchange for consumers signing on to one or two-year contracts. Subscribers believe they’re getting a deal because the phone is cheaper upfront, but carriers charge higher monthly service prices to make up for the subsidies. Manufacturers, meanwhile, rake in hefty profits. It’s why you can buy a brand-new 4K television – sold on the open market at third-party retailers – for less than a new iPhone. Television manufacturers, as a result, typically make profit margins of about 10 or 15 per cent. Apple, which sets the bar for smartphone prices, has had its iPhone margin estimated at a comparatively astronomical 69 per cent. That’s one expensive and immensely profitable toaster. But this run for carriers and manufacturers is coming to an end now that just about everyone who wants a smartphone has one. And those who have them are hanging on to them for longer. Device shipments grew by only 10 per cent last year, a major slowdown from 28 per cent the year before, according to Kleiner Perkins venture capitalist Mary Meeker’s often-cited annual Internet Trends Report. The further trend points nowhere but down. The wireless industry is having to regroup and retool for this new reality. Enter eSims, or embedded Subscriber Identity Modules, set to start replacing regular Sim cards next year. Both chips house the information needed for a phone to connect to a wireless network. But embedded Sims, as their name implies, are not removable. A carrier’s network identification information is simply downloaded and written on to them. The benefits are obvious. Customers will no longer have to go into a carrier’s shop to pick up a new Sim card or wait for it to arrive in the mail. They’ll simply open an app, see which networks are available and at what prices and instantly subscribe. With the ability to easily switch carriers, competition and lower prices are sure to follow. That is bad news for wireless operators. As a recent Morgan Stanley report put it: "The shift puts three profit streams at risk: handset sales, roaming fees and earnings from price-conscious consumers who, under the new model, are more likely to price shop." Manufacturers are already gearing up for this new reality. Apple has been offering its own version of the eSim, the Apple Sim, in some iPad models for a while now. Industry watchers were expecting Apple Sims in this year’s iPhone, but now believe the company is saving them for the device’s big 10th anniversary next year. Along with the iPhone Upgrade Programme – a leasing system in the US, UK and China that lets customers rent new devices every year – the company is shifting away from the old, carrier-centric model of selling phones. As Morgan Stanley said, clever manufacturers such as Apple will be able to benefit from the new paradigm by further cutting wireless operators out of the process. "It also makes it possible to build closer relationships with consumers, which could ultimately shorten upgrade cycles," wrote Katy Huberty, a tech hardware and services analyst. Carriers don’t necessarily have to lose out either, since they also have the opportunity to expand their businesses. Embedded Sims are already starting to pop up in cars, such as Audi’s A4 and Q7, giving passengers the ability to buy data for in-vehicle use. This week at the Gitex tech show in Dubai, Etisalat and the London-based eSim maker QuarkSe are demonstrating an electric car that uses eSim technology. Further, eSims are showing up in wearables such as Samsung’s Gear S2 Classic smartwatch. Progressive carriers will be able to shift to a volume model, where they are selling more data subscriptions for a variety of devices. Greedy and immutable carriers, on the other hand, will instead stick to the old ways of overcharging for phones and services. Any bets on which consumers will choose? Winner of the Week: Google The search company is getting rave reviews for its Pixel smartphone, releasing in five countries today. Reviewers are praising the device, the first designed completely by Google in-house, for its camera and artificially intelligent Personal Assistant. Loser of the Week: Peter Thiel The billionaire and PayPal co-founder doubled down on his support of US presidential candidate Donald Trump with a US$1.25 million campaign donation. That earned him the ire of several fellow Silicon Valley luminaries. Peter Nowak is a veteran technology writer and the author of Humans 3.0: The Upgrading of the Species business@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments Related Trump fills the empty space that tech created ‘Galaxy, order me a pizza’ – Samsung flagship to feature AI assistant Peter Nowak: Up is down, down is up and Microsoft is Apple Review: Sony’s Xperia XZ smartphone is a winner in the selfie stakes More Telecoms Saudi Arabia and Alabbar eye online retail domination with $1bn enterprise MOST VIEWED Business | All Etihad Airways on the lookout for new pilots in Europe Abu Dhabi’s Royal Jet offers VIP alternative to travelling first class Review: Moto Z is a brilliant modular device A380s and Boeing 777s make up Emirates’ entire fleet as it scores a world’s first Head of GE Oil & Gas says oil industry cuts not done yet Dubai’s DWC airport sees passenger traffic soar UAE’s role in the next industrial revolution Saudi Arabia and Alabbar eye online retail domination with $1bn enterprise Korea Line picked to buy collapsed Hanjin Shipping’s Asia-US routes More Most Viewed Hundreds in Dubai turn out for rare supermoon Album review: Hardwired... To Self-Destruct marks more of the same from Metallica American-Iranian political tensions will only escalate Muhammad Surur and the normalisation of extremism Supermoon rises over the UAE and across the Middle East - in pictures Why Netanyahu should fear what the future holds UAE detection stations fully operational after meteor hits Abu Dhabi Andy Murray and Rafael Nadal on course for 2016 Mubadala World Tennis Championship final Iraq’s battle-hardened Golden Division seek their greatest victory in Mosul 2018 Africa World Cup qualifying: Chelsea pair Victor Moses and John Obi Mikel on target for Nigeria More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS India’s currency move will hit property and gold President Trump - What exactly does that mean? Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Leaves of Light to catch the eye at Louvre Abu Dhabi Supermoon starts to light up the sky around the world – in pictures About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 19 AAPL: 117.12 -0.35 Apple & IBM launch first ‘MobileFirst for iOS’ education app, Watson Element Jordan Kahn - 4 weeks ago @JordanKahn IBM View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Since partnering in 2014 to develop enterprise iOS apps under the “MobileFirst for iOS” banner, Apple and IBM have rolled out over 30 apps for various industries. Today the two companies introduced their first MobileFirst education app. The new iPad app, IBM Watson Element for Educators, offers insights on students to teachers, including: “data on interests, accomplishments, academic performance, attendance, behaviors and learning activities.” “IBM and Apple are launching Watson Element to help teachers gain insights into each student’s skills, preferences and interests to transform personalized learning experiences that are unique to all… IBM Watson Element provides teachers with a holistic view of each student through a fun, easy-to-use and intuitive mobile experience that is a natural extension of their work. Teachers can get to know their students beyond their academic performance, including information about personal interests and important milestones students choose to share. For example, teachers can input notes when a student’s highly anticipated soccer match is scheduled…“ When Apple and IBM first announced the partnership, the companies had plans to develop 100 enterprise apps and cloud services, while IBM also started pushing and supporting Apple devices alongside specialized AppleCare plans. The partnership later expanded to IBM distributing and supporting Macs for other companies too. IBM itself has also become the largest enterprise Mac deployment after offering its own employees Macs as an official option starting last year.  IBM notes that Apple will be pushing the new Watson Element app as part of its package of educational offerings for schools. Apple offered an update on some of its other recent education initiatives back in August, noting that its ConnectED efforts have reached more than 32,000 students throughout the United States. The program now provides some form of aid to 114 schools including Apple devices and support. At Apple retail stores, the company recently started piloting a “Teachers Tuesdays” program that sees employees offer free assistance to teachers. In addition, Apple introduced a new Classroom app for iOS back in March, which acts as a teacher/student assistant for assigning tasks, organizing classrooms, delivering teaching materials, and more. Guides IBM View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Sioux Falls, Foss Field Temperature: 7°C Wind: Calm Sunrise: 7:19 am GMT-6 Sunset: 5:01 pm GMT-6 Search Classified Insertion Order Form About New Century Press Index-Reporter New Era Sentinel Tribune West Lyon Herald News Sports Griggs County Courier Obits Sentinel Tribune Obits West Lyon Herald Obituaries Steele County Press Crunch Time Posted October 19, 2016 at 6:34 pm •The WWG elementary students participated in the Great Lakes Apple Crunch By Tom Merchant Sentinel Tribune WWG— Last Thursday afternoon if you heard a loud crunching sound coming from Walnut Grove — not to worry — it was the elementary students participating in the Great Lakes Apple Crunch. According to head cook Michele Freeburg, October is National Farm to School Month. Teachers are incorporating Farm to School in their classroom curriculum high lighting all the locally grown produce used in the school cafeteria. The school also partnered with the University of Minnesota Extension to take part in the Great Lakes Apple Crunch. The Great Lakes Apple Crunch involves schools, hospital, and other organizations across Minnesota, Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana, Michigan and Ohio. More than 40 staff and 240 students will be participating in this event. Alica Whitmore from the Redwood County Extension Office was on hand to talk with the kids giving some fun facts about apples. The Honeycrisp Apple which was developed in Minnesota is the official apple of the state. The average apple has about 5 grams of fiber. Apples are a member of the rose family, who knew? After learning more about the value of apples, students were all given a half of an apple, then they were all asked to crunch a bite of the apple at the same time, joining over a million other students in the Great Lakes. Thus the name – Great Lakes Apple Crunch. The apples provided were a variety called Regent, and they were truly Farm to School as Deb Warner provided the apples from her farm orchard. Tweet Popular stories Lions lose to Mustangs for third time in four meetings Posted October 12, 2011, 6:48 pm Mayport Ice Dawgs win Boys Jr. Gold NDAHA State Championship Posted March 6, 2013, 9:49 pm Hanson and Hackman crowned King and Queen Posted September 11, 2014, 3:57 pm History in the making Posted December 12, 2014, 3:58 pm Christmas spirit in Parker Posted , 3:57 pm Bla New Century Press is proudly powered by Atomic News Tools and WordPress
Share 3 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-14 Joy Anna Duggar Featured In Family Instagram With Baby After Birthday, Jim Bob And Michelle Want Daughter Courting And Engaged? Entertainment 2016-11-14 ‘People’s’ Sexiest Man Alive 2016: Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson Entertainment 2016-11-14 Was Bradley Cooper Really The Only White Guy At The White House BET Party? Dave Chappelle Gets Candid On ‘SNL’ Entertainment 2016-11-14 Jessa Duggar Pregnant, Hides Baby Bump On Seewald Family Blog And Instagram After Jinger Duggar’s Wedding News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-14 Sir Frederick Banting Facts: How The Insulin Miracle Happened News 2016-11-14 New Information On Missing Maryland Student Kaitlyn George, Spotted In Baltimore News 2016-11-14 Final 2016 Election Results: Hillary Clinton’s Popular Vote Lead Continues To Grow, She Likely Beat Donald Trump By More Than 1 Million Votes News 2016-11-14 Why Did Alex Baldwin Not Reprise His Role As Trump On ‘SNL’ After The Election? Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Health 2016-11-13 Constipation And Kidney Disease May Be Linked To Each Other, New Study Claims Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Science 2016-11-14 The New Zealand Earthquake Was So Powerful It Literally Made The Sky Change Color [Video] Gaming 2016-11-14 ‘Pokemon GO’s’ Lapras Event Disturbingly Morbid, But Shows The Game’s Immense Power Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Halo’ 15th Anniversary To Be Celebrated Next Week, Developer 343 Industries Talks Event And Teases Future ‘Halo 5’ Plans Gaming 2016-11-13 ‘Steep’ Beta Opens Up To Everyone November 18 Prior To December 2 Release Date BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Hatchimals Are Must-Have Toys This Holiday Season: How Can You Get Your Hands On One? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 New School Dormitory Doors Vandalized With Drawings Of Swastikas BuzzWorthy 2016-11-13 News Flash – Canada Doesn’t Want You SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Preparing For ‘Storagegate’: Lower Storage iPhones Nearly Ten Times Slower Than Higher Storage iPhones Technology 3 0 0 October 19, 2016 Preparing For ‘Storagegate’: Lower Storage iPhones Nearly Ten Times Slower Than Higher Storage iPhones Jeremy Winslow Reports claim that the entry level iPhone 7 and 7 Plus’, the 32GB models, are significantly slower than the high-end iPhone 7 and 7 Plus’, the 128GB and 256GB models. These reports began surfacing earlier this month, and while Apple’s latest flagship phone has only been out for a little over 30 days, many benchmark and real-world tests seem to prove that the slower speeds are in fact true. Is it too early to dub it “Storagegate”? What’s Happening? It seems the 32GB iPhone 7 and 7 Plus’ are nearly ten times slower than their higher storage capacity counterparts. The slower speed is coming from the phone’s storage, not the A10 chip. It’s unclear what kind of SSD the 32GB iPhone uses, but the write speeds on the 32GB iPhones are much slower than the higher storage variants. In a YouTube video by Unbox Therapy, Lewis runs two tests on two iPhone 7’s, one 32GB and one 256GB. The first test, the “synthetic test,” is a benchmark via an app called Performance Test, which tests a device’s CPU, memory, and storage. The second test, the “real-world test,” is timing how long it takes to transfer a 4.2GB, 1080p movie file (a Star Wars film, for those curious) from a MacBook to both iPhones. What he discovers in the first test is the 256GB iPhone has a write speed that is almost ten times faster than the 32GB iPhone’s. What’s even more shocking is the 256GB iPhone transfers the movie file a minute faster than the 32GB iPhone. What Does This Mean For You? Nothing. Well, actually, it means a lot if you’re a “media head.” If you’re someone who transfers files constantly from your iPhone to your computer and vice versa, you’re going to notice the slower speeds. Whether those are movies, photos, music, and the like, the 32GB iPhone 7 and 7 Plus’ are not going to be conducive for you, especially if your job depends on speed and efficiency. If you don’t necessarily care about transfer speeds and want to get an iPhone at the cheapest price available, then the 32GB iPhone 7 or 7 Plus will do just fine. However, if you care even a little bit, it may be worth spending the extra $100 or $200 to get either the 128GB or 256GB models. A Few Previous “-gates” [Image by Paul Sakuma/AP Images] The iPhone 4 was announced a little more than six years ago, on June 7, 2010, at the annual World Wide Developers Conference at the Moscone West in Apple’s backyard of San Francisco, California. Although the handset was lauded as “the best device of its class” by tech columnist Walt Mossberg, and initial reception was more than positive, early complaints by some users about the device’s inability to keep calls began to arise. If you touched the lower left edge of the phone—one of two locations where the antennas are placed—calls would drop in areas of lower signal reception. This became known as “Antennagate,” a much-derided name constructed by the late Steve Jobs in an attempt to satirize the real frustration of consumers and name the problem for the world to use when entering an Apple store for a possible solution. The only solution, unfortunately, was releasing another handset, thus the iPhone 4s. With the release of this device, “Antennagate” was no longer a thing, but it is still remembered as a first-world-problem that did occur. ???? didn’t know the iPhone 6 had the bend feature #bendgate @AppleSupport @Apple pic.twitter.com/3vVxcr2eI8 — Alex Kunar (@alex_kunar) October 6, 2016 The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus’ were announced a little more than two years ago, on September 9, 2014, at the World Wide Developers Conference. Once again, tech columnist Walt Mossberg called this device “the best smartphone you can buy,” and early reception for Apple’s newest handset was overwhelmingly positive. However, much like the iPhone 4 four years prior, some users were complaining about the device bending while in their pockets. This became known as “Bendgate,” something consumers and media pundits used to describe the iPhones bending issue. With the device in your front pocket, it would bend as you walk or sit, sometimes moderately, other times excessively. In some cases, the bend never caused disruption with the usage of the device, but with the more excessive bends, the device would be rendered unusable, and Apple stores would issue a new handset to those with such cases. With the release of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, Apple addressed the weakness in their aluminum construction and strengthened the chassis so the bend wouldn’t happen. [Image by Julie Jacobson/AP Images] The iPhone 6s and 6s Plus’ were announced a year after the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models, on September 9, 2015, at the World Wide Developers Conference. The Verge’s Nilay Patel called the iPhone 6s “the best phone on the market,” and reception for the handsets were crushingly positive (as with almost every iPhone). Similar to the iPhone 4 five years prior and the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus a year prior, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus’ had an issue with their chips. Specifically, Apple seemed to use two different processors in the different devices, one developed by Samsung and the other developed by Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC), with the Samsung one running hotter and using more battery life than the TSMC one. This became known as “Chipgate” by consumers. Apple responded to this controversy by saying there should have been no real difference between the two chips, pointing to a two or three percent variance. Unfortunately, the internal tests conducted by Apple did confirm the rapid battery life depletion and hotter handset in the Samsung variant of the chip. There haven’t been too many complaints about it, and Apple hasn’t issued any sort of world-wide replacement for users experiencing issues; however, Apple did seem to address the problem with their latest iPhones. Even still, with this slower write speed, it seems “Storagegate” will be added to the list. You can watch Lewis’ video above. [Featured Image by Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP Images] Now Watch This: Paralyzed Monkey Walks Again After Implant Now Read This: Toyota Settlement: Automaker Agrees To Pay $3.4 Billion Over Rust Disputes Share 3 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Jeremy Winslow Tags: #Bendgate, Apple, iphone, iPhone 4 Comments LATEST HEADLINES ‘Alaskan Bush People’ Renewed: Season 6 Renewed, But There’s A Catch Miley Cyrus And Liam Hemsworth’s Wedding Called Off Again? She May Not Be Wife Material Top Instagram Model Kendall Jenner Deletes Social Media Account Andy Cohen Responds To Criticism He Let Bullying, Violent Alcoholics Take Over ‘RHOC’ And ‘RHONY’ Sir Frederick Banting Facts: How The Insulin Miracle Happened ‘Westworld’ Renewed For Season 2, Will Likely Return To HBO In 2018 President Obama: Gwen Ifill, Trump Transition, Commitment To NATO [Breaking, Video] Michael Jackson Grandchild On The Way? Secret Son Is Expecting A Baby Taylor Swift Ditches Pop Sound For ‘Hip-Hop And R&B’ Album ‘Duck Dynasty’ Feud: John Luke And Sadie Robertson At Odds Over ‘Dancing With The Stars’ Opportunity Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 50.4k 0 0 Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 226.2k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 26.9k 0 0 Mike Pence Confirms Trump Presidency Will Abolish Birth Control Mandate And Transgender Bathroom Protection 78.2k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 22.3k 0 0 Forget Mars, Trump Wants NASA To Visit Jupiter’s Moon Europa And Explore The Solar System 10.4k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 9.7k 0 0 Recent Headlines Miley Cyrus And Liam Hemsworth’s Wedding Called Off Again? She May Not Be Wife Material 0 0 0 Andy Cohen Responds To Criticism He Let Bullying, Violent Alcoholics Take Over ‘RHOC’ And ‘RHONY’ 0 0 0 Michael Jackson Grandchild On The Way? Secret Son Is Expecting A Baby 0 0 0 Taylor Swift Ditches Pop Sound For ‘Hip-Hop And R&B’ Album 4 0 0 ‘Duck Dynasty’ Feud: John Luke And Sadie Robertson At Odds Over ‘Dancing With The Stars’ Opportunity 2 0 0 Sammy Watkins Delayed Return Leaves Bills Fans, Fantasy Owners Worried 8 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.

Latest News Dow 18,869 +21.03 +0.11% Nasdaq 5,218 -18.72 -0.36% S&P 500 2,164 -0.25 -0.01% 7:47 P.M. ET Giuliani Discusses How to Implement President Elect Trump’s Ideas 7:39 P.M. ET Trump reportedly seeking top-secret security clearance for his kids 7:34 P.M. ET Veteran Journalist Gwen Ifill Dead at 61 7:11 P.M. ET Trump-induced carnage in Treasurys spells trouble for stock market 6:59 P.M. ET The Problem With Gourmet Burgers? Delivery Challenges 6:48 P.M. ET Fed’s Lacker says rates may rise faster under Trump presidency 6:42 P.M. ET Bannon’s Critics: Alt-Right is Wrong for White House 6:41 P.M. ET President Obama Details Transition in Press Conference 6:39 P.M. ET FriendFinder breach may have exposed 412 million users’ data 6:20 P.M. ET Google to block its ads from fake-news sites 6:18 P.M. ET 'Mars': National Geographic Network's Moonshot 6:04 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 6:06 P.M. ET Updated David Einhorn’s Greenlight Capital reduces stakes in Apple, GM, buys U.S. Steel 6:04 P.M. ET Updated SEC chief Mary Jo White announces plans to leave 6:02 P.M. ET Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment 5:47 P.M. ET Updated Deutsche Bank raises S&P 500 year-end target after postelection rally 5:35 P.M. ET George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors 5:31 P.M. ET Updated Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin speak by phone 5:19 P.M. ET Financial services industry is at risk to get even whiter 5:15 P.M. ET David Tepper's hedge fund buys new stakes in Apple, Bank of America and Facebook Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Top 6 Vendors in the Video Services Market from 2016 to 2020: Technavio By Published: Oct 19, 2016 2:03 p.m. ET Share LONDON, Oct 19, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Technavio has announced the top six leading vendors in their recentglobal video services marketreport. This research report also lists 24 other prominent vendors that are expected to impact the market during the forecast period. In 2015, the global video services market was valued at USD 62.65 billion, and it will grow at a CAGR of 24.34% to reach USD 186.2 billion by 2020. Video streaming services allow viewers to view videos or any digital content free of cost. One of the popular online platforms for video streaming services is YouTube, which allows viewers to watch, rate, share, and give feedback about videos. Most often, video streaming services are interactive, and content providers can measure its popularity by counting the number of views. More than 60% of the marketing professionals confirm that video advertising through an online platform is the most effective form of marketing and it gives the highest ROI. However, viewers prefer to watch advertisements that are not longer than 15 seconds. Short and innovative video ads attract a larger number of viewers. Competitive scenario The global video services market is highly competitive because of the presence of many large players. Intense competition and increasing technological advances are significant risk factors for vendors. Vendors are competing based on features, technology, video quality, and price. During the forecast period, the competition will become more intense as vendors adopt advanced technologies to gain competitive advantages. “Vendors are investing in planning, designing, developing, acquiring new players, and expanding existing facilities. Technological innovations and creativity play a significant role in driving the market growth. To sustain in the competitive market, vendors have to develop new ideas and technologies and stay up-to-date with the emerging technologies that could influence the service lines,” says Ujjwal Doshi, a lead media and entertainmentservices analyst from Technavio. Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=53797 Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Top six video services market vendors Amazon.com Amazon.com also offers Amazon Prime, an annual membership program that includes unlimited free shipping of various items, access to unlimited instant streaming of various movies and TV episodes. It also offers new, refurbished, unique, and used products in various categories that include music, video games, sports and outdoors, electronics and computers, and books. With Amazon Prime membership, the user has an option to purchase video subscriptions to Starz, Showtime, and other streaming entertainment channels through Amazon Video. They also have access to Prime Video titles. Apple Apple offers video services through Apple OTT, VOD, and live streaming on iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac, and PC with HTTP live streaming technology by Apple. The company has a strong operational network, which is inclusive of more than 425 retail stores in 14 countries and online stores over 50 countries. The company invests heavily in R&D to develop the world's most innovative products and solutions. Google Google offers online VOD services through Google Play Movies and TV. A viewer can watch movies and TV online through the Google Play website or the app offered by Google Play Movies and TV for iOS, Android, and Roku. As of 2015, the VOD service offered by Google Play Movies and TV was available in 102 countries, whereas TV shows were available in a limited number of countries, including Canada, the US, the UK, Germany, France, Austria, Australia, and Japan. Hulu Hulu broadcasts a range of TV shows, movies, and other telecasts for viewers. In July 2015, it offered free trials of its showtime programs to viewers for a period of 30 days. The company intends to launch an ad-free subscription service, which will allow viewers to watch the show without any interruption. Apple Watch also offers remote control services for Hulu, allowing for easy navigation. Netflix Netflix operates through three major business segments: Domestic streaming, international streaming, and domestic DVD. The revenues of domestic and international streaming segments are generated from video streaming on a monthly membership basis. The revenue of the domestic DVD segment is realized from the monthly membership fees for services that include DVD-by-mail. As of December 2015, the company served more than 50 million streaming members, in more than 75 countries, providing over 1 billion hours of TV shows and movies per month. YouTube Most of the content on YouTube is uploaded by individual users. Media corporations such as CBS, Vevo, Hulu, and the BBC offer their material with the help of YouTube, as a part of the YouTube partnership program. In addition, a free-to-view option provided by YouTube is another major reason for its growing popularity, and most of its revenue is generated through the ad-supported business model. Browse Related Reports: Global Electronic Home Video Market 2016-2020 Global Digital Video Content Market 2016-2020 Video Streaming Market in China 2016-2020 Do you need a report on a market in a specific geographical cluster or country but can’t find what you’re looking for? Don’t worry, Technavio also takes client requests. Please contact enquiry@technavio.com with your requirements and our analysts will be happy to create a customized report just for you. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161019005439/en/ SOURCE: Technavio Research"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@Technavio Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate News Celebrities renege on their pledges to move out of U.S on the back of Trump win View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Barron's Next Dear President-Elect Trump, a millennial wishlist View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Samsung to Quickly Compensate Top Note7 Suppliers While Leaving Customers with Home Damage in the Lurch | Main | Apple and IBM have launched their First MobileFirst App for Education Called 'Watson Element' » October 19, 2016 Home Automation: Apple Keeps their Eye on the Prize   When Apple's CEO Tim Cook spoke with NBC's Brian Williams back in 2013 about the future of TV, Cook noted that TV was a "market that we see that has been left behind. I used to watch the Jetsons as a kid. I loved the Jetsons. We're living the Jetsons with this [holding up an iPhone]." Well, Apple's been working for some time now to make Home Automation a reality with HomeKit and they want to take that Jetsons vision to where it all begins: when building new homes. Greg Joswiak, Apple's vice president of product marketing stated for a Bloomberg report that "We want to bring home automation to the mainstream, and the best place to start is at the beginning, when a house is just being created."   Inside this four-bedroom stucco house in Alameda, California, Kaiserman, president of the technology division at construction company Lennar Corp., was pitching a vision of a home controlled via iPhone or iPad.   In a darkened master bedroom, David Kaiserman stood in shirtsleeves next to a turned-down king bed. "Good morning, Siri," he said to the iPad in his hand, and the lights went on while the blackout shades retracted. Siri then added that "Your home is ready to rise and shine."   The Bloomberg writer adds, "tap your iPhone and AC/DC's 'Back in Black' will come blasting on. Another tap could run you a bath a blissful 101 degrees. Sweet, right? Of course, your dad might view it as a bit over the top. All told, $30,000 worth of gadgets and gizmos were on display here, many run with Apple's free HomeKit app.   As iPhone sales growth slows, Apple is teaming up with a handful of builders and using these kinds of test beds to inch its way into the market for Internet-connected home furnishings, a nascent field that has attracted rivals like Alphabet Inc.'s Google and Amazon.com Inc.   The gamble is that pricey wireless home devices will be an easier sell when bundled into the home itself. Builders market granite countertops and brushed-nickel fixtures at thousands of models homes across the U.S. So why not start selling video doorbells" and other next-gen in-home features that will make home buys drool all over that new hardwood floor?   Though at the end of the day, we're truly a far way off when home builders around the world will automatically include new HomeKit styled home automation features into most of their homes. This is certainly a long range project at Apple that will certainly pay off over time if they continue to deliver features consumers want and that Home Builders could easily implement and more importantly, sell. With the economy in a long standing rut for most, adding $20,000 to $50,000 to a new home right now isn't going to move the property. No, for now it's a rich man's (oops, rich 'person's') game.   It's without a doubt a long evolutionary ride into the home step by step. Apple's Siri is on our iPhones, iPads, Apple TV and even our Macs. It's part of CarPlay for handsfree operation. Next up will likely be a move into every room with an Amazon Echo or Google Home-like device that Apple has leaked they've been working on for over two years now. This will be a big leap into our homes so that we cozy up speaking to Siri about anything, anywhere.   Apple will at some point likely work with Hollywood to get Home Automation by Siri firmly set our minds so that we can all marvel at it's value. Or perhaps Schiller and Joswiak could work on a new weekly Apple TV series focused on a modern Jetsons home life with Siri. Ya, I could see Cook smirking with that twinkling in his eye. For now, you could read more about this in Bloomberg's report.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on October 19, 2016 at 11:22 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung Aggressively Gets into Apple's Face with Moves into AI and Telematics with Harman Acquisition Chinese State Publication Warns President Elect Trump that any Tariffs on Chinese Goods Would be bad News for Apple Microsoft, Apple and Google Aim to Extend Touch Technologies to a World of new Devices and Applications Samsung sets their Eyes on a Revolutionary Holographic TV Lest we Forget: Remembrance and Veterans Day 2016 Samsung Reconsiders Foldable Smartphones as Fear of another Market Blunder Weighs Heavily on the Company Apple Supplier Japan Display may get one last Government Bailout to help it Shift to OLED Why is Samsung Racing to launch their first Foldable Dumbphone? Apple Updates 'Glass Fused Device Housing' Patent by shining a light on a Possible Illumination Feature Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile

Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Top 6 Vendors in the Video Services Market from 2016 to 2020: Technavio 19.10.2016 | 20:03 (3 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Top 6 Vendors in the Video Services Market from 2016 to 2020: Technavio Technavio has announced the top six leading vendors in their recentglobal video services marketreport. This research report also lists 24 other prominent vendors that are expected to impact the market during the forecast period. In 2015, the global video services market was valued at USD 62.65 billion, and it will grow at a CAGR of 24.34% to reach USD 186.2 billion by 2020. Video streaming services allow viewers to view videos or any digital content free of cost. One of the popular online platforms for video streaming services is YouTube, which allows viewers to watch, rate, share, and give feedback about videos. Most often, video streaming services are interactive, and content providers can measure its popularity by counting the number of views. More than 60% of the marketing professionals confirm that video advertising through an online platform is the most effective form of marketing and it gives the highest ROI. However, viewers prefer to watch advertisements that are not longer than 15 seconds. Short and innovative video ads attract a larger number of viewers. Competitive scenario The global video services market is highly competitive because of the presence of many large players. Intense competition and increasing technological advances are significant risk factors for vendors. Vendors are competing based on features, technology, video quality, and price. During the forecast period, the competition will become more intense as vendors adopt advanced technologies to gain competitive advantages. "Vendors are investing in planning, designing, developing, acquiring new players, and expanding existing facilities. Technological innovations and creativity play a significant role in driving the market growth. To sustain in the competitive market, vendors have to develop new ideas and technologies and stay up-to-date with the emerging technologies that could influence the service lines," says Ujjwal Doshi, a lead media and entertainmentservices analyst from Technavio Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=53797 Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Top six video services market vendors Amazon.com Amazon.com also offers Amazon Prime, an annual membership program that includes unlimited free shipping of various items, access to unlimited instant streaming of various movies and TV episodes. It also offers new, refurbished, unique, and used products in various categories that include music, video games, sports and outdoors, electronics and computers, and books. With Amazon Prime membership, the user has an option to purchase video subscriptions to Starz, Showtime, and other streaming entertainment channels through Amazon Video. They also have access to Prime Video titles. Apple Apple offers video services through Apple OTT, VOD, and live streaming on iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Mac, and PC with HTTP live streaming technology by Apple. The company has a strong operational network, which is inclusive of more than 425 retail stores in 14 countries and online stores over 50 countries. The company invests heavily in R&D to develop the world's most innovative products and solutions. Google Google offers online VOD services through Google Play Movies and TV. A viewer can watch movies and TV online through the Google Play website or the app offered by Google Play Movies and TV for iOS, Android, and Roku. As of 2015, the VOD service offered by Google Play Movies and TV was available in 102 countries, whereas TV shows were available in a limited number of countries, including Canada, the US, the UK, Germany, France, Austria, Australia, and Japan. Hulu Hulu broadcasts a range of TV shows, movies, and other telecasts for viewers. In July 2015, it offered free trials of its showtime programs to viewers for a period of 30 days. The company intends to launch an ad-free subscription service, which will allow viewers to watch the show without any interruption. Apple Watch also offers remote control services for Hulu, allowing for easy navigation. Netflix Netflix operates through three major business segments: Domestic streaming, international streaming, and domestic DVD. The revenues of domestic and international streaming segments are generated from video streaming on a monthly membership basis. The revenue of the domestic DVD segment is realized from the monthly membership fees for services that include DVD-by-mail. As of December 2015, the company served more than 50 million streaming members, in more than 75 countries, providing over 1 billion hours of TV shows and movies per month. YouTube Most of the content on YouTube is uploaded by individual users. Media corporations such as CBS, Vevo, Hulu, and the BBC offer their material with the help of YouTube, as a part of the YouTube partnership program. In addition, a free-to-view option provided by YouTube is another major reason for its growing popularity, and most of its revenue is generated through the ad-supported business model. Browse Related Reports: Global Electronic Home Video Market 2016-2020 Global Digital Video Content Market 2016-2020 Video Streaming Market in China 2016-2020 Do you need a report on a market in a specific geographical cluster or country but can't find what you're looking for? Don't worry, Technavio also takes client requests. Please contact enquiry@technavio.com with your requirements and our analysts will be happy to create a customized report just for you. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161019005439/en/ Contacts: Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com © 2016 Business Wire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 1:49pm Tue 15 November Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Tennis Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox First headphone jack, now USB port: New MacBook set to be unveiled next week By James Titcomb 11:25 AM Saturday Oct 22, 2016 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Apple Inc Technology Apple has not significantly updated the MacBook Pro for over four years. Apple is preparing to launch new Mac computers next week, but may controversially ditch the traditional USB port. The long-awaited refresh to the company's suite of computers, including the MacBook Pro, MacBook Air and iMac, will be unveiled on Thursday October 27, the technology website Recode reported. The event is reportedly set to be held at Apple's Cupertino headquarters, rather than the San Francisco auditoriums it traditionally holds iPhone launches at, suggesting it may be a more low-key event. However, interest is still likely to be high. Apple has not significantly updated the MacBook Pro for over four years, and rumours suggest the new model may include intriguing features such as a touchscreen display at the top of the keyboard instead of the standard function keys. The screen's "virtual keys" would change depending on what program is being used - music controls in iTunes, but editing functions when word processing, for example. It may also do away with the traditional USB port in favour of USB-C, a newer standard that does not support standard "USB-A" cables or sticks. The USB-C port, pictured above, is smaller and more rounded than the traditional socket. While it is not the first time Apple has done this - last year's 12-inch MacBook had just the one USB-C port for charging and connections - getting rid of traditional USB on the more workmanlike MacBook Pro may prove unpopular. According to Macotakara, a Japanese website with a strong track record on Apple products, the new MacBook Pro will feature two ports - USB-C and Apple's own Thunderbolt port. It is likely that the laptop would charge via USB, making the only available port while plugged in the Thunderbolt. Continued below. Related Content Just following orders? Yahoo broke trust Juha Saarinen: Apple Pay lands smoothly in NZ The Big Read: Samsung's smartphone brand takes beating from Note 7 fiasco However, interest is still likely to be high. Apple has not significantly updated the MacBook Pro for over four years, and rumours suggest the new model may include intriguing features such as a touchscreen display at the top of the keyboard instead of the standard function keys. The screen's "virtual keys" would change depending on what program is being used - music controls in iTunes, but editing functions when word processing, for example. Apple is also reportedly set to unveil a new 13-inch MacBook Air that will follow in killing the traditional USB port, making the standard redundant on its computers. Despite the slow rise of USB-C, the standard USB port is still widely used, including on Apple's own chargers for its iPhones and iPads, and while customers can buy adapters that convert USB-C to standard USB, or allow for multiple ports, it is likely to prove controversial. Apple notoriously removed the headphone jack on the iPhone 7, giving users headphones and an adapter that connect via the lightning port that is used to charge the phone. - Daily Telegraph UK By James Titcomb Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Roger Moroney: The seasons of fire and rain This week's literary lecture is titled 'Fire and Rain'...which I suppose is quite fitting… Hawke's Bay Today First chick hatches at Cape Kidnappers The first chick of the Bay's great gannet colony has hatched, albeit a few weeks early… Bay of Plenty Times New Tauranga foodbank boss sets new goals A new chairwoman has taken over the reins at the Tauranga Community Foodbank. Board… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Volkswagen T-Roc to appear next year Volkswagen to introduce a new crossover SUV to its Golf range next year Viva Where to go: Augustus Bistro, Ponsonby Chris Rupe of SPQR fame has transformed a Ponsonby icon into a new restaurant, Augustus… True Commercial RECENT DEALS for November 12 Recent Deals More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2016, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf03 at 15 Nov 2016 13:49:23 Processing Time: 598ms
Sections Search the print archives Sections This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Google’s Pixel perfect plan The new Google Pixel smartphone, shown with the company's Google Home smart speaker.  (Eric Risberg/The Associated Press)   By Raju MudharTech Reporter Wed., Oct. 19, 2016 Sometimes, if you want to beat someone at their own game, you have to play by their rules. That’s the take-away from Google’s recent spate of hardware products, easily seen with its new Pixel, available for sale on Thursday. It’s the first phone the company has designed from the ground up, and the search-engine giant has taken a page from Apple’s book. The Pixel is really good as an Android smartphone, and great as a showcase for Google’s software, and what can happen when the company tries to optimize both to work together. And along with other products the company announced a few weeks back, such as Google Home — a smart speaker that can answer queries and play music — and Google Wifi — a new modular router system — Google wants you to buy into its ecosystem, and stay for a while. Apple’s strategy has always been that walled garden, the closed-off operating system and series of products that work well together. Google, meanwhile, focused on software, and was the much more open competitor. That approach worked well for the company; Android is the most popular mobile operating system in the world, and Google works with many partners, offering a huge variety of products. Article Continued Below The problem is that the open approach has led to fragmentation. While the latest versions of Android are slick operating systems, how the software upgrades depends on your device, and is often left up to the carriers. With the Pixel — similar to Google’s Nexus line — users are promised that they will get software upgrades when Google provides them. The phone itself is a showcase device designed to take on the premium players out there, the iPhone in particular. A perfect example of that approach is an included adapter that makes it quick and easy to switch over from an iPhone; that works well, but the fact that the adaptor is included in every box shows that Google truly hopes people will make the move. The Pixel is also in the same price range as the iPhone, with the 32GB version starting at $899 and the XL 32GB starting at $1,049. (In Canada, Apple’s 32 GB iPhone 7 starts at $899, while the iPhone 7 Plus 32GB is $1,049. At this point, though, most people have made their decisions between Apple and Android, and their preference is likely about more than just the phone. It’s about the other stuff they bought to work nicely with that phone. It’s the ecosystem. If you care about apps, Apple still wins, while Google hopes that its artificial intelligence expertise — and using the all the data it has gathered about you to help its personal Assistant — will be the differentiator that keeps you there. Google CEO Sundar Pichai pitched this concept as the beginning of creating a “personal Google” for each person. At this point, Assistant feels slightly smarter than Apple’s Siri, and there were a couple of cool moments with Google’s helper: it can quickly answer queries from the web, recognize and offer to automatically schedule events, and give a handy daily briefing. Some services like OpenTable work with Assistant, but others like Uber don’t yet. There are times when it can get frustrating, but it’s still early days. Google’s plan has been about using what it learns about you, and acting on it. That used to mean serving up ads based on your search queries. Now, by getting serious about hardware, including the new devices like the smart speaker, they can be everywhere that you are. It’s a step toward the idea of pervasive computing, where no matter the device, the benefits of technology are available all around us. For Google, that’s a plan that starts with the Pixel. Pixel XL Review Design decisions: It looks a bit like an iPhone, although it has straight edges on the side, making it easier to grip than Apple’s curved design. There are no buttons on the front, and there’s a fingerprint scanner on the back, copying something that LG phones have been had. It feels like a premium phone but, other than a back panel, nothing stands out. Samsung still wins on design. The basics: The three most important things in a phone are the screen, the camera and the battery. All three are very good here. The long-lasting battery got me through two business days, and the quick-charging works very well. It has a gorgeous 5.5-inch screen. The camera is very good, with great video stabilization, although to me the iPhone 7 Plus is slightly better. Google’s services: I like Google Assistant and am still testing its capabilities. There are great automated moments, and it is very good at search and web queries. I also like Google’s Duo, the FaceTime competitor that also works across Android and iOS. And if you use Google Photos, the cloud-based service backs up your pictures, you can think about getting the smaller 32 GB version. The switch-over: iPhone users can quickly switch over email accounts, text message and photos simply by plugging in an adapter to the Pixel. It was surprised at how well it worked. Now if there was a way for the apps you bought on one platform to cross the divide. A few knocks: There are really only two issues with this phone. First, it is lacking in water resistance, which has become fairly standard on premium devices. And it is expensive. But it is still an excellent phone that deserves a spot at the table near its premium phones competitors. Read more about: Google The Morning Headlines NewsletterDelivered daily to your inbox. Sign up More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 11°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Michael Moore relishes gadfly role as Trump era looms It took the ascendance of one consummate showman, Donald Trump, to bring out another, Michael Moore. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: U.S. Election Trump Fact Check Blue Jays Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2016 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
null
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Xiaomi Air 12 Laptop Review Beau Hamilton Tech Video Producer | October 19, 2016 5 shares 4 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0               For those of you in the states, you may not have heard of Xiaomi. It’s a massive Chinese company that I like to refer to as the “Apple of China,” as they are very well known in China and they make high quality products. The company recently released a series of laptops that take aim at Apple’s MacBook. This is the Xiaomi Air 12. And before I get started with the review, I want to thank GearBest.com for sending this unit out to me from China for review. I was very curious to get my hands on this device, and so I sent them an email and they delivered. Now, you can purchase the Xiaomi Air 12 from GearBest.com for a little less than $600. However, it’s important to note that the device ships with Windows 10 in Chinese. So you’re going to need to reinstall Windows 10 in English if you’re an English speaker. It’s really not very difficult, all you need to do is install via a USB drive and then install all the drivers. I’ll leave a link in th description to a forum that walks you through the steps. Let’s take a look at the build. The Air 12 is a stunning laptop that is beautifully simple. It features a rigid aluminum build construction with very little curves. The only logo on this laptop is the small "MI" underneath the display. Where Apple plasters a logo on the front of the MacBook and other laptops of theirs, Xiaomi decided to keep the front clean so that you can plaster whatever stickers or wraps that you’d like. I commend them for doing that. A neat touch is the ability to lift open the display with one finger. That is a big selling point for me and I’m not really sure why. I just look for that in my computers. In terms of ports, there is a USB-Type C port and an USB 2.0 port on the right hand side. The left side features a full-sized HDMI port and 3.5mm headphone jack. As the name implies, there is a 12.5” full HD ips display with very thin bezels. The display is very bright and vivid with good black colors. The only major cons are that it can be a bit glossy and it’s not touch screen. The trackpad is about average in size, it’s not terribly small but it’s also not huge like on the MacBook. It’s a comfortable size. It does feature multi-touch so you can pinch to zoom. The very top of the pad is solid, so you can not click it like on the MacBook, which features force touch that actually replicates a click even though nothing is physically moving. Overall, the pad feels well built. It’s way better than HP’s trackpads but not quite up to par with Apple’s. The Air 12 is running Windows 10 Home. Since I reinstalled the OS, I removed all the bloatware. There’s not a ton of bloatware to begin with, but the cleaner the software the better in my opinion. Windows 10 runs well on this machine but it could be faster. The Air 12 comes equipped with an Intel Core m3- 6Y30 processor with 4GB DDR3 RAM and a 128 SSD. For browsing the web and reading textbooks, the Xiaomi Air 12 will be perfect for you. That is what it’s designed to do. But don’t plan on editing 4K footage or playing graphic intensive games. You’ll want to look for something with a little more power. What’s neat about the Air 12 is that in addition to the HDMI, full-sized USB 2.0 and USB-C ports, it features Bluetooth 4.1 and 802.11 Wi-Fi. There’s even a 1MP webcam. It’s clearly not the best, it’s able to record at 720p at 30fps. But for the occasional Skype call it’s totally adequate. One of the most important features of a laptop for school especially is the keyboard. And the keyboard on the Air 12 is one of my favorite features. The keys are very tactile, there’s plenty of travel and feedback. My main laptop is the MacBook and while I have adjusted to the butterfly keys, they’re not my favorite. These keys are like clouds in comparison. They’re soft and puffy and they’re a pleasure to use. When compared to a MacBook Pro, there’s not quite as much travel, but the keys themselves are slightly larger which is nice. The keys are backlit as well. The battery is a non-removable 37 Watt hour battery that Xiaomi says can last 11.5 hours on a single charge. I’m not sure what kind of conditions they set to achieve that time, because I didn’t get close to that number. In my testing, I was able to get around 5-6 hours of use per charge. I could get more juice out of it if I were to further dim the display and turn of Bluetooth and activate energy saver mode, but I like to work comfortably and I’m usually always near an outlet. One of my biggest complaints is with the speakers. Sound appears to be outputted from the center of the laptop near the keyboard and trackpad, which as you can imagine doesn’t sound good. This is one area where the MacBook and MacBook Pro will outperform this machine any day of the week. So the Xiaomi Air 12 is a great laptop. For $500 or $600 give or take, I can absolutely recommend this machine for high school or college students who are looking for something portable, with plenty of power to run productivity apps like Chrome, PowerPoint, Excel, and Microsoft Word. The downside is this laptop is from Xiaomi, a Chinese company. You will need to reinstall the OS, so if you’re not very tech savvy, I wouldn’t suggest you buy this laptop. But if you are interested, I’ll leave a link in the description to purchase the laptop via GearBest.com. They are a reputable source; they sent me this laptop in great condition -- I have no complaints. It’s not every day we review laptops here on PhoneDog, so if you enjoyed this video I’d appreciate a thumbs up. I’ll do my best to answer any questions you may have in the comments. As always, I’m Beau HD from PhoneDog.com, I hope you enjoyed this video thank you for watching/reading and I’ll see you in the next one. Xiaomi Air 12 via GearBest.com: https://goo.gl/NFc052  Convert Xiaomi Air 12 Chinese To English: http://en.miui.com/thread-338431-1-1.html Videos Microsoft Windows 10 Review Xiaomi Air 12 Xiaomi Previous ArticleGoogle Pixel XL Unboxing and First Impressions Next ArticlePlayStation VR Unboxing and First Impressions Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Google Pixel XL Unboxing and First Impressions New MacBook Pro: 12 Things You Should Know! Google Pixel XL: 15+ Android 7.1 Nougat Features MacBook Pro (13-inch 2016) Unboxing! View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes: Unlimited Messages: 500 Data: Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 6 days 7 hours ago 7 shares 4 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 LeEco Le Pro3 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 3 days ago iPhone 7 Review: One Month Later! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 20 hours ago 10 shares 6 2 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 MacBook Pro (13-inch 2016) Unboxing! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 2 days ago 10 shares 6 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 19 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Huawei Nexus 6P 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 7 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG G5 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 Plus 1 Votes Apple iPhone 7 1 Votes HTC 10 19 Votes More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 12 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 3 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Huawei Nexus 6P Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG G5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T Stream Saver will AT&T's prepaid GoPhone AT&T boosts GoPhone data AT&T launches Cuba roaming and AT&T to begin offering cracked Two more replacement Galaxy Note AT&T reportedly thinking about Sprint News HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5 Sprint teaming up with Google to Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Sprint launches unlimited data HTC Bolt shown off in leaked Sprint and Best Buy are the latest LG V20 launching at Sprint on T-Mobile News Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge may Buy one T-Mobile Galaxy S7, get a T-Mobile SyncUp Drive launching T-Mobile announces Galaxy Note 7 Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 T-Mobile expands Google Pixel 7 weird and unique smartphone Verizon Wireless Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet shown Verizon launching two new prepaid Motorola and Indiegogo teaming up Verizon eliminates two of its Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Verizon says no 128GB Pixel XL in PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple just released iOS 10.1 beta 5 to everyone, developers and public Chris Mills BGR NewsOctober 19, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share For the second time this week, Apple has released another beta of iOS 10.1. The fifth beta seems to be a much larger update, at 1.95 GB. Registered developers and anyone already on the public beta stream can download the update as an over-the-air fix right now. DON'T MISS: There might actually be an Android phone faster than Apple’s iPhone 7 The beta released today appears to only be for the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. This, combined with the fact that it's the second release this week, means it might just be a fix for the same cellular connection bug as Apple patched for iOS 10 earlier this week. The easiest way for both registered developers and public testers to download the update is over-the-air. If your device is already running an iOS 10 beta version, you should see it in the Software Update menu in Settings. Otherwise, you should head to Apple's website and download the configuration profile. iOS 10.1 has already been in beta for a few weeks. The most notable change in iOS 10.1 is the Portrait camera feature for the iPhone 7 Plus, which allows you to blur the background and create a bokeh-like effect when shooting people or dogs. Trending right now: There might actually be an Android phone faster than Apple’s iPhone 7 Samsung accused of not wanting to pay after exploding Note 7s caused serious damage These 5 insanely thin iPhone 7 cases are perfect for people who hate iPhone cases See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech All the Photoshops of this photo of Donald Trump and Barack Obama are perfect BGR News The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network

Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Apple is working with homebuilders to make smart houses from scratch Kif Leswing Oct. 19, 2016, 12:54 PM 5,400 facebook linkedin twitter email print Apple Apple is teaming up with homebuilders to integrate its technology into new houses to boost its Home app that works with smart home goods like internet-connected doorbells, deadbolts, and window blinds.  Apple is working with companies like Lennar Corp, KB Home, and Brookfield Residential Properties to build and test these "Apple houses," according to a report from Bloomberg, although there's no timeline for these houses to go on sale to the public. The idea is that it's much easier to build a new smart home from scratch rather than retrofitting an existing home.  To be clear, these houses are not being built by Apple. They're being built by professional homebuilders, which all have different approaches to the smart home. But Apple is helping the companies understand the HomeKit platform, the various vendors who are making HomeKit products, and its security features.  Model houses already built have as much as $30,000 of Apple-compatible gadgets in them. Apple doesn't actually make the smart home goods, for example, a "smart deadbolt" is made by Schlage. Where Apple comes in is that it's providing software to integrate various home automation products together. One example of why people might want an Apple house: they can tell Siri, Apple's voice assistant, to say, turn on the lights, or get the coffee maker started, or unlock the door even when they're miles away.  Apple's Home app. Apple Customers who live in houses fitted out with HomeKit, Apple's smart home platform, will be less likely to switch from Apple's ecosystem. After all, if an Android phone doesn't work with your doorbell, you might just decide to stick with an iPhone. For home builders, they're hoping that Apple's coolness can help them sell properties in new subdivisions in a housing market that's stuck in neutral.  Apple currently sells a variety of HomeKit products on its website. HomeKit is part of Apple's MFi licensing program, which certifies products like charging cables as well. Greg Joswiak, Apple's vice president of product marketing, told Bloomberg that Apple wants "to bring home automation to the mainstream." SEE ALSO: This startup is building a $500 tablet that's only for photos NOW WATCH: Here's how Donald Trump can function on barely any sleep — and why you shouldn't copy him Loading video... More: Apple Smart Home facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Apple is working with homebuilders to make smart houses from scratch Apple is working with homebuilders to make smart houses from scratch Apple is teaming up with homebuilders to... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Black Friday Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Apple Seeds Fifth macOS Sierra 10.12.1 Beta to Developers and Public Beta Testers Wednesday October 19, 2016 11:13 am PDT by Juli Clover Apple today seeded the fifth beta of an upcoming macOS Sierra update to developers and public beta testers, just over one week after seeding the fourth beta and a month after releasing the new macOS Sierra operating system to the public. macOS Sierra 10.12.1 beta 5 can be downloaded from the Apple Developer Center or through the Software update mechanism in the Mac App Store for those who already have an earlier 10.12.1 beta installed. macOS Sierra 10.12.1 appears to focus on bug fixes and under-the-hood performance improvements to address issues that have been found since the operating system’s release, and it’s also likely adding features designed for next-generation MacBook Pro models set to be released later this year. Few outward-facing changes were discovered in the first four betas, but it 10.12.1 does include Photos support for the new iPhone 7 Plus Portrait feature introduced with iOS 10.1. New features discovered in the fifth 10.12.1 beta will be listed below. macOS Sierra is a significant update that brings features like Siri support, a new storage optimization option, cross device copy paste, auto unlocking with the Apple Watch, and more. For full details on macOS Sierra, make sure to check out our roundup. Related Roundup: macOS Sierra [ 66 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) Dydegu 4 weeks ago macOS Sierra 10.12.1 appears to focus on bug fixes and under-the-hood performance improvements to address issues that have been found since the operating system's release, and it's also likely adding features designed for next-generation MacBook Pro models ('//www.macrumors.com/2016/09/28/late-october-macbook-pro/') set to be released later this year. Don't even give them the option. Change that to next week. Rating: 9 Votes pentidoes 4 weeks ago For the love of god please fix the issue with external 4K monitors (Dell P2415Q in my case) not turning on when connected to a closed rMBP on a restart and then not allowing the built in screen to turn on when opening it, causing a hard reboot with the screen open. Worked great in all versions of El Capitan.. Absolutely agree. Asus here, same problem. And not just that: * flickering screen, * buggy video controls, * sudden resets, * BEACHBALLS, * software that stopped for working (for no apparent reason), * slow behaviour, * iTunes before that was way snappier (don't get me started on the stupid hearts-system where one state cannot be accessed in playlists). * iTunes Backups from iPhone cannot be saved "no disk space" (with 230GB available), * Word cannot save temporary files anymore - and crashes, * Bluetooth automatically disconnects - reconnects - disconnects. * Cannot use the Apple Watch to unlock, as I have several iPads, including an old one which will stop working once I activate two-way authentification... * losing WiFi * Safari cannot open webpages (Firefox can) * Lightroom crashes when converting to DNG ... all of this worked with Mavericks and stopped with Sierra. Thank you, Apple. The list is so long, I have regretted updating my system and I will certainly never ever again update my computer, once the last service update has come along. Sierra has been a disappointment all along. Phew... Has Apple forgotten that people actually work with this OS and depend on its reliability. Have they forgotten that this was the reason we chose to invest money? I love Apple. I hate what it has become. Rating: 7 Votes otternonsense 4 weeks ago I hope they've fixed all the Safari bugs and glitches. Rating: 7 Votes meaning-matters 4 weeks ago Picture doesn't look like invitation; not interested. Rating: 5 Votes CheesePuff 4 weeks ago For the love of god please fix the issue with external 4K monitors (Dell P2415Q in my case) not turning on when connected to a closed rMBP on a restart and then not allowing the built in screen to turn on when opening it, causing a hard reboot with the screen open. Worked great in all versions of El Capitan.. Rating: 4 Votes justperry 4 weeks ago My ipad is not finding the update. I got Beta 4 the other day but it says up to date now. I even restarted it. Did the ipad not get Beta 5? Haha, this is MacOS.:p Rating: 4 Votes shareef777 4 weeks ago Don't even give them the option. Change that to next week. Yep, after all the posts about the 27th I'm a bit shocked that they'd say 'this year'. Makes me wonder if there's any truth to the 27th or if it's just click bait. Rating: 3 Votes Jeddd1 4 weeks ago Try holding the Shift key (=Safe Boot) while starting up. Thanks - Tried that - no go. Then Pulled out the backup drive cable. Fixed! Rating: 3 Votes ProMacs 4 weeks ago My ipad is not finding the update. I got Beta 4 the other day but it says up to date now. I even restarted it. Did the ipad not get Beta 5? iPad doesn't run MacOS Rating: 3 Votes MacBird 4 weeks ago The progress bar issue during installation has been fixed in this build. Rating: 3 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories Nonprofit Organizations Now Able to Accept Apple Pay Donations 7 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today announced that nonprofit organizations in the United States are now able to accept accept donations using Apple Pay, allowing donors to send money to various charities more quickly. ... 12 comments Apple Seeds Third Beta of tvOS 10.1 to Developers 7 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today seeded the third beta of an upcoming tvOS 10.1 update to developers for testing purposes, one week after seeding the second tvOS 10.1 beta and more than a month after launching tvOS 10. ... 10 comments Samsung Buying Automobile Accessory Company Harman for $8 Billion 9 hours ago on iOS Blog Samsung Electronics has announced that it will spend $8 billion to purchase Harman International Industries Inc, a company which designs and manufactures connected automobile infotainment... 32 comments Microsoft Launching 'Visual Studio' Coding Platform for Mac This Week 11 hours ago on Mac Blog Microsoft plans to launch its integrated developer environment Visual Studio for the Mac later this week, turning its cloud-first development program into a cross-platform experience that developers... 27 comments iPhone Sales Could Face Major Setback in China if Trump Enacts Trade War 12 hours ago on iOS Blog A collection of companies based in the United States could face "impaired" blowback if President-elect Donald Trump follows through with his campaign plan of imposing a 45 percent tariff on... 149 comments Amazon Music Unlimited Rolls Out Across Germany, Austria, and the U.K. 15 hours ago on iOS Blog Amazon's streaming music service has gone live in the U.K. and will roll out to Germany and Austria later today, according to TechCrunch. Amazon Music Unlimited launched in the U.S. last... 8 comments MacRumors Giveaway: Win a Prize Pack From Satechi With a Laptop Stand, SD Card Reader, Keypad and More 3 days ago on Mac Blog For this week's giveaway, we've teamed up with Satechi to offer MacRumors readers a chance to win a desktop prize package that includes Satechi's Aluminum Portable Laptop Stand, a... 18 comments Crafts Marketplace Etsy Now Accepting Apple Pay on the Web 3 days ago on Mac Blog E-commerce site Etsy, which gives independent crafters a place to sell their wares, today announced that it has begun accepting Apple Pay through both its desktop and mobile websites. Etsy... 7 comments • Apple Honors Veterans Day With New Section on App Store (11) • iPhone Supplier Japan Display Seeks Financing Needed to Shift to OLED Displays (9) • New Filing Confirms Yahoo Was Aware of Large-Scale Email Hack in 2014 (26) • Snapchat's Video Spectacles on Sale via 'Snapbot' Vending Machines (18) • Spotify App Accused of Thrashing Storage Drives With Excessive Data Writes (59) • Apple Starts Approving First Touch Bar App Updates on Mac App Store (51) • Apple Debuts New 'iBooks Storytime' tvOS App With Read-Aloud Books for Kids (11)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'BATMAN - The Telltale Series' Episode 3 Review: Sorry Bruce, the New World Order Sucks 'RETSNOM' Developer Releases Pixelated Point-and-Click Hacking Game 'Replica: A Little Temporary Safety' on iOS 'Kathy Rain' Point-and-Click Adventure Hits Mobile Before Thanksgiving 'Cube Knight' Dual-Stick Shooter Based on King Arthur Legends Now Available How 'Burly Men at Sea' Went From a Concept to a Game Atari Soft Launches 'RollerCoaster Tycoon Touch' in New Zealand AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Tue, Nov 15, 2016 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Review: Apple Watch Series 2 – same looks, slightly better performance The second generation of Apple’s Watch is a bit faster, has GPS and is waterproof Ciara O'Brien   The Apple Watch 2: A faster chip, faster graphics processing, added GPS and a waterproof rating make the Series 2 the obvious choice if you’re a newcomer to Apple’s wearable. Product name: Apple Watch Series 2 Price: €449.0 Where to buy: online Website: apple.com Wed, Oct 19, 2016, 16:39 First published: Wed, Oct 19, 2016, 16:30     When Apple unveiled its Watch in 2014, it was after months of anticipation. And while the Apple device got some good reviews, there were still some people holding back, anticipating the second generation would bring a much-improved device. In a way, it has. There has been no change to the design of the watch, apart from the dropping of its Gold Edition version in favour of a much more attainable – though still eye-wateringly expensive – ceramic option. The review model provided by Apple was a rose gold 38mm watch with a nylon band. It looks similar enough to the last generation, with the heart-rate monitor on the rear of the watch, and a touch-sensitive colour screen. The digital crown is back again to help you navigate the options on the watch. Side by side, you’d find it difficult to pick out the new generation device. Could sleep problems be a thing of the past with Sense? MacBook Pro gets overdue update Review: Dyson 360 Eye – robot vacuum cleaner with hefty price Review: PlayStation VR – immersive gaming within reach Artificial Intelligence judges court cases with 79% accuracy A camera that’s a smartphone or a smartphone that’s a camera? Apple links up with Nike for new version of Watch Fuze fights to bring back the jack to iPhone 7 Oculus brings virtual reality closer to home Rather, the changes to Apple Watch Series 2 are on the inside. A faster chip, faster graphics processing, added GPS and a waterproof rating make the Series 2 the obvious choice if you’re a newcomer to Apple’s wearable. It’s still an Apple exclusive, so if you’re an Android phone user, you’ll have to look elsewhere. Because it’s now water-resistant, you can take it swimming, and Apple has added new activity options to reflect that. I’m not a swimmer, but I gather that if you were, the ability to track your pool and open water workouts is a welcome one. It uses the accelerometer to track laps, distance and calories, but not the GPS function, and it also warns that the heart rate function may not work accurately in the water. Water droplet When you’ve had the watch in water, there’s only one thing you need to do: eject it from the speaker. Swipe up on the watch face and you get the usual menu that allows you to put the watch into do not disturb mode, set it to silent, see what battery life you have left and ping your iPhone if it’s gone awol. There’s a new addition: the water droplet. Press this and you’ll be prompted to turn the digital crown to clear water from the watch’s small speaker. It plays a sound that will forcibly expel any droplets. It’s kind of fascinating. It’s not the only thing Apple has added. Breathe, which is for meditation and stress relief, prompts you to take a minute or two out to follow its guided meditation. That’s a Watch OS3 thing rather than a Series 2 creation, though, so owners of the original Watch can also get it when they update their software. So is the series 2 version faster? Yes, but it’s still not as speedy as you might like. Apps still take their time to load, though some are better than others and it’s a marked improvement from the first generation of the watch. If you are expecting a massive shift in speed, you might find this falls short of the mark. But, side by side with the original watch, it definitely performs better. Officially, battery life is still the same. But I found that the Series 2 Watch lasted a bit longer than its predecessor. Perhaps it was down to the quicker-loading apps; perhaps I just didn’t fiddle with it as much during the day. But I got a little more than a day’s use out of it on several occasions without the dreaded “battery reserve power” notification popping up. With the original, I struggled to get to the end of the day. You still can’t really use it for sleep tracking, though – not unless you want to remove it partway through the day to charge it. The good: Two things make the Apple Watch Series 2 a good move if you have yet to make the move into wearables: the built-in GPS and its water resistance. It makes the device far more versatile and means you aren’t always tethered to your phone. The not so good: There’s little difference in design, so if you weren’t a fan of the original version, there isn’t much to tempt you here. There’s also the price to take into account, which is a significant investment for something that may end up being replaced in a year’s time. The rest: Although the new hardware means better performance, you may still notice a bit of lag on the Watch apps. It’s definitely improved over its predecessor, though. The verdict: If you have yet to make the jump into Apple Watch, the Series 2 is the place to start. Wed, Oct 19, 2016, 16:39 First published: Wed, Oct 19, 2016, 16:30     Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Agribusiness & Food Greencore shares rise sharply on news of $746m acquisition in US Work Lucy Kellaway: I don’t want my employers to feel my pain English Soccer Bastian Schweinsteiger begins talks over move to Chicago Business Sensors help police curb gang violence in Cape Town Sponsored Newbridge Silverware builds ambitious plan for US market My Jaguar F-Pace: ‘I was completely blown away’ Ten things to consider when buying a new sofa Power up your company's pension plan ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business Irish firms more worried about Brexit than British counterparts 00:01 Investors focus on Trump’s infrastructure spending plans 23:07 Cantillon: To spend or not to spend – FF seem to want it both ways 19:49 Court to fast-track legal challenge to Apple data centre in Athenry 19:25 Cantillon: Irish pension savers cautiously watch bond markets 19:18 ADVERTISEMENT Tech Tools Could sleep problems be a thing of the past with Sense? Tech Tools: ‘Sleep pills’ that aren’t, and a glowing orb that controls everything. Welcome to the future MacBook Pro gets overdue update Tech Tools: Touch Bar replaces function key in new model Review: Dyson 360 Eye – robot vacuum cleaner with hefty price Tech Tools: Dyson’s device can be controlled remotely via app and has 360-degree camera Review: PlayStation VR – immersive gaming within reach Sony’s virtual reality system requires add ons but offers ease, comfort and interaction Most Read in Business 1 The bond rout and Irish pension savers: what you need to be aware of 2 Ireland’s GDP figures: Why 26% economic growth is a problem 3 Irish firms more worried about Brexit than British counterparts 4 Irish long-term interest rates surge above 1 per cent 5 Court to fast-track legal challenge to Apple data centre in Athenry 6 Ireland makes flurry of deals with Vietnam 7 Starting out on your own: nine things NOT to do 8 Paul Krugman: US election rigged against Hillary Clinton 9 O’Flynns sue Nama over alleged leak of information 10 Trump’s plans won’t damage US investment in Ireland, Noonan says Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Web Log Mac App Store now facing strong competition San Francisco hosts world’s first convention for emoji fans Study links moderate Facebook use to living longer Web Log: Social media users ‘worn out’ by US politics chatter Weblog: Twitter messes with your timeline (again) Game Reviews Pokemon Go Review   Gotta catch ‘em all? Be prepared for the long haul Gordon Ramsay Dash   If you can’t stand the heat... Preview: EA’S UFC 2   Step into the Octagon Tearaway Unfolded   Big screen debut for Atoi & Co Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Dating Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Tue 15/11/2016 News US Election Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Dating Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 19 AAPL: 117.12 -0.35 9to5Toys Last Call: Nomad Apple Watch Band $32, HooToo Travel Router $30, Withings Health/Fitness Sale, more Trevor Daugherty - 4 weeks ago @trevorjd14 Deals View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: FABRIQ is an Alexa-enabled speaker with AirPlay, Bluetooth and more for just $50 You can grab a high-end 13.3-inch MacBook Pro w/ Retina Display for $1,470 (Reg. $1,799) The Garmin vívoactive Touchscreen iOS/Android Smartwatch (refurb) is down to $85  VUDU now offers its new free ‘Movies On Us’ Digital Streaming Service on iOS/Android, more The Kobi electric robot-mower will also rake your leaves and shovel snow Recreate Buckingham Palace with one of LEGO Architecture’s kits (780-piece) for $36 (Reg. $50) Get purified Brita water on-tap at home w/ this faucet filter system for just $15 (Reg. $22+) Green Deals: Switch to LED bulbs with this four-pack from Philips for $9 (Reg. $15), more Amazon is offering the Hercules Metal Folding Chairs for just $22 each (Reg. $30+) Nomad’s just-released Vulcanized LSR Silicone Strap for Apple Watch has a classic look & high-quality materials: $32 shipped (Reg. $40), more The HooToo TripMate Elite is an 802.11n wireless router, 6000mAh battery and charger for $30 Prime shipped (Reg. $38) A variety of Withings smart health & fitness devices just received sizable price drops: Smart Body Analyzer $120, more Pick up Apple’s entry-level 13-inch Retina MacBook Pro for $1,030 shipped (Reg. $1,299) This refurbished first gen Apple Watch Sport 38mm is down to only $160 shipped (Orig. $349) Grab a 1st Gen. 42mm Apple Watch Sport in Space Gray for $219 shipped (Orig. $399) Apple offers 50% off top tier games on the App Store: BADLANDS 2, Monument Valley, Sword & Sworcery & many more Get up to 70% off a load of Rockstar Mac games today: Grand Theft Auto Trilogy for $9 Minecraft Story Mode goes free for the first time on iOS & Android (Reg. $5) App Store Free App of the Week: Shadow Bug and its ninja action go free for the first time (Reg. $4) The Best Console Game Releases for October: Mafia 3, Gears of War 4, Battlefield 1, Dark Souls 3 DLC and more Today is your last chance to win Mophie’s new Hold Force accessory lineup for iPhone 7 wp.me/p1xTlR-WBf https://t.co/ncWjRknCjl— 9to5Toys (@9to5toys) October 19, 2016 MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Add Samsung’s best-selling 1TB Internal Solid-State Drive to your Mac for $270 shipped (Reg. $310) Smartphone Accessories: AUKEY Quick Charge 3.0 Car Charger for $15, more Games/Apps: Pokémon Y from $25, iOS freebies, more Save up to 20% on gift cards w/ email delivery from Toys R Us, Kohl’s, JCPenney, more Motorola Cable Modem (Refurb) $55, Mophie Juice Pack for iPhone 5/5s/5SE $10, more Save up to 75% in PUMA’s annual Private Sale w/ free shipping across the board The XYZprinting da Vinci Jr. 3D Printer is down at its Amazon all time low: $234 (Reg. $300+) Amazon Fiesta Kitchenware sale: Utensil Set w/ Crock $30, much more MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: CaseCrown iPad Pro (9.7- or 12.9-inch) folio cases in a variety of colors from $6 Prime shipped Ringke iPhone 7 & Galaxy cases (multiple styles/colors) for $4 Prime shipped (Reg. $10+) Put a Speck CandyShell Grip Case on your iPhone 6/s for $8 or 6/s Plus for $10 Prime shipped (Reg. $20+) Luvvitt iPhone 7/Plus cases/screen protectors (multiple colors/styles) from $4.50 Prime shipped (Reg. $13) Amazon announces new Family Vault Acer’s 14-inch Chromebook for $269 Samsung 1080p Smart HDTV for as little as $290 Samsung SmartThings: Home Monitoring Kit $200, more Seagate Hard Drive: 4TB Portable $105 AUKEY SoundTank Bluetooth Speaker $35, more 25% discount on a year of Hulu: $6/month or $72/year Anova’s Wi-Fi  Precision Cooker $169 (Reg. $199) Up to 20% off gift cards: Lowe’s, Cabela’s, more Moto G4 Play 16GB 4G smartphone $65 (Reg. $85+) Best selling Philips Sonicare now $20 (Reg. $25+) Culina Bamboo Cutting Board from just $10 (Reg. $15+) Vac/mulch all your leaves: WORX Electric TriVac for $80 PlayStation Flash Sale with digital tiles from $1 Snow Joe 18-inch 15A Electric Snow Blower $140, more FoodSaver Premium 2-in-1 Food Sealing System: $162 Grab a one-year Sam’s Club Membership for $25 LEGO Ideas Doctor Who Building Kit: $53, more OnePlus 2 64GB 4G LTE Smartphone $240 (Reg. $300) Synology Disk Station 4-Bay NAS: $336 (Reg. $500) Apple AirPort Extreme 802.11ac Wireless Base Station (cert. refurb) drops to $100 Pick up the GoPro HERO4 Silver Action Camera (refurb) for $234 (Orig. $400) Jaybird X2 Sport Bluetooth Headphones for $80 (Reg. $100) Amazon 2016 Holiday Toy List 6-pack Philips LED Light Bulbs $15 (Reg. $25), more JBL Synchros Chrome Edition Headphones $99 (Orig. $300) NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Kiën Light brings Philips Hue-like connectivity to its fashionable LED strips The Misfit Phase is a stylish analog smartwatch that blends the line between old and new school Auxillite combines Lightning and 3.5mm ports in a slim adapter for iPhone 7 Ping Pong FM will DJ your music based on how you hit the ball Leica’s new limited edition M-P Grip camera has a bright and bold design Mag-Lev Audio’s Levitating Turntable lets your vinyl float in the air as it plays Ding is the smart home doorbell for the design-conscious techie Samsung’s new smartphone-connected kitchen appliances aim to simplify your meals Cassia Hub turns your Bluetooth speakers into a SONOS-like whole home audio system The Beatles Yellow Submarine LEGO set comes with John, Paul, George and Ringo Minifigs Guides Deals View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 19 AAPL: 117.12 -0.35 Apple releases iOS 10.1 beta 5 for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, & macOS Sierra 10.12.1 beta 5 Greg Barbosa - 4 weeks ago @gregbarbosa macOS iOS 10.1 macOS Sierra 10.12.1 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has just released the fifth iOS 10.1 beta, marking the second developer beta released this week. iOS 10.1 includes the Portrait camera for iPhone 7 Plus that applies a DSLR-like blur effect over photos using the dual lens system. The iOS 10.1 beta 5 is a larger download, weighing in at 1.95 GB. The beta is available to registered developers and public beta testers. Apple has also pushed out the beta 5 for macOS Sierra 10.12.1. iOS 10.1 beta 5 Today’s iOS 10.1 beta is one of the larger of all the beta releases we have gotten thus far. The release notes for beta 5, once again don’t note any new fixes in this build. This behavior has been consistent for the past few betas of iOS 10.1. iOS 10.1 beta 4’s release notes hadn’t noted any fixes, but with beta 5’s large file size we are expecting to see at least some notable changes. We’ll continue to update at the bottom of the post if we do. Today’s beta could include the iOS 10.0.3 cellular connectivity fixes we saw earlier this week. Portrait mode is a feature that was demonstrated at Apple’s keynote earlier this month, but the major new feature wasn’t ready for primetime when the iPhone 7 Plus initially launched. Portrait still isn’t in the release versions of iOS, but developer and public betas released last month include a beta version of the feature which works well already. Aside from Portrait mode, we noted the changes includes in the first beta last month: There’s a new toggle setting in Accessibility called Auto-play Message Effects. This is related to Reduce Motion disabling Messages bubble and screen effects but the functionality does not seem to be implemented yet. According to the developer release notes, iOS 10.1 includes a fix for motion handling. Developers will be able to access barometric pressure data for iPad Air 2, iPad mini 4 and iPad Pro. For the impressive new Portrait mode in Camera, we went hands on with the new feature using the beta in our initial walkthrough. Zac also wrote about the new feature here and took some example images here. Check out Jeff Benjamin’s video demonstration below: macOS Sierra 10.12.1 beta 5 Apple has also released out beta 5 of the macOS Sierra 10.12.1 developer beta. We’ll continue to update with any notable changes. As always, if you find anything new, feel free to let us know in the comments below or at @9to5mac on Twitter. Guides macOS View THe Guide iOS 10.1 View THe Guide macOS Sierra 10.12.1 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Black Friday Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Apple Seeds Fifth Beta of iOS 10.1 for iPhone 7 to Developers and Public Beta Testers Wednesday October 19, 2016 10:53 am PDT by Juli Clover Apple today seeded the fifth beta of an upcoming iOS 10 update to developers and public beta testers for testing purposes, two days after seeding the fourth iOS 10.1 beta and more than a month after releasing iOS 10 to the public. Today's beta appears to be available only for the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, suggesting it perhaps has the LTE bug fix that was bundled into iOS 10.0.3, released on Monday. Registered developers can download the iOS 10.1 beta 5 from the Apple Developer Center or over-the-air once the proper configuration profile is installed. Public beta testers can download the update over-the-air after installing the configuration profile from Apple's beta testing website. iOS 10.1 introduces a new "Portrait" mode for the iPhone 7 Plus that allows it to use the two built-in cameras to create shallow depth of field portrait photos with blurred backgrounds. Subscribe to the MacRumors YouTube channel for more videos. To achieve the blurred look, the image signal processor in the iPhone 7 Plus uses the wide-angle camera to create a depth map, dissecting the different layers of the photo to decide what to blur. It works on people, pets, and objects, but does require good lighting to achieve the proper effect. The update also likely includes bug fixes and other under-the-hood improvements to address issues that have been uncovered since iOS 10 was released, such as an ongoing CallKit bug that has caused CallKit to function unreliably. Transit directions have been added in Japan in the iOS 10.1 beta, as was promised by Apple earlier this year. Transit directions will officially launch in the country when iOS 10.1 is released to the public and are available in major cities like Osaka and Tokyo. iOS 10 has been described by Apple as the "biggest release ever" for iOS users, with features that include a redesigned Lock screen, a Siri SDK to allow third-party apps to integrate with Siri, and a completely overhauled Messages app, a dedicated "Home" app for HomeKit users, new facial and object recognition capabilities in Photos, and more. For more details on iOS 10, make sure to check out our iOS 10 roundup. Related Roundup: iOS 10 [ 128 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) dillacom 4 weeks ago 1.97GB on 7+ wow Rating: 8 Votes Poontaco 4 weeks ago I have a friend who has a funny color of paint on one of the walls in his house. I'm not a fan of the color. You could even say I have a problem with it. Every time I stop by, I could say it's a problem that still hasn't been fixed. Some might say it's not actually a problem at all, but just my own issue. I suppose, if it really bothers me that much, I don't have to go over to his house at all. But I'm not going to do that. He's my friend, and I'll deal with it. Rating: 6 Votes jambon 4 weeks ago Does the large download size suggest this is the GM? Rating: 6 Votes d5aqoëp 4 weeks ago interesting!! More betas are welcome. Rating: 3 Votes runeapple 4 weeks ago How many bugs does it have this time? 47 Rating: 3 Votes mnni 4 weeks ago 1.95gb update, strange how the beta 4 was only 30+mb on my 7+. Oh well, I always love more updates! The last beta is usually pretty big. Maybe it removes some kind of debug information? So the differential update is somewhat a complete update. Rating: 2 Votes f00f 4 weeks ago Hmmm. I don't think this fixes the LTE issue unless 10.1 already had the 10.0.3 fix and there is an additional issue not fixed yet. I saw the "could not activate" error on 10.0.3 yesterday. I'm also seeing less bars than my wife on a 6. I know bars don't mean everything but I'm always on 1 or 2 bars in places where I used to have good coverage. The Field Test app is still present in iOS. From the Phone app, dial *3001#12345#* to launch Field Test and you'll have a numeric signal strength in the upper-left you can use for comparison instead of bars. Rating: 2 Votes macintoshmac 4 weeks ago How stable is this now? Hold your horses, junior. The seniors will report their findings soon. ;) Rating: 2 Votes Hyperion0808 4 weeks ago Hopefully this fixes the egregious animation when opening multitasking and the screen bounces up and down. And also the lag of the primary background fading out in multitasking with certain apps. Unless that's meant to be there. Rating: 2 Votes bbplayer5 4 weeks ago How stable is this now? It literally just came out and no one has it even installed yet... Rating: 2 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories Nonprofit Organizations Now Able to Accept Apple Pay Donations 7 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today announced that nonprofit organizations in the United States are now able to accept accept donations using Apple Pay, allowing donors to send money to various charities more quickly. ... 12 comments Apple Seeds Third Beta of tvOS 10.1 to Developers 7 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today seeded the third beta of an upcoming tvOS 10.1 update to developers for testing purposes, one week after seeding the second tvOS 10.1 beta and more than a month after launching tvOS 10. ... 10 comments Samsung Buying Automobile Accessory Company Harman for $8 Billion 9 hours ago on iOS Blog Samsung Electronics has announced that it will spend $8 billion to purchase Harman International Industries Inc, a company which designs and manufactures connected automobile infotainment... 32 comments Microsoft Launching 'Visual Studio' Coding Platform for Mac This Week 11 hours ago on Mac Blog Microsoft plans to launch its integrated developer environment Visual Studio for the Mac later this week, turning its cloud-first development program into a cross-platform experience that developers... 27 comments iPhone Sales Could Face Major Setback in China if Trump Enacts Trade War 12 hours ago on iOS Blog A collection of companies based in the United States could face "impaired" blowback if President-elect Donald Trump follows through with his campaign plan of imposing a 45 percent tariff on... 149 comments Amazon Music Unlimited Rolls Out Across Germany, Austria, and the U.K. 15 hours ago on iOS Blog Amazon's streaming music service has gone live in the U.K. and will roll out to Germany and Austria later today, according to TechCrunch. Amazon Music Unlimited launched in the U.S. last... 8 comments MacRumors Giveaway: Win a Prize Pack From Satechi With a Laptop Stand, SD Card Reader, Keypad and More 3 days ago on Mac Blog For this week's giveaway, we've teamed up with Satechi to offer MacRumors readers a chance to win a desktop prize package that includes Satechi's Aluminum Portable Laptop Stand, a... 18 comments Crafts Marketplace Etsy Now Accepting Apple Pay on the Web 3 days ago on Mac Blog E-commerce site Etsy, which gives independent crafters a place to sell their wares, today announced that it has begun accepting Apple Pay through both its desktop and mobile websites. Etsy... 7 comments • Apple Honors Veterans Day With New Section on App Store (11) • iPhone Supplier Japan Display Seeks Financing Needed to Shift to OLED Displays (9) • New Filing Confirms Yahoo Was Aware of Large-Scale Email Hack in 2014 (26) • Snapchat's Video Spectacles on Sale via 'Snapbot' Vending Machines (18) • Spotify App Accused of Thrashing Storage Drives With Excessive Data Writes (59) • Apple Starts Approving First Touch Bar App Updates on Mac App Store (51) • Apple Debuts New 'iBooks Storytime' tvOS App With Read-Aloud Books for Kids (11)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'BATMAN - The Telltale Series' Episode 3 Review: Sorry Bruce, the New World Order Sucks 'RETSNOM' Developer Releases Pixelated Point-and-Click Hacking Game 'Replica: A Little Temporary Safety' on iOS 'Kathy Rain' Point-and-Click Adventure Hits Mobile Before Thanksgiving 'Cube Knight' Dual-Stick Shooter Based on King Arthur Legends Now Available How 'Burly Men at Sea' Went From a Concept to a Game Atari Soft Launches 'RollerCoaster Tycoon Touch' in New Zealand AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 61,700 Sanders says it's not Comey's fault that Clinton lost 48,879 'I came here to kill you': Cop-killer stalked family for days 32,599 Read John Lennon's harsh words for Paul McCartney 26,464 The one scenario that could still get Hillary into the White House 25,367 Dead rodent sewn into woman's new Zara dress: lawsuit 22,594 Melania Trump's girl-on-girl photos from racy shoot revealed Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Tech Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Apple could totally change what a ‘normal’ keyboard looks like By Jacob Siegal, BGR View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) October 19, 2016 | 12:33pm Modal Trigger Photo: Shutterstock Originally Published By: Apple is launching new Macs on October 27th, report says There might actually be an Android phone faster than Apple's iPhone 7 These 5 insanely thin iPhone 7 cases are perfect for people who hate iPhone cases Just hours after rumors began to spread that Apple would hold a MacBook launch event at the end of October, an even more exciting report was published. According to The Wall Street Journal’s sources, Apple is planning to ditch the standard QWERTY keyboard in favor of a customizable E Ink keyboard in 2018. DON’T MISS: Things just keep getting worse for Samsung We originally reported on this futuristic keyboard last week, when an anonymous Reddit user claimed to have knowledge of a next-generation Magic Keyboard. The user also said that Apple was going to work with Sonder, a Foxconn-backed Australian startup, in order to build the keyboard, which was later backed up by a report in which the startup confirmed it had been in talks with Apple. People familiar with the plans tell the WSJ that Tim Cook met up with the heads of Foxconn and Sonder on October 11th in China in order to discuss the keyboard, although all three companies declined to comment when approached. WSJ’s report corroborates many of the previous claims, stating that the E Ink keyboard will come standard on MacBooks in the future, that they will be able to display any keyboard and that they will debut sometime in 2018. Not only will the E Ink keyboards allow international and multilingual users to easily switch from one language to another, but they will also make it easier to include emojis in messages and execute special commands on the fly. If you can’t wait that long for a customizable keyboard, Sonder is planning to launch its own standalone keyboard before the end of the year for $199. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy This article originally appeared on BGR. Filed under apple Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next This pornographic smart fridge proves everything is hackab... Read Next This pornographic smart fridge proves everything is hackab... Most Popular This Week 1 The one scenario that could still get Hillary into the White House 2 Melania Trump's girl-on-girl photos from racy shoot revealed 3 Assassination threats against Trump flood Twitter 4 Man who fatally punched stranger surrenders 5 Trump calls slain cop's widow to offer condolences 6 White House open to a Clinton pardon Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 63,920 Sanders says it's not Comey's fault that Clinton lost 50,329 'I came here to kill you': Cop-killer stalked family for days 32,608 Read John Lennon's harsh words for Paul McCartney Now On You can hire DJ Khaled for your next big shindig Ryan Reynolds had a ‘nervous breakdown’ after ‘Deadpool’ Donald Trump had better not cross Jane Lynch SEE ALL Video You can hire DJ Khaled for your next big shindig Now On John Oliver Has A Complete Meltdown Over Trump Election Results SEE ALL More Stories pagesix Read John Lennon's harsh words for Paul McCartney Now On Decider Alec Baldwin Is A No Show On 'SNL', Backs Down From Trump nypost Sanders says it's not Comey's fault that Clinton lost New York Post Twitter Facebook Instagram Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Twitter Facebook Instagram Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2016 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News UK News World News Politics Tech and science Opinion APPLE i-Rate Apple sues over ‘flammable’ fake chargers sold on Amazon that could ‘burst into flames or electrocute people’ Tech giant claims counterfeit products from Mobile Star could 'overheat, catch fire, and deliver a deadly electric shock' BY TOM MICHAEL 19th October 2016, 4:56 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments APPLE is suing a mobile phone accessory company after accusing it of selling “dangerous” fake Apple chargers that are prone to bursting into flames. The tech giant has filed papers with a court in the US state of California, demanding millions of dollars from Mobile Star LLC. 3 This image of a charred-looking charger was provided with the court documents, along with a claim it was bought on Amazon Apple is accusing the company of flogging counterfeit items through well-known sites, including Amazon and Groupon. And the Silicon Valley firm claims some of them “pose a significant risk of overheating, fire, and electrical shock” to unwitting customers. The court papers filed by Apple read: “Counterfeit power products, such as those supplied by Mobile Star, pose an immediate threat to consumer safety because, unlike genuine Apple products, they are not subjected to industry-standard consumer safety testing and are poorly constructed with inferior or missing components, flawed design, and inadequate electrical insulation. “These counterfeits have the potential to overheat, catch fire, and deliver a deadly electric shock to consumers while in normal use.” Apple’s lawyers go on to quote a recently published white paper from consumer product safety and testing organisation UL (formerly Underwriters Laboratories). The report apparently revealed that counterfeit Apple charging products “often lack the safety features necessary to protect users from shock and fire hazards”. Related stories I ROBOT Apple employs tech guru from university that taught computers to 'defeat humans' RETURN OF THE MAC What time will Apple's new MacBook Pro be released today? Prices, rumours and specifications EXPLOSIVE PICTURES Samsung Note 7 shown bursting into flames in images that will shock every smartphone owner HOT GADGETS/ COLD REALITY Meet the Brits left hundreds of pounds out of pocket after fire-prone Samsung Note 7 recall TOT'S HORROR FALL Baby killed and mum injured after plunging 6 storeys when faulty lift wasn't there when the doors opened PORSCHE TRAGEDY Mum and daughter found dead in £80,000 Porsche ‘were killed by the fumes caused by car’s faulty BATTERY’ The smartphone manufacturer said it had bought several fake adaptors and charging cables from Amazon. But when confronted, the web retailer claimed to have got the majority of the alleged offending items from Mobile Star, the papers allege. Apple said it was concerned that unsuspecting customers, expecting to be receiving properly regulated good from the reputable online shopping firm, could actually buy dangerous fakes. They also provided a picture of a charred-looking charger posted to Amazon’s customer review section, with a damning account claiming it burst into flames on the day it was bought. 3 The Apple 5W USB wall charger power adapter for iPhone 5/5c/5s/6/6 Plus was one of the items that was allegedly counterfeited Getty Images 3 Apple said the ‘forged’ goods were hazardous for unwitting customers Samsung suspends sales after Galaxy Note 7 smartphones explode The review by the anonymous customer reads: “After just a few hours of use on the very first day, the charger literally caught on fire!!! See the attached picture. “I'm appalled that the seller and Amazon support selling a product like this. “I'm extremely disappointed in my experience with this product after reading the reviews and selecting this out of the several available in the marketplace. “Moreover, I bought three for my family because of the good reviews and pricing. Don't make the mistake that I did.” Apple’s lawyers said: “The safety of Apple’s customers is of paramount importance to Apple, and Apple devotes significant resources to ensuring its power products meet industry safety standards and are subjected to rigorous testing for safety and reliability. “Apple brings this suit to stop Mobile Star from any further distribution of counterfeit Apple products to the public.” A spokesman for Amazon said: “Amazon has zero tolerance for the sale of counterfeits on our site.  We work closely with manufacturers and brands, and pursue wrongdoers aggressively.” We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368   Topics Apple iPhones California US Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News MOTHER FROM HELL Probe launched after mum is filmed brutally punching and slapping baby ‘because tot wouldn't stop crying’ News Video RANDY REVELLERS Shocking moment two clubbers were filmed having sex on sofa in Cardiff nightclub News Exclusive jackpot brute jailed Lottery winner throttled his wife and beat a child after claiming winning £70,000 would make 2016… News LIZARD MAN DEAD Tattooed biker gang enforcer known as 'Lizard Man' and ex-girlfriend found dead in apartment News BAG BABY Mum who abandoned baby on freezing doorstep in Tesco carrier bag is caught six years on by DNA evidence News 'don't be afraid' Trump says women might have to travel to other states for abortions, promises to deport 3m immigrants and… News BULlied to death Schoolboy, 15, found hanged after bullies used fake Jimmy Savile Facebook page to make sick rape threats to… News BLOTTO WINNER Lotto millionaire flashes the £4,500 boobs she bought with her jackpot yet again... this time at her… News Exclusive TRAM 'TEXT' HORROR Croydon tram crash driver was 'texting' as vehicle sped round corner 'significantly' above the permitted… News WINTER STORM ALERT Britain to be battered by gales, snow and -11C freeze this week as Arctic blast ushers in winter News Latest TRIUMPHANT TRUMP Donald Trump becomes President of the United States after bitter fight for the White House News HE'S JUST BIG BONED! North Korea warns Chinese officials to 'stop calling glorious leader Kim Jong-un fat' News Graphic Warning 'GO ON, KILL HER!' Shocking moment schoolgirl bully kicks girl in the HEAD during sickening attack as other pupils laugh and… News Most Popular THE STATE ESCAPE Renegade states plan to pull off their own Brexit and ditch the US for Canada after Trump election victory News Video HONEY'S FIX RAP Honey G reveals she's got a track lined up for next week's X Factor... moments after learning theme TV & Showbiz back on Nick Knowles moves back in with estranged wife Jessica Moor TV & Showbiz Video Tough times Strictly Come Dancing's Danny Mac hints at personal heartache despite topping leader board TV & Showbiz Exclusive EXPLOSIVE EXIT Chloe Ferry axed from Geordie Shore after ‘kicking new girl in the HEAD’ over on-off lover Marty TV & Showbiz ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News NUMBER'S UP Eastenders makes a MAJOR blunder as two characters have something very strange in common TV & Showbiz Exclusive EMILY'S OUT ON STREET Corrie legend Eileen Derbyshire leaves soap after 55yrs - ending reign as its longest serving actress TV & Showbiz Video A crying shame Holly and Phil tear up over desperate mother whose son has threatened to kill himself over bullying TV & Showbiz 'WHy are you even on the show?' Xtra Factor viewer angers Nicole Scherzinger by trolling Ryan Lawrie live on air TV & Showbiz 'WHAT'S HAPPENED TO HER?' I’m A Celebrity fans left stunned by Carol Vorderman’s fresh faced look TV & Showbiz devastating family secret I'm A Celebrity star Larry Lamb's secret agony over daughter he hasn't seen in 46 years TV & Showbiz Right Mess Lionel Messi 'rejects new contract with Barca after worries over tax fraud legal issues' Football It's back! Michelle Keegan's wedding ring returns as she wows in strapless dress alongside handsome husband Mark Wright TV & Showbiz Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 There's a 90% chance the Apple power accessories you bought on Amazon are fake Antonio Villas-Boas Oct. 19, 2016, 11:56 AM 15,824 facebook linkedin twitter email print It looks as though 90% of the Apple power accessories sold on Amazon, such as chargers and cables, are fake, according to a legal document from Apple obtained by Patently Apple. In the document, Apple claims it bought "well over 100 iPhone devices, Apple power products, and Lightning cables" from Amazon and found that nearly 90% of the accessories were fake. A screenshot from a YouTube video shows a knockoff iPhone wall charger the user says he bought on eBay that exploded. Raymus Munt/YouTube Apart from potentially not working as well as genuine Apple products, Apple also claims that counterfeit Apple power accessories can cause property damage and even bodily harm. The company says in the document that counterfeit accessories are often poorly built with "inferior" — and even missing — parts, and they don't go through industry-standard safety tests. As a result, they risk catching fire or sending "deadly" electric shocks to users during normal usage. Apple is suing Amazon supplier Mobile Star, claiming it's selling counterfeit Apple power accessories. Amazon said Mobile Star was its source for the "majority" of the products Apple bought, according to the lawsuit. According to the lawsuit, Amazon listings for the power accessories claimed they were authentic and used Apple trademarks and product images to make the products appear authentic. It's tough to tell which Apple products are genuine on Amazon, as the listings can appear legitimate as if they were listed by Apple itself. Overall, a good indication that a product is counterfeit or poorly made is if it's too cheap to be true. If it's drastically cheaper than what Apple charges, then it's likely to be counterfeit or poorly made without the proper certifications of safety and quality. You can also check the reviews on Amazon. If a number of people report that the accessories caught fire, started smoking, or simply malfunctioned, and the rating is two and half stars or below, it's likely to be a fake or poorly made product. Amazon replied to Business Insider's request for comment, saying: “Amazon has zero tolerance for the sale of counterfeits on our site.  We work closely with manufacturers and brands and pursue wrongdoers aggressively.” Apple did not immediately return requests for comment. EXCLUSIVE FREE REPORT: 25 Big Tech Predictions by BI Intelligence. Get the Report Now » SEE ALSO: Here's why you should always hold your iPhone in your right hand when making a call NOW WATCH: Forget the iPhone 7 — here are 7 reasons the next iPhone will blow everyone away Loading video... More: Apple Counterfeit products Chargers Accessories Cables iPhone MacBook facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru There's a 90% chance the Apple power accessories you bought on Amazon are fake There's a 90% chance the Apple power accessories you bought on Amazon are fake It looks as though 90% of the Apple power... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Master Herald Sports Technology TV Social Cars Politics Middle East Pulse Menu Sports Technology TV Social Cars Politics Middle East Pulse Apple Watch Series 2 Still Missing the Killer App to Transform it Into a Must-Have Gadget Despite its Enhanced Capabilities and Stylish Design! Posted By: Arash FekriPosted date: October 20, 2016In: Technology Page 1 of 212» A little over a month since the Apple Watch Series 2 was officially released to the market, critics have logged in their reviews, most of them positive. However, most of the critics are also one in saying that despite the improvements of the Apple Watch Series 2 over its half-baked predecessor, the Apple Watch, the smart wearable from the American tech giant still lacks that particular killer app that would transform it into a must-have gadget, notes The National. They believe that the smart wearable must have something other than its stylish design and enhanced capabilities in order to really draw in the masses and force them to buy the Apple Watch Series 2. But the problem does not just lie with the Apple Watch Series 2 or its predecessor but the whole plethora of smartwatches all over the market these days. A vast improvement Compared to the Apple Watch that was released in March last year, the Apple Watch Series 2 is a vast improvement especially with its fitness capabilities, swim-proof feature, and its GPS capability. The external changes to the Apple Watch Series 2 may be minor but the internal improvements are huge. Apple has worked on improving the display’s brightness by making text and images far sharper and easier to read all across all sorts of lighting conditions. The American tech giant has likewise improved the battery life of the device, which would enable it to last two full days on moderate usage. Apple has also infused the much-sought GPS capability, allowing users to leave their phones behind because unlike the Apple Watch, the Apple Watch Series 2 can already operate tracking without having to depend on an iPhone or any other smartphone for that matter. The American tech giant has also improved on the fitness and tracking features of the Apple Watch Series 2, and now includes distance and calorie tracking through the built-in heart rate monitor. Because of such feature, the Apple Watch Series 2 has become much closer than before to more expensive sports watches. The Apple Watch Series 2 is also waterproof up to a depth of 50 meters so it can log a user’s morning lap in the pool and even survived being dropped in the toilet by a young kid. A good alternative for the Maps app One critic who made a review of the Apple Watch Series 2 recently recalled how the smart wearable became a viable alternative for using the Maps app on his iPhone. He said that the battery of his iPhone was drained after a long day of travel. Just before the iPhone died, he was using the Maps app for directions. However, his Apple Watch Series 2 was also following the same directions on his wrist. So despite losing cellular connection after his iPhone passed out, the Apple Watch Series 2 continued keeping up with his location and updating along the route to his destination, details 9to5mac. Once he arrived at his destination, the Maps app on his Apple Watch Series 2, which is triggered by the device’s GPS capability, also ended the route. It is actually the same concept that Apple showed on stage at its keynote with the third-party Viewranger app, using GPS to navigate pre-loaded routes. The critic says that he is happy to learn that the feature extends to Apple’s own Maps app. Future versions of the watchOS could benefit from saving multiple, pre-loaded routes that the GPS can use. The swim feature of the Apple Watch Series 2 is what is clearly lacking in the first watch. The Apple Watch claimed to be a fitness tracker, but it excluded one of the most popular fitness activities in the world. The American tech giant addressed that particular issue on the Apple Watch Series 2 and the smart wearable is now swim-proof which means the water won’t kill the phone and the new software that can accurately track what the user is doing, turning it into a great all-around fitness tracker. Page 1 of 212» Like 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Share 0 Related Articles Gears of War 4 Performs Great on the Market, Anniversary DLC Coming, Game to Possibly Run on Project Scorpio, And More November 14, 2016 Left 4 Dead 3 Rumors Start Up Again, Are Valve Preparing Something behind the Scenes? Let’s See! November 14, 2016 Final Fantasy 7 Remake Seen as Controversial in Community, Will the Game Fracture the Franchise’s Fan Base? Let’s See! November 14, 2016 Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Pages About Master Herald Ads Contact Us Staff Categories Cars Middle East Pulse Politics Social Sports Technology TV About Us Address: Al-Mashroot Akhbar Company, 75 Al Iskan Street, P.O. Box 5230, Post Code 115, Muscat, Sultanate of Oman Email: Info [at] MasterHerald.com
null
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Home Innovation What Steve Jobs learned from Glenn Gould about innovation and creativity What Steve Jobs learned from Glenn Gould about innovation and creativity Joshua Cohen of Apple University says the enigmatic Canadian pianist has a lot to teach us about how to foster innovation and creativity today Oct 19, 2016 Chris Sorensen   0 Glenn Gould in the studio in 1978. (Harold Whtye/Toronto Star/CP) This post originally appeared at Maclean’s. Few would be surprised if Prime Minister Justin Trudeau borrowed a page from iPhone-maker Apple Inc. in a bid to boost Canada’s innovation chops, one of several Liberal campaign promises. Apple, after all, is one of the world’s most innovative companies, not to mention its most valuable. Which makes it all the more surprising that, when in need of inspiration, executives at the iPhone-maker study a Canadian—and a classical pianist at that—who’s been dead for 34 years. Metric's Emily Haines on how to collaborate creatively The musician, of course, is none other than Glenn Gould. The Toronto-born Gould is featured in a recurring presentation delivered by professor Joshua Cohen to senior managers at Apple University, the Cupertino, Calif.-company’s in-house training facility. Most at Apple aren’t familiar with Gould, admits Cohen. But the more they learn about his lofty vision of creating a transcendent experience for listeners and his ultra-perfectionist ways, the more they realize Gould wasn’t all that different from the late Steve Jobs, Apple’s ambitious and micro-managing co-founder and former CEO. Cohen says they also quickly come to appreciate Gould’s whole-hearted embrace of technology, as demonstrated by his controversial decision in the 1960s to focus exclusively on studio recording. But perhaps the biggest lesson Gould holds for aspiring tech giants—or, in the case of Canada, the governments who hope to foster them—was his belief in creating something that’s not only new and different, but eminently worthwhile.“There’s this really large human purpose that guides the work,” says Cohen. “It’s not innovation for innovation’s sake.” It’s a lesson that’s doubly important for Ottawa to learn, too, given that its efforts will be paid for by taxpayers. Cohen, who is scheduled to talk about Gould at the University of Toronto’s Rotman School of Management this week, crafted his Gould lecture a few years ago when looking for visionaries who created ambitious products. In Gould’s case, the “product” is his 1981 re-recording of the Goldberg Variations by Johann Sebastian Bach. It was the same demanding piece that Gould performed in his 1955 recording debut, making him an international celebrity almost overnight. However, Cohen, formerly a professor of political philosophy at Stanford University, says he was drawn to Gould’s later effort, which runs a full 13 minutes longer than the remarkably brief 1955 version, because it demonstrated just how dedicated Gould was to creating a perfect piece of music. Gould’s trademark humming can even be heard in the background if you listen closely. Gould’s decision to re-record wasn’t without risk. He was already considered by many to “own” the Goldberg Variations, which some have described as the “Gouldbergs,” and not everyone agrees his second attempt is superior—including, possibly, Steve Jobs. In a biography released after Jobs’s 2011 death, author Walter Isaacson describes a scene in Jobs’s living room where Jobs plays the two versions back-to-back on his iPad. “The first is an exuberant, young, brilliant piece, played so fast it’s a revelation,” Jobs is quoted as saying. “The later one is so much more spare and stark. You sense a very deep soul who’s been through a lot in life. It’s deeper and wiser.” So, which did he like better? Jobs notes that Gould himself preferred the 1981 recording, but that he personally liked the earlier, more exuberant one, although “now I can see where he was coming from.” It may have been the first time Jobs held wishy-washy opinion about a matter of personal taste. Buffy Sainte-Marie on how to build a career for a lifetime Cohen’s Rotman appearance, organized with the help of Toronto’s Glenn Gould Foundation, comes at an opportune time for Canada. The Trudeau government is preparing to unveil its promised “Innovation Agenda” later this year—an effort to give the country’s moribund economy a badly needed boost. Innovation Minister Navdeep Bains has said the plan will broadly focus on three key areas: improving education, fostering ambitious research projects that can later be sold as commercial products and supporting innovative companies that compete globally. Funding details are expected in next year’s budget. Institutionalizing the nebulous concept of innovation won’t be easy. Jobs himself faced a similar challenge when he was diagnosed with a cancerous tumour in his pancreas in 2004, forcing him to contemplate a day when he would no longer be able to terrorize Apple’s designers and engineers. In 2008, he quietly began laying the groundwork for Apple University by hiring Joel Podolny, the dean of Yale’s school of management. “The idea was to take what is unique about Apple and create a forum that can impart that DNA to future generations of Apple employees,” a former Apple executive told the Los Angeles Times in 2011. “No other company has a university charged with probing so deeply into the roots of what makes the company so successful.” Cohen’s presentation on Gould is just one of several he gives at the university, where he’s now employed full-time. It’s part of a series called “The Best Things”—a reference to a remark that Jobs once made about “trying to expose yourself to the best things that humans have done, and then try to bring those things into what you’re doing.” His first presentation in the series was about New York’s Central Park, which was designed by landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted to show that America could create beautiful, natural public spaces that rivalled the best of Europe. Gould, by contrast, created a thing of beauty by reinterpreting the baroque work of a German composer who was widely seen as a touch old-fashioned, even by his contemporaries. Equally as compelling for Apple employees is Gould’s forward-thinking attitude about technology. Gould once told an interviewer in 1966 that live audiences were a “force of evil” because pleasing them took precedence over his pursuit of perfection. “I really thank God that I’m able to sit in a studio with enormous concentration and do things many times, if necessary,” he said. “I think a whole new role has been opened in this way.” Bob Ezrin, the Canadian music producer known for his work with Pink Floyd, Lou Reed and Alice Cooper among others, (and, to a different demographic, for sparking a Twitter war earlier this year with rapper Kanye West), says Gould was way ahead of his time. “He was the first guy to edit classical performances,” he says. “That was just anathema to the classical world. Edit multi-track recordings? This was stuff that was only beginning to happen in popular recording because performers couldn’t do it all in one take.” If it all sounds a touch pedantic for a company that builds smartphones, recall that Jobs credited part of the original Mac’s success on his decision to study calligraphy at Reed College in Portland, Oregon. “If I had never dropped in on that single course in college, the Mac would have never had multiple typefaces or proportionally spaced fonts,” he said during a 2005 commencement address at Stanford. “And since Windows just copied the Mac, it’s likely that no personal computer would have them.” This is also a man who once said, shortly before his death, that great technology by itself wasn’t sufficient to make great products: “It’s technology married with the liberal arts, married with the humanities, that yields us the results that make our hearts sing.” At its core, Cohen says Apple’s mission is indeed to develop products that should be built, not finding a way to shoehorn every piece of new technology into people’s lives, wanted or not. “They [Apple products] enable people to do things that are good to do,” he says, adding it’s not all that different from Gould’s effort to create a moment of pure musical bliss. “You’re trying to do something that’s great and animated by a big idea,” says Cohen. “But what makes it great is there’s an important human good at stake in it.” The astonishing second act of Cirque du Soleil It sounds straightforward enough. But it’s remarkable how many tech firms allow the cord to wag the computer. Google, for all its success, is frequently guilty of packing unnecessary functions into its products, making them unnecessarily difficult to use. An Apple University professor apparently once used a Google TV remote control as an example of what not to do at Apple, according to the Times. It had no fewer than 78 buttons. Meanwhile, other up-and-coming tech giants often seem more interested in disrupting entrenched industries than they are in serving their customers. The increasingly heated debate over short-term rental platform Airbnb is a case in point, with some arguing it’s contributing to a housing crisis by convincing landlords that it’s more profitable to rent to tourists than tenants. So what, if anything, can Ottawa learn from Gould as it seeks to implement its “Innovation Agenda?” He obviously didn’t have much to say about the value of “innovation clusters” or the appropriate tax policy when it comes to stock options. But, Cohen says, he’s confident Gould wouldn’t think much of trying to replicate, pixel for pixel, Silicon Valley’s stunning success. “Gould himself would say, almost in these words, ‘There’s no point performing something that’s been performed a thousand times before unless you do it differently,’ ” Cohen says. At the same time, however, the secret to Gould’s success was his dogged insistence to make sure what he did was worth doing, and that he did it to the best of his abilities—even if some thought he was being completely unreasonable in the process. Says Cohen: “That kind of comes with the territory of doing something that’s different and truly great.” Margaret Atwood on how to be a creative risk-taker MORE ABOUT CREATIVITY: Metric’s Emily Haines on how to collaborate creatively Buffy Sainte-Marie on how to build a creative career for a lifetime Smarter Faster Better author Charles Duhigg on how to build a productive team How playing with Lego can help your team communicate better What you really need to know about hiring an ad agency The astonishing second act of Cirque du Soleil How G Adventures aims to keep staffers thinking creatively Margaret Atwood on how to be a creative risk-taker Like Us Follow @cdnbiz Subscribe with Texture shares Share: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Share Email Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Leave a comment Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Name * Email * Top Follow us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > Apple says most of the ‘genuine’ charging cables and adapters sold though Amazon are fake Apple says most of the ‘genuine’ charging cables and adapters sold though Amazon are fake October 19, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment Patently Apple reports that Apple has filed a trademark infringement case against Mobile Star LLC, the primary supplier in which Amazon has named the primary supplier of counterfeit Apple accessories. Apple recently purchased a number of Apple power adapters and charging and syncing cables (collectively “power products”) that were directly sold by Amazon.com – not a third party seller – and determined that they were counterfeit. Amazon.com informed Apple that Mobile Star was its source for the majority of these counterfeit Apple products […] Counterfeit power products, such as those supplied by Mobile Star, pose an immediate threat to consumer safety because, unlike genuine Apple products, they are not subjected to industry-standard consumer safety testing and are poorly constructed with inferior or missing components, flawed design, and inadequate electrical insulation. These counterfeits have the potential to overheat, catch fire, and deliver a deadly electric shock to consumers while in normal use. Apple believes that how things are worded may be confusing to the consumer. The ‘Fulfillment by Amazon’ gives consumers the assurance that the products will be delivered safely and reliably, however does not mean that it is a genuine product. Over the last nine months, Apple, as part of its ongoing brand protection efforts, has purchased well over 100 iPhone devices, Apple power products, and Lightning cables sold as genuine by sellers on Amazon.com and delivered through Amazon’s “Fulfillment by Amazon” program. Apple’s internal examination and testing for these products revealed almost 90% of these products are counterfeit. The iPhone maker says that these products are damaging its brand reputation as they are tricking consumers into thinking they are genuine Apple products. Apple is seeking $2M in damages and counterfeit items against Mobile Star. Tags: amazon, Chargers, mfi About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Report: Apple to hold Mac event on October 27 in Cupertino Apple to launch new Mac laptops with dynamic, contextual keyboards in 2018 → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Apple releases iOS 10.0.3 to the iPhone 7, fixes cellular connectivity issues3 iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 iPhone 7 to be available in 4 additional countries on November 41 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog iOS 10.2 beta 3 update now available from Apple Samsung Rewards launching this week, will offer prizes for Samsung Pay users LG V20 launch sales double that of V10 in the US I'm sold on virtual reality Google Play Music update brings improved recommendations, new home screen, and more Do physical keyboards still have a place in the smartphone industry? BlackBerry CEO confirms that new phone with physical keyboard is coming Android And Me LG has sold over 200,000 V20 units in Top 5 most popular Android apps from Samsung Rewards will earn Samsung Pay Samsung acquires Harman to expand into Google Play Music update adds machine Best 10 smartphone, smartwatch and accessory DEAL: Nextbit Robin gets a 43% price TmoNews T-Mobile to launch Blue Coral Galaxy T-Mobile launches @Work All-In Bundle T-Mobile’s Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge AT&T borrows T-Mobile Binge On to launch Next T-Mobile Tuesday will offer UE Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 launches T-Mobile launches 4G LTE service at PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
Trending: Video: Angry at Apple Make your emails more trusted with DKIM 6 big ideas in digital transformation Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Best bookmark managers for Google Chrome Review: BIO-key’s plug-in fingerprint readers for Windows 10 computers Why senior managers are the most dangerous negligent insiders Review: Microsoft takes on TensorFlow More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware Apple Mac Apple Holic By Jonny Evans Follow About | Appleholic, (noun), æp·əl-hɑl·ɪk: An imaginative person who thinks about what Apple is doing, why and where it is going. Delivering popular Apple-related news, advice and entertainment since 1999. News IBM says it is 3X more expensive to manage PCs than Macs Saving up to $535 per Mac per four years in comparison to PCs More like this ‘Every Mac we buy is making and saving IBM money’ - IBM What to expect from Apple’s new Mac 'hello' Psst! Apple’s enterprise iPad plans are coming together on IDG Answers What to do with Apple ID disabled? Credit: Jonny Evans Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Comments Computerworld | Oct 19, 2016 8:01 AM PT RELATED TOPICS Apple Mac Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Apple IBM MacBook Pro Windows 10 Comments With Apple set to announce new Macs next week, enterprise users may want to open their wallets to get hold of the new kit, as there’s a big business case that says they should, according to IBM. Up to $535 saving per Mac IBM today told the record-setting seventh Jamf Nation User Conference that it is saving even more money by deploying Macs across the company than it thought: each Mac deployment saves the company up to $535 over four years, in contrast to the $270 per Mac it claimed last year. That’s a hugely significant statistic for any Mac user and follows extensive use of the platform by IBM. IBM VP of Workplace as a Service, Fletcher Previn, told the conference that 90,000 employees are now using Macs, up from 30,000 in 2015. 100,000 of IBM’s global workforce will be using Macs by the end of the year, he said, and the number is climbing. There are lots of reasons for this, not least that better OS software means Apple needs to update its systems far less often than Microsoft updates Windows. "We have to go out and manage the Mac environment 104 fewer times a year than PC,” Previn said. When it comes to mobile devices, 65 percent of iOS users run the latest OS, while 60 percent of Android users are running an OS that’s at least two years old. IBM began replacing PCs with Macs in early 2015, when it began giving employees the choice to upgrade to a Mac when their company kit needed upgrading. The data speaks for itself, at IBM an astonishing 73 percent of employees will choose a Mac when they get the chance to choose for themself, Previn said. Today, "Macs are the standard at IBM, Japan, and PCs are the exception," he said -- and seems to think this is the future across the rest of the company. #jnuc2016 pic.twitter.com/8pcw0Gigtr — Rich Trouton (@rtrouton) October 19, 2016 Time to switch That’s a major enterprise deployment and highly significant, as the statistics the company is sharing are real world figures based on real world experience across one of the world’s biggest businesses. It also suggests small business users should focus on the platform, particularly in light of Intuit’s recent move to integrate Apple Pay in QuickBooks and Apple’s eminent suitability for modern business. The icing on the user preference cake is that it turns out there are solid business reasons to encourage staff to move to Mac. Not only has the company been saving between $264-$535 for each Mac deployment over four years, but just 3.5 percent of employees using a Mac will call the company help desk, he said. “Give employees the devices they want, manage those devices in a modern way, and drive self sufficiency in the environment,” Previn explains. Fletcher Previn making it easy for #IBM employees #IBMandBox pic.twitter.com/DLZMmGB5jn — Caroline seymour (@Carolineseymou1) September 7, 2016 My fair platform This is fully in line with experiences shared in 2015, when Previn said just 5 percent of IBM’s Mac users needed to call the help desk; In contrast, an astonishing 40 percent of PC staff request tech support help. At IBM last year just 25 staff supported 30,000 Macs. Moving to Mac has also had a big impact on employee engagement at IBM, which climbed 10 percent year-on-year, with an employee survey attributing this freshened up enthusiasm to IBM’s provision of “better tools for IT”. The company reports a hugely impressive “91 percent user satisfaction” from its Mac users. The longer this scheme runs the more compelling the business case becomes, he admits. “I can confidently say every Mac that we buy is making and saving IBM money,” Previn said in 2015. Big news at Jamf These are just some of the many big highlights emerging from this year’s record-breaking Apple IT administrator event from Jamf (formerly Jamf Software). The company introduced new and improved Device Management solutions to help support Apple in the enterprise, including JAMF Now, which is so simple that any Apple user should be able to manage numerous devices in SMEs and up. “We want to provide a simple environment where anyone with or without tech skills can manage and deploy apps,” Jamf CEO, Dean Hager told me. In a refreshing philosophical departure from the complex management ecosystem of other platforms, he said, “Managing your devices is not something you should have to spend too much intellectual capital on.” It also announced that the number of customers it serves has climbed rapidly. It now includes nine of the top ten banks; eight of the top ten universities, all ten top marketing groups and seven out of ten tech companies. Nineteen of the top 25 global organizations use Jamf to manage their Mac deployments. Hager noted that even at the high-end enterprise level, “once they become a Jamf customer, they remain a customer.” The all-new Jamf Pro 10 was announced, this ships next year. #jnuc2016 pic.twitter.com/xIdY3ZDrRd — Rich Trouton (@rtrouton) October 19, 2016 Closing Windows? IBM’s ringing endorsement of Apple’s platforms for use across the enterprise is just one of many in recent months. Cisco claims Apple delivers the “world’s most innovative mobile tech,” while Deloitte recently claimed Apple products are “essential to the modern workforce”. Just last month, Mike Gilfix, IBM’s VP of Mobile First and Smarter Process told me: “Swift is now ready for the enterprise.” As Apple introduces new Macs and as we see big enterprise names evangelize its platforms even as enterprise IT replacement budgets open up for another year, it will be interesting to see how big a slice of the PC industry Apple carves for itself in the next 12-months. We already know Macs are replacing PCs across the enterprise at “an unprecedented rate”. Google+? If you use social media and happen to be a Google+ user, why not join AppleHolic's Kool Aid Corner community and join the conversation as we pursue the spirit of the New Model Apple? Want Apple TV tips? If you want to learn how to get the very best out of your Apple TV, please visit my Apple TV website. Got a story? Drop me a line via Twitter or in comments below and let me know. I'd like it if you chose to follow me on Twitter so I can let you know when fresh items are published here first on Computerworld. RELATED TOPICS Apple Mac Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Apple IBM MacBook Pro Windows 10 Previous Post 15 tips every Mac user should know Next Post US hospital's iPad patient plan and Apple's bid for mHealth Jonny Evans Jonny is a freelance writer who has been writing (mainly about Apple and technology) since 1999. The latest in IT services? CIO hired guns View Comments You Might Like Join the discussion Be the first to comment on this article. Our Commenting Policies What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources White Paper 200G Compact Solution Data Sheet White Paper 451 Research: Interconnection 101 White Paper Agile Portfolio Management White Paper Building a Software-Defined WAN with NetScaler SD-WAN White Paper Citrix NetScaler SD-WAN Product Overview Go Top Stories Cisco names 10 cities using its cloud-based smart service Cisco, which has promoted its smart city technologies for more than two years, announced that 10... The top 12 overused IT terms A lot of what we talk about in IT confuses the heck out of our business-side colleagues. Check your Facebook account right now; you might be dead Oops. Facebook made a big mistake. It is reporting that people are dead. Disputing Citi’s dispute change Citi has taken a step in the right direction by allowing cardholders to dispute charges from within its... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
null
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any... Daily Deals: Amazon Echo $120, 23-inch HP display $87, and more   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple teams up with homebuilders on integrating HomeKit devices By Christian Zibreg, Oct 19, 2016 Tweet 7 Comments Apple is reportedly teaming up with homebuilders to inch its way into the market for Internet-connected home furnishings in an effort to “bring home automation to the mainstream,” according to Greg Joswiak, who is Apple’s Vice President of Product Marketing. Bloomberg quoted Joswiak as saying that “the best place to start is at the beginning, when a house is just being created.” The Cupertino firm is ostensibly partnering with various building companies to integrate support for HomeKit platform directly into houses. One example mentioned in the article includes a HomeKit-enabled four-bedroom stucco house in Alameda, California which integrates some $30,000 worth of HomeKit devices, such as multiple Lutron’s $349 automated shading system devices, Schlage’s $199 Connect Touchscreen Deadbolts and other home automation hardware. By integrating HomeKit into homes, building companies hope to attract more buyers who may not necessarily want to go through the complex ordeal of setting up things like smart blinds and locks. “The gamble is that pricey wireless home devices will be an easier sell when bundled into the home itself,” explains Bloomberg. “Builders market granite countertops and brushed-nickel fixtures at thousands of models homes across the U.S. Why not video doorbells?” Consumers will buy about $24 billion worth of connected home devices in 2016, according to Strategy Analytics, with sales estimated to nearly double by 2020. I haven’t used any HomeKit devices yet because I find the current crop of HomeKit-compatible appliances a bit on the pricey side. That said, I’ll be making sure to outfit my home with smart bulbs, door locks and other smart devices in the future. Have you used HomeKit and if so, what was your experience with it? Source: Bloomberg Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend AirPods production said to kick off in December AirPods could launch next week, according to this Apple reseller AirPods may not ship until January 2017 Bloomberg: Apple gives up building a car, for now Related Topics Accessories, Apple, Bloomberg, Connected Home, HomeKit, News, Rumors Hussain Alsanona Haven’t bought anything yet, but I think in the future I will. sshadowssin This was my exact approach when building my home this past year. If I wasn’t able to afford the hardware at the time, I prepped for it. Schlage deadbolt as well as a few other HomeKit items and wired/Wire free Arlo camera system. Jamessmooth Same here. have you installed the Schlage and/or Arlo? Curious to hear your thoughts. When my home finishes next year, I’ll be in the market. sshadowssin I really like my Arlo system, its super user friendly. I have experienced some “this item appears to be offline” errors regarding some cameras, but I’d give it an 8/10 on reliability. Their latest system, Arlo Pro, is my next addition. I tried some Dlink cameras but they were very unreliable and rarely loaded. I have an ecobee as well and love that. I’m waiting for an automated hvac vent startup to add compatibility to ecobee so the independent sensors in each room can control how much heat/ac each room gets by opening or closing each vent. The schlage deadbolt is one of my favorites. I can allow people into my Home from any remote location, given internet access. What’s more convenient is my garage door openers. I was able to open my garage to allow a friend to borrow something while I was vacationing in Mexico. Unfortunately unlike the Schlage, those are not HomeKit compatible. They’re MyQ by chamberlain. Jamessmooth very nice to know, thank you. I checked out the arlo pro and that seems very promising. Jamessmooth I’m building a house now and I wish our builder did this! I already have 2 homekit enabled devices (Ecobee3… which I recommend strongly) and I’ve loved them. I don’t use Siri functionality hardly ever, though. Smegmatron Yes because turning the light off manually from your night table is sooooo mainstream   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Reviewers weigh in on the new MacBook Pro… Nonprofits in U.S. now able to accept donations using Apple Pay Apple seeds third beta of iOS 10.2, macOS Sierra 10.12.2, and tvOS 10.1 to developers KGI (again) predicts iPhone demand has peaked for the year due to lackluster improvements Apple spent years testing if touchscreens made sense on the Mac   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
null
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Report: Apple planning an e-ink keyboard for its 2018 MacBooks Listen | Print By James Walker     Oct 19, 2016 in Technology Apple is working on a radical reimagining of the traditional keyboard that will see it replace ordinary key caps with tiny e-ink displays. The keyboard will be able to display characters in any language and switch to other modes, such as emoji input. Apple is expected to unveil a new range of MacBooks later this month. It is saving the innovative keyboard tech for a 2018 launch though, according to a report in the Wall Street Journal today. The company is aiming to create a keyboard with "an unlimited number of special commands and emojis," making it easier to input special characters and infrequently used symbols. Each key will include an e-ink display. This will allow the key layout to change at the touch of a button. Users will be able to switch between regular typing, emoji and specialised modes for different kinds of application. Gamers will be able to set up a macro layer of frequently used commands while graphic designers could create hot-keys for important functions. The development will see Apple bring a staple of the mobile landscape, a wide variety of keyboard modes, to desktop PCs. It's common for people to send emoji on smartphones because of the emoji keyboard built into modern operating systems. It's much harder to access emoji on traditional PCs though. Apple is said to be working with Australian startup company Sonder Design on the new keyboard. Foxconn-backed Sonder has already created an e-ink keyboard. Last week, the Guardian reported that Apple is currently in talks to acquire Sonder, suggesting the company is interested in its technology and wants exclusive access to its keyboards. The evidence appears to imply Apple's e-ink keyboard will become a real MacBook feature. However, not everyone is satisfied that such a device is actually in the company's plans. As AppleInsider pointed out, The Wall Street Journal references The Guardian's claims that Apple CEO Tim Cook met with Sonder chief executive Francisco Serra-Martins in China last week. Sonder has denied the rumours. The Wall Street Journal's other source is a since-deleted Reddit thread. The original poster demonstrated a prototype Sonder keyboard and claimed Apple is in talks to buy the company. AppleInsider has since investigated the device though, confirming it's a prototype of a Sonder device that has no connection to Apple. It will be launched under Sonder's name in the future. With the report looking less than trustworthy, it's worth taking this rumour with a hefty pinch of salt for now. If you're interested in the idea of an e-ink keyboard, Sonder's upcoming cross-platform model will soon be available to purchase. According to the Wall Street Journal's anonymous sources, you'll also be able to find similar technology integrated into 2018 MacBooks as a standard feature across the range. More about Apple, Macbook, Laptops, eink, Keyboards   Apple Macbook Laptops eink Keyboards Latest News Top News Google now has its own fake news problem Bird flu forcing many European countries to bring poultry indoors Trump gets 'arms around' foreign policy, talks to China's Xi Regulators shut down 20 nuclear plants — sub-standard parts used Russian fighter crashes in Mediterranean: defence ministry Charlie Miller claims thieves can hack self-driving cars remotely NHS email knocked offline as test message sent to every employee X-ray mystery surrounds Pluto Giant safety arch begins sliding over Chernobyl Op-Ed: Why Juan Manuel Marquez can't resist talking about Manny Pacquiao Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2016 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
Tech News Downloads Software Store Search for: BetaNews Hot Topics: Windows 10 Microsoft Apple Cloud Tablets Android Security Reviews Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Linked-in RSS The high cost of NOT buying Apple By Randall C. Kennedy Published 1 month ago 82 Comments Tweet Call me a cheapskate, but I’ve always been a bit stingy when it comes to spending on technology. Maybe it’s all those years spent testing and reviewing hardware for myriad trade publications (and the parade of free "extended loaners" I received). Or maybe it’s my insider knowledge of tech trends that makes me hesitant to pay top dollar for something I know will be obsolete inside of a year. But regardless of the motivation, I’ve steadfastly resisted the "urge to splurge" on high-profile technology products. Case in point: Apple. When the original iPhone came out, I dismissed it as a toy and stuck with my feature phone. And when the iPad debuted, I ignored the tablet sector entirely for nearly two years before investing in what I thought was a technically superior (and by that time, heavily discounted) Blackberry Playbook. Later, when it came time to equip a school project I was working on with tablet computers, I eschewed the by-then-ubiquitous iPad 2 in favor of a much cheaper (again, due to heavy discounting) assortment of Acer Iconia tablets running Android. And when I finally decided it was time to get myself (and later, my teenage children) smartphones, I again went with the el-cheapo options: A Samsung Galaxy Avant for me; Alcatel One Touch Fierce XL "phablets" for the kids. In each instance, I saved big bucks vs. buying the equivalent Apple products. The Playbook cost me under $250, versus over $500 for an entry-level iPad 2. The Acer tablets were had for under $200 apiece off eBay. And both the Samsung Galaxy Avant and Alcatel One Touch phones cost less than $100 per device through the local Metro PCS shop. But hidden in those discounted prices was literally thousands of dollars’ worth of frustration and buyer’s remorse. Take the Playbook, for example. When I first bought it, Research in Motion (RIM) was promising a free upgrade to its "amazing new BlackBerry 10" operating system. Any deficiencies with the current product (e.g. no email client, no Skype, few mainstream apps to speak of) would be rectified once "BB10" shipped the next year. Of course, it was all hot air. As anyone familiar with the Playbook debacle will tell you, RIM (later rebranded as simply "BlackBerry") screwed over its entire Playbook customer base by dropping BB10 support for the device less than 18 months after the Playbook had debuted. In a nutshell, it left its customers stranded on a rapidly sinking island with no migration path and an obscure OS that nobody developed for. It was possibly the worst technology investment I’ve ever made. I fared somewhat better with the Acer tablets. The Iconia A200s were well-built, durable and held-up well against the abuse inflicted upon them by a range of middle and high-school students. But like RIM and the Playbook, Acer soon stopped updating its product when it became clear it would never be commercially successful. This left me with a computer lab full of tablets running Android 4.0 "Ice Cream Sandwich" on aging NVidia Tegra 2 processors. It was a combination that rendered them incapable of running many newer Apps (e.g. Microsoft Office for Android). And while I did manage to upgrade a few of the Iconias with a "homebrew" version of Android 4.4.4 "KitKat", this change introduced its own set of problems (random bugs, instabilities) while still not resolving the compatibility issues. Eventually, we had to toss the lot of them and go in a different direction. The Samsung Galaxy Avant proved to be somewhat of a mixed bag. At first it was great. Performance was adequate, and the LTE speeds (at least in the U.S.) were excellent. But before long, the "el cheapo tax" kicked-in. First, Samsung reneged on its promise to upgrade the device to Android 5.0 "Lollipop" (the Avant shipped with Android 4.4.2 "KitKat" in 2014). Then the company dropped support for the product altogether -- this, a scant six months after introducing it. Once again, I looked to the "homebrew" community for options and was able to update the device to an Android Open Kang Project (AOKP) implementation of Android 4.4.4. But the combination of poor sales (and thus a small community), a convoluted hardware device driver tree (many non-standard components), and fickle "homebrew" developers (never put your hope in guys with screen names like "dfuse"), meant that was as far as I got. My Avant is now three OS generations behind the times and the list of unresolved bugs and newly discovered incompatibilities grows daily. What about those Alcatel "phablets" I bought for the kiddies? They worked great in the U.S., but once we took them overseas to our home on Mauritius, we discovered the downside of buying a $59.00 smartphone from a discount wireless provider: Lack of frequency support. Since the local Orange and Emtel networks use less common 3G and LTE bands, both devices are stuck at 2G speeds (even my Avant is stuck on "HSPA+" here). Needless to say, I’m not the most popular person in my kids’ lives at the moment. The moral of this story is that, by trying to avoid the "Apple Tax", I ended up "costing" myself more in terms of user frustration and abandoned products. At each stage in my mobile device odyssey I would have been better off if I’d simply bought Apple. An iPad 2 instead of the Playbook. More iPad 2s instead of the Iconia tablets. An iPhone 5s instead of the Galaxy Avant. And maybe some refurbished iPhones for the kids. Sure, I saved some money up front. But I also ended up with lots of useless, depreciating junk. Much of what I bought is now all but worthless on the resale market. By contrast, when those iPad 2s became dated I could have easily unloaded them on eBay for a decent price. And even a used iPhone 5s is still desirable to many budget-conscious Apple buyers -- the upside of investing in an "aspirational" brand. Fortunately, I’ve learned my lesson. The next time I buy phones for my kids, they’ll be iPhones. Ditto for the wife and any future tablet purchases (yeah, I got her a Playbook as well -- big mistake). And though I couldn’t bring myself to buy Apple when I went shopping for my aging Galaxy Avant’s replacement (I blame "fruit allergies"), I did increase my budget significantly. Instead of buying another one of Samsung’s budget-friendly, low-end models, I decided to splurge on a top-of-the-line Galaxy S7. Because, at the end of the day, you really do "get what you pay for". And I figure by paying top dollar up front I’m avoiding the many hidden costs of buying on the cheap. After all, when you’re spending this kind of money on a high-end electronics device from an established, well-respected vendor, what’s the worst that could happen? Image Credit: Michele Paccione / Shutterstock 82 Comments Tweet Got News? Contact Us Recent Headlines What you need to know about enterprise mobility LG V20 Android 7.0 Nougat smartphone [Review] What you need to know about business broadband Don't take part in a DDoS botnet Oops! Leak reveals Microsoft is to launch Visual Studio for Mac Microsoft goes greener by purchasing massive amounts of wind energy Microsoft has huge Black Friday savings on Surface devices, Windows 10 PCs and Xbox One S Most Commented Stories Furious Kaspersky is 'disappointed and dismayed' with Microsoft 362 Comments President Trump: The hangover 272 Comments Hillary Clinton will definitely be president, according to Microsoft 200 Comments How to block Windows 10 popups for Microsoft Edge and Bing Rewards 156 Comments Google is altering Donald Trump vs Hillary Clinton 2016 Presidential Election results 127 Comments © 1998-2016 BetaNews, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Report: Apple, Inc. to Unveil New Macs Next Week Here's what investors should know ahead of Apple's rumored product event. Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Oct 19, 2016 at 11:16AM Image source: The Motley Fool. After rescheduling its fiscal fourth-quarter earnings report earlier this month due to a "scheduling conflict," many wondered if Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) was planning a product event. Sure enough, the tech giant is set to launch new Macs on Oct. 27, according to a report from Recode on Monday evening. What to expect Assuming Recode's report is accurate (the technology news website founded by longtime tech journalists Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher has proved to be a reliable source in cases like this), the event will be focused on new Macs and is "expected to take place at or near Apple's Cupertino campus rather than in San Francisco." While Recode doesn't specify which new Mac models will be updated on Thursday, rumors in the active Apple rumor mill point to a likely launch of new MacBook Pro models. Macbook. Image source: Apple. MacRumors expects the new MacBook Pro to get a total overhaul, taking some design cues from the new Macbook: The new MacBook Pro is said to include a redesigned, thinner body with a flatter MacBook-style keyboard, an OLED touch panel that replaces the physical function keys at the top of the keyboard, and Touch ID support. It is expected to do away with the USB-A port, HDMI port, and SD card slot, featuring just four USB-C ports based on part leaks, and it is said to include support for USB 3.1 and Thunderbolt 3. Other products that could potentially be refreshed on Thursday are Apple's Macbook Air, iMac, Mac Pro, and Mac mini -- all overdue for a refresh. Why it matters Assuming Apple can begin shipping any announced products soon after its event, an Oct. 27 product event would be well timed. New Macs launching shortly after the event would give Apple a fresh new lineup as it heads into the important holiday season. Further, this would mean Apple would get to show off new Mac products to customers visiting the Apple store to upgrade to the new iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, which were announced in September. It's difficult to overstate the importance of Apple's holiday quarter. It is historically the company's biggest. In Apple's first fiscal quarter of 2016, for instance, the company posted a record $75.9 billion in quarterly revenue -- up 47% from the fiscal fourth quarter of 2015. On average, analysts currently expect revenue during the holiday quarter of $74.6 billion, up a whopping 76% sequentially but down 1.7% year over year. Could hot, new Macs be what Apple needs to push total revenue into year-over-year growth for the quarter? At about 12% of Apple's revenue, overhauled Mac products could have a small, but noticeably positive, impact on the company's top and bottom line, particularly since the segment is already in need of new products based on declining Mac sales in recent quarters. In Q1, Q2, and Q3, Apple's Mac revenue decreased year over year, with segment revenue declining a steep 13% year over year in Q3. New Macs, therefore, have the potential to bring the segment back to growth and possibly even give Apple's overall revenue and earnings a boost. Apple's rescheduled earnings release for its fiscal fourth quarter will take place on Tuesday, Oct. 25 -- two days before Apple's rumored product event. Will robust expectations for new Mac products help Apple provide guidance for year-over-year revenue growth for Q1? Daniel Sparks owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel Sparks (TMFDanielSparks) Daniel Sparks is a senior technology specialist at The Motley Fool. He served in the U.S. Army on active duty and graduated with an MBA from Colorado State University. Follow @danielsparks Article Info Oct 19, 2016 at 11:16AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $105.71 down $-2.72 (-2.51%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish 2018 MacBooks Will Reportedly Feature Dynamic E Ink Keyboards By Adnan Farooqui on 10/19/2016 08:17 PST We have seen rumors in the past that Apple might bring E Ink keyboards to MacBooks and now a major news outlet is claiming that Apple will introduce its new keyboard for notebooks with the 2018 MacBook lineup. According to a report published by The Wall Street Journal, Apple is working with Australian startup Sonder on a dynamic E Ink. Sonder is also going to launch its own Bluetooth E Ink keyboard later this year. There’s a reason why these keyboards will be called “dynamic,” because not only will they have the conventional QWERTY layout, but they will also feature different alphabets and context-sensitive buttons for different apps and services. The scribe claims to have heard that Apple will introduce E Ink keyboards with the 2018 MacBooks from people familiar with the plans. It also points towards another article published recently by the Guardian which claims that Apple is actually in talks to buy Sonder. Nothing concrete has been shown or leaked yet and all of this is based on hearsay. Until there’s conclusive evidence to showcase the possibility that this might happen, it would be best to take this with a grain of salt. Then again, Apple is known for making radical leaps in technology, and an E Ink keyboard in a MacBook would certainly classify as such. Filed in Computers. Read more about Macbook. Related Articles 2016-11-03 Snapnator Brings MagSafe Back To The MacBook 2016-11-02 Apple Drops SSD Upgrade Prices On Older Mac Computers 2016-11-01 Future MacBook Pros Could Sport OLED Screens 2016-11-01 MacBook Shipments Could See 15-25% Decline Due To Expensive New Models 2016-10-27 Apple Explains Why The MacBook Will Never Have A Touchscreen Thief Steals Galaxy Note 7, It Ends Up Exploding Snapchat Introduces New AR ‘World Lenses’ Feature The Sega Genesis Will Be Going Back Into Production AT&T DirecTV Now Streaming Service Might Offer Free Apple TVs New HTC Bolt Rendering Leaked In Black Uncourage Keychain Helps Prevent Losing The iPhone 7’s 3.5mm Adapter User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
null
null
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Here are all the apps that support the 2016 MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar and Touch ID November 14, 2016 Google’s new Play Music app is both smarter and prettier November 14, 2016 Nintendo Switch will cost $330 in Canada, according to Toys R Us leak November 14, 2016 Google Photos on Android can now generate animations while offline November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Huawei passed on opportunity to manufacture Google’s Pixel smartphones, company executive confirms November 14, 2016 OnePlus 4 will feature 8GB, QHD display and more, according to new leak November 14, 2016 Force Touch-like feature could be coming to Samsung’s Galaxy S8 November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 The water resistant Asus ZenWatch 3 is now available in Canada for $349.99 November 13, 2016 HTC Vive goes wireless with new, expensive upgrade kit November 11, 2016 Google says Cardboard app compatibility will soon come to the Daydream View November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 GoPro recalls about 2,500 recently-launched Karma drones November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Here are all the apps that support the 2016 MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar and Touch ID November 14, 2016 Google’s new Play Music app is both smarter and prettier November 14, 2016 Nintendo Switch will cost $330 in Canada, according to Toys R Us leak November 14, 2016 Google Photos on Android can now generate animations while offline November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week November 13, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 Google Assistant to launch third-party developer platform in December November 10, 2016 Tim Cook wrote a letter to Apple’s American employees following Trump’s presidential win November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 Pixel and Pixel XL Hands-on: Say goodbye to Nexus October 4, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 The rise of the synthetic personality: can chatbots be our friends? November 12, 2016 5 of the most horrific mobile games you can play on Halloween October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 Vancouver’s Roadhouse Interactive closes shop, over 100 developers out of work September 21, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Tech industry has added 51,000 jobs in Toronto since 2010 Rogers reportedly undertook its quest to replace Guy Laurence seven months ago Apple will reportedly debut a new e-ink display based keyboard in 2018 Zachary Gilbert October 19, 2016 11:13am With a 2016 Apple Mac event creeping closer, more news about future Apple products are coming to light. In the latest round of Apple news, the company is reportedly looking to turn the keyboard industry on its head with a new keyboard based on e-ink technology, according to The Wall Street Journal. The keyboard will come in two year’s time as part of the company’s 2018 Macbook Pro lineup, reports the WSJ. The keyboard tech Apple is said to be using is developed by Sonder Design Pty Ltd., an Australian startup backed by Foxconn. Sonder’s e-ink keyboard is able to shift its layout depending on the current need of the user. For Photoshop users, for example, the keyboard could show various tools directly on the keyboard, obviating the need for the user to remember complicated keyboard shortcuts. Similarly, this type of keyboard could be of great use to people who know more than one language. SourceThe Wall Street Journal Andrew Robson That’s a fantastic idea. fruvous But screen keyboards have been out for a while, mainly using LCD. Mac fans will make it sound like Apple invented it and it’s better than anything that existed before. Brad Fortin Reviews for this type of keyboard, like the Optimus keyboard, have typically been mixed. Hopefully this will be better. Jason I love the idea but its going to be really expensive Brad Fortin Don’t forget the Optimus keyboard, from way back in 2007. FlamesFan89 Ugh, more chiclet keyboards. Seriously, why to they hate people that type? And why do other OEMs follow suit by insulting anyone who uses a computer for a living with these atrocious keyboards? Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
MacDailyNews WELCOME HOME! Apple and Mac News Login · Register News Opinion Contact App Facebook Tumblr Twitter RSS Archives Widget Opinion Archive Nov 2016 The pundits are wrong about Apple - again Nov 2016 Is Apple selling a MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable for $79 a step too far? Nov 2016 Who's winning the video streaming wars? Nov 2016 Why Donald Trump bests Hillary Clinton on key tech policies Nov 2016 Imagine a world without Apple's Mac Pro Current Headlines Latest Joy of Tech 9to5Mac Report: Apple ‘weighing’ possibility of releasing a pair of digital glasses Touché lets you easily test drive and screenshot Apple’s Touch Bar features on your Mac before upgrading You can now make donations to nonprofit organizations with Apple Pay Apple releases macOS 10.12.2 beta 3 for developers RIP Videos app as Apple replaces it with more capable TV in iOS 10 beta 3 tvOS 10.1 developer beta 3 is now available for Apple TV New Beats Solo3 Wireless ad highlights battery life, on-ear controls – take $80 off at Amazon Apple releases iOS 10.2 beta 3: New ‘Love’ Messages screen effect, SOS India-only, Videos hidden by default 9to5Toys Last Call: AirPort 2TB Time Capsule $199, iTunes Gift Cards 15% off, SmartThings Accessory Sale, more The best apps for the new MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar & Touch ID Apple’s new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar will be in stock, available to try at Apple Stores this week KGI: iPhone sales have peaked, supply orders will decline 5-15%; China growth flat Customers start receiving new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, most early orders set to deliver this week Schiller: Apple tried touch screen MacBooks but doesn’t work for iMacs, landed on Touch Bar instead Samsung moves deeper into audio and in-car tech in Beats-like acquisition of Harman International MacRumors Apple Highlights Mac Apps Updated With Support for MacBook Pro Touch Bar What's New in iOS 10.2 Beta 3: TV App Updates, SOS and Videos App Removed New MacBook Pro's Dedicated AMD Graphics Chips Are 'Significantly' Faster and Support Dual 5K Displays Apple Seeds Third macOS Sierra 10.12.2 Beta to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] Apple Seeds Third Beta of iOS 10.2 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] Phil Schiller Says Apple Tested and Rejected Touch Screen Macs, Finding It 'Absurd' on a Desktop First Customers Begin to Receive New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar iPhone 7 Demand Has 'Peaked' as Shipments Forecasted to Decline Significantly Over Next Two Months New MacBook Pro Reviews Mixed as Touch Bar Called Everything From 'Useful' to 'Gimmick' Revamped Google Play Music Streams Content Based on User Location, Activity, and Time of Day AppleInsider Apple opens up Apple Pay donations to non-profit organizations New app 'Touche' simulates MacBook Pro Touch Bar on other Macs Apple seeds third developer betas of iOS 10.2, macOS 10.12.2 & tvOS 10.1 MacMall has MacBook Pros with Touch Bar that will ship this week; grab one before they're gone Google revamps Play Music with recommended playlists based on location, time & activity Apple SVP Phil Schiller addresses Touch Bar, other MacBook Pro concerns Deals: $80 off Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphones; $270 off 2015 13" MacBook Pro; $20 off 128GB unlocked iPhone 7 Microsoft to bring Visual Studio to Mac later this week Quick take video review: Apple's 15" MacBook Pro with Touch Bar is an exciting upgrade Samsung buys Harman for $8B in deal that could pave way for 'Apple Car' competition MacNN Goodbye from MacNN, and Managing Editor Mike Wuerthele Rumor Roundup: Oh yes it is! Oh no it isn't! Spotify claims app update rejection by Apple 'raises serious concerns' Best of MacNN: the MacNN Podcast, episode 25: My Stupid Cat's Fault MacNN Deals: Increase your productivity with these Mac apps Best of MacNN: Lawyer sues Apple for not preventing his porn addiction Hands On: macOS Sierra, part two Tekserve closing NYC store on July 31 after 29 years of service Giveaway: Final reminder of all current MacNN Deals competitions Bang & Olufsen unveils Beoplay H5 wireless earphones Daring Fireball Touché: Touch Bar for Everyone [Sponsor] Victory: A Charting Library for React.js and React Native Intercom A Pro Video Editor’s Look at the New MacBook Pro The Talk Show: ‘Holiday Party’ Donald Trump Is Elected President in Stunning Repudiation of the Establishment New York Times Election Front Pages, 1852–2012 Four-Year-Old Reddit Thread on the Then-New MacBook Pros Twitter Still Might Save Vine by Selling It Only Microsoft Could Make Teams T-GAAP Will a President Trump or Clinton Help Apple The Most? Back to Steve Jobs 4-Quadrant Mac Approach Apple Just Made Notebook Touch Screens Stupid Samsung Note 7 Owners Were Loyal To Samsung, Not Android Apple's Desktop Macs Are In Trouble Cult of Mac Check out this week’s best tech, tools and lessons [Deals] Apple Stores go green in advance of Earth Day Apple taps Surface Pro hinge maker for super-thin MacBooks How Steve Jobs and the industrial design team saved Apple, this week on The CultCast Use free Snapseed on iPad to tune your photos to best effect Apple reveals how long its devices typically last Drawings reveal new buildings inside Apple’s ‘spaceship’ campus Apple reaches deal with Samsung to buy OLED iPhone displays iPhone recycling is Apple’s latest gold mine Apple looks to paid search to ‘improve’ discoverability on App Store Macworld UK Best Mac for designers buying guide 2016/2017 | Best Mac for graphic design Best iPhone 7 cases & iPhone 7 Plus cases 16 best speakers 2016 UK | Best wireless speaker | Best Bluetooth speaker iPhone 9 and beyond: 30 amazing features of the smartphone of the future New MacBook Air 2016 UK release date rumours New iOS 11 release date rumours UK | iOS 11 new features rumours How to delete music from iPhone in iOS 10 7 Sierra menu bar tips: How to use Mac menu bar in macOS Sierra iPad mini 5 release date rumours UK | iPad mini 5 specs & new features wishlist New iPhone SE 2 release date rumours UK | New iPhone SE specs & UK price rumours CNET iPhone Update Make your iPhone read aloud to you - CNET Moment lenses are ready for your iPhone 7 - CNET iOS 10 notifications look the same, but work a lot differently - CNET 9 reasons you should keep your current iPhone - CNET Why you'll soon forget the iPhone ever had a headphone jack - CNET Apple could launch an iPhone with curved screen - CNET iPhone 7 may sport pressure-sensitive home button, Space Black paint job - CNET iPhone 7 Plus purported mockup reveals blue paint job and more - CNET iPhone 7 preorders could start September 9 - CNET Hillary Clinton iPhone app aims to drum up and reward supporters - CNET Nov 14, 2016 - 05:15 PM UTC — AAPL: 105.71 (-2.72, -2.51%) | NASDAQ: 5218.40 (-18.72, -0.36%) Gartner: Apple falls below 20% in smartphone market share Tuesday, May 14, 2013 · 2:32 pm · 36 Comments Worldwide mobile phone sales to end users totaled nearly 426 million units in the first quarter of 2013, a slight increase of 0.7 percent from the same period last year, according to Gartner, Inc. Worldwide smartphone sales totaled 210 million units in the first quarter of 2013, up 42.9 percent from the first quarter of 2012. The Asia/Pacific region was the only region to show growth in mobile phone sales this quarter, with a 6.4 percent increase year-on-year. “More than 226 million mobile phones were sold to end users in Asia/Pacific in the first quarter of 2013, which helped the region increase its share of global mobile phones to 53.1 percent year-on-year,” said Anshul Gupta, principal research analyst at Gartner. “In addition, China saw its mobile phone sales increase 7.5 percent in the first quarter of 2013, and its sales represented 25.7 percent of global mobile phone sales, up nearly 2 percentage points year-on-year. “The Chinese and local manufacturers have been exemplary at addressing the demands of buyers by offering affordable devices with optimum features such as 2.5G (EDGE) instead of 3G in a smartphone. In the smartphone market, local and Chinese manufacturers are making faster inroads as they account for 29 percent share in the first quarter of 2013, up from 13.2 percent a year ago.” In the first quarter of 2013, sales of mobile phones in the EMEA region declined 3.6 percent. The North America and Latin America’s mobile phone market fell 9.5 and 3.8 percent, respectively, while Japan saw its mobile phone sales drop 7.3 percent. Mobile Phone Vendor Perspective Samsung: Samsung remained in the No. 1 position, growing 13 percent in the first quarter of 2013 (see Table 1). Its share of smartphones reached 30.8 percent, up 3.2 percentage points from the first quarter of 2012 (see Table 2). “We expect the new Galaxy S4 to be very popular despite being more of an evolution than a truly revolutionary device compared to the S3,” said Mr. Gupta. Nokia: Its mobile phone share dropped 4.9 percentage points in the first quarter of 2013 mainly due to a steep decline in feature phone sales. Although Nokia’s Windows Phone sales have sequentially improved reaching a volume of 5.1 million units, Nokia is yet to see high growth in the smartphone segment. Nokia’s position in the smartphone market dropped to No. 10 in the first quarter of 2013, from No. 8 in the fourth quarter of 2012. Apple: Sales to end users reached 38.3 million units in the first quarter of 2013 as Apple was able to burn some of the inventory built at the end of 2012 as iPhone 5 was rolling out in more markets, and as the company prepared for Chinese New Year. China is a key contributor to overall sales for Apple, and Gartner analysts saw evidence of this in the first quarter of 2013, when sales reached close to 7 million units in mainland China alone thanks to the lower price of the iPhone 4. “Apple is faced with the challenge of being increasingly dependent on the replacement market as its addressable market is capped. The next two quarters will also be challenging, as there are no new products are expected to be coming before the third quarter of 2013,” said Mr. Gupta. LG electronics moved in front of ZTE in the first quarter of 2013 for the No. 4 position. ZTE had a weak performance, failing to grow its smartphone sales, selling 7.9 million smartphones in the first quarter of 2013, a 5.1 percent decline from the fourth quarter of 2012. Table 1: Worldwide Mobile Phone Sales to End Users by Vendor in 1Q13 (Thousands of Units) Source: Gartner (May 2013) In the first quarter of 2013, smartphones accounted for 49.3 percent of sales of mobile phones worldwide. This is up from 34.8 percent in the first quarter of 2012, and 44 percent in the fourth quarter of 2012. On the other hand, sales of feature phones contracted 21.8 percent in the first quarter of 2013. “Feature phones users across the world are either finding their existing phones good enough or are waiting for smartphones prices to drop further, either way the prospect of longer replacement cycles is certainly not a good news for both vendors and carriers looking to move users forward,” said Mr. Gupta. Table 2: Worldwide Smartphone Sales to End Users by Vendor in 1Q13 (Thousands of Units) Source: Gartner (May 2013) In the smartphone operating system (OS) market (see Table 3), Android continued to increase its lead, with nearly 50 percent more Android smartphones in the market than a year ago. “There are two clear leaders in the OS market and Android’s dominance in the OS market is unshakable,” Mr. Anshul said. “With new OSs coming to market such as Tizen, Firefox and Jolla we expect some market share to be eroded but not enough to question Android’s volume leadership. Table 3: Worldwide Smartphone Sales to End Users by Operating System in 1Q13 (Thousands of Units) Source: Gartner (May 2013) Additional information is in the Gartner report “Market Share Analysis: Mobile Phones, Worldwide, 1Q13.” The report is available on Gartner’s website at http://www.gartner.com/document/2482415?ref=QuickSearch&sthkw=G00252860. Source: Gartner, Inc. MacDailyNews Take: Yawn. Related articles: Chasing smartphone market share is a chump’s game; why Apple will win – May 13, 2013 How Apple’s iPhone beats Android in U.S. market share by 2015 – May 8, 2013 comScore: Apple outgrew both Samsung and Google’s Android in U.S. smartphone market share – May 3, 2013 The Church of Market Share revisited – April 26, 2013 iOS dominates Android: 75 cents of every dollar spent on mobile advertising is spent on Apple iOS devices – April 19, 2013 Android owners aren’t real smartphone owners – March 12, 2013 iPhone users watch twice as much online video as those with Android phones – March 12, 2013 Where are the Android users? – March 11, 2013 With 78% share, Apple’s iOS tightening its grip on the enterprise and taking share from Android – March 8, 2013 Apple rules the skies with 84% in-flight share vs. Android’s 16% – March 7, 2013 Apple iPad continues domination with over 80% usage share in U.S. and Canada – March 7, 2013 comScore: Google’s Android, Samsung continue to lose U.S. share to Apple’s iOS, iPhone – March 6, 2013 Apple iOS dominates mobile video viewing with 60% share vs. Android’s 32% – February 13, 2013 Android’s Web share down 13% since November; Apple’s iOS now over 60% – February 1, 2013 Android’s unit share growth has not hurt Apple’s profit share – February 26, 2013 Apple iOS dominates mobile video viewing with 60% share vs. Android’s 32% – February 13, 2013 Android’s Web share down 13% since November; Apple’s iOS now over 60% – February 1, 2013 IDC: Apple dominates worldwide tablet market with 43.6% unit share – January 31, 2013 The Android engagement paradox – November 26, 2012 People buy more Android phone units and do less with them vs. Apple’s revolutionary iPhone – November 14, 2012 Study: iPhone users vastly outspent Android users on apps, respond much better to ads – August 20, 2012 Categories: News Tags: gartner, iPhone, LG, market share, nokia, samsung, smartphone market share, smartphones, unit share Thank You for supporting MacDailyNews! Loading... Comment Feed 2 Comments « Previous 1 2 Jay Tuesday, May 14, 2013 - 6:35 pm · Reply Maybe the Andriod manufactures should report on units sold rather than units shipped. I bet if Apple reported this way, than Apple would be far above 50% world market share. Yet Apple reports on real numbers, which is actual units sold. BIG DIFFERENCE! Simply look at usage worldwide and iOS IS STILL ABOVE 60%! Eneida Lizarda Wednesday, October 19, 2016 - 11:25 am · Reply Nice blog here! Have you ever heard about Swisscoin? Now here is a new Cryptocurrency called Swisscoin. You can get free 100 coins on registration with a free rookie account before activating and get more coins as you activate with any package. This is the registration link: http://myswisscoin.net/ What do you think? « Previous 1 2 Add Your Feedback Name (required) Email (required) Web cancel reply Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Recent Articles The Wall Street Journal reviews Apple’s MacBook Pro: ‘More beautiful, svelter’ Now slavish copier Samsung looks to knock off Apple iPhone’s 3D Touch All the ways Roku Ultra beats Apple TV Just like Steve Jobs, president-elect Trump to take just $1 in annual salary If you want a new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, you have to wait until Christmas China warns Apple’s iPhone sales will suffer if President Trump starts a trade war Microsoft is bringing Visual Studio to Apple’s Mac Australian banks dismiss Android NFC past in Apple Pay negotiations Samsung buys automotive electronics-maker Harman for $8 billion to take on Apple, Google Mashable reviews Apple’s MacBook Pro: ‘Simply superb’ MacDailyNews Poll Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 21,429 other followers  Top 10 Free Mac Apps Xcode - Apple Microsoft Remote Desktop - Microsoft Corporation Kindle - AMZN Mobile LLC Flappy Golf 2 - Noodlecake Studios Inc The Unarchiver - Dag Agren App for Instagram - Instant at your desktop! - Joacim Ståhl Slack - Slack Technologies, Inc. Dr. Cleaner: Disk,Memory,System Optimizer - Trend Micro Fotor Photo Editor - Chengdu Everimaging Science and Technology Co., Ltd App for Youtube - Instant at your desktop! - Joacim Ståhl  Top 10 Paid Mac Apps GarageBand - Apple Magnet - CrowdCafé Disk Cleaner - Free Your Hard Drive Space, Clean Cache, Tune Your Drive - Pocket Bits LLC Logic Pro X - Apple Adware Doctor - Remove Adware, Malware, and Restore Your Browser - YONGMING ZHANG Final Cut Pro - Apple Affinity Photo - Serif Labs App for WhatsApp - Bastian Roessler Quicken 2017 - Quicken Inc. Civilization VI - Aspyr Media, Inc.  Top 10 Free iPad Apps YouTube - Watch and Share Videos, Music & Clips - Google, Inc. Netflix - Netflix, Inc. Perchang - Perchang Messenger - Facebook, Inc. Facebook - Facebook, Inc. MagiMobile – Mighty Magiswords Collection App - Cartoon Network Google Chrome – The Fast and Secure Web Browser - Google, Inc. XFINITY TV - Comcast Rolling Sky - Cheetah Technology Corporation Limited Pinterest - Pinterest  Top 10 iTunes Songs 24K Magic - Bruno Mars Closer (feat. Halsey) - The Chainsmokers Don't Wanna Know (feat. Kendrick Lamar) - Maroon 5 Hallelujah - Leonard Cohen Let Me Love You (feat. Justin Bieber) - DJ Snake Blue Ain't Your Color - Keith Urban Heathens - twenty one pilots Hallelujah - Pentatonix Juju on That Beat (TZ Anthem) - Zay Hilfigerrr & Zayion McCall CAN'T STOP THE FEELING! - Justin Timberlake  Top 10 iTunes Albums Trolls (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Various Artists A Pentatonix Christmas - Pentatonix You Want It Darker - Leonard Cohen The Essential Leonard Cohen - Leonard Cohen 57th & 9th (Deluxe) - Sting Simply Christmas - Leslie Odom, Jr. The Best of Leon Russell - Leon Russell Traveller - Chris Stapleton NOW That's What I Call Music!, Vol. 60 - Various Artists Collage - EP - The Chainsmokers  Top 10 iTunes Movies Star Trek Beyond - Justin Lin Kubo and the Two Strings - Travis Knight Hell or High Water - David Mackenzie Mechanic Resurrection - Dennis Gansel Contact - Robert Zemeckis Ghostbusters (2016) - Paul Feig Central Intelligence - Rawson Marshall Thurber The Legend of Tarzan (2016) - David Yates The Infiltrator - Brad Furman Independence Day: Resurgence - Roland Emmerich  Top 10 iTunes TV Shows Service - The Walking Dead Controversies & Legacies - Keeping Up With the Kardashians The Statement - Madam Secretary Reunion, Pt. 2 - The Real Housewives of New Jersey The Cell - The Walking Dead LCFLUTTER - Quantico Housewife House Wars - The Real Housewives of Atlanta The Room Where It Happens - Grey's Anatomy Ill Tidings - Elementary The Interrogation - Designated Survivor  Top 10 Audiobooks Night School: A Jack Reacher Novel, Book 21 (Unabridged) - Lee Child The Whistler (Unabridged) - John Grisham The Girl on the Train: A Novel (Unabridged) - Paula Hawkins The Wrong Side of Goodbye: A Harry Bosch Novel, Book 21 (Unabridged) - Michael Connelly Hillbilly Elegy: A Memoir of a Family and Culture in Crisis (Unabridged) - J. D. Vance How to Win Friends & Influence People (Unabridged) - Dale Carnegie The Chemist (Unabridged) - Stephenie Meyer Killing the Rising Sun: How America Vanquished World War II Japan (Unabridged) - Bill O'Reilly & Martin Dugard Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, Book 1 (Unabridged) - J.K. Rowling The Witness - Nora Roberts News Opinion Contact Main RSS Comments RSS Facebook Tumblr Twitter Archives Widget Advertise Privacy © Copyright 2002 - 2016 by MacDailyNews All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP  
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums Report: Apple prepping up new MacBook Pro for October 27 event by Eric Frederiksen  9:00 AM on October 19, 2016 The passing of each year implies the release of a new iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch. However, Apple is much slower about updating its core computing devices. The MacBook Pro has been subject to a few hardware refreshes in the last few years, but it hasn't seen a major overhaul since 2012. That's all set to change in just over a week at Apple's October 27 event, says Recode. Apple is expected to release a new MacBook Pro, along with updates to its Macbook Air and iMac lines, and a new 5K monitor. Since its inception, the MacBook Pro received Apple's Retina display and a Force Touch trackpad, but it's still largely the same laptop we're used to. Bloomberg reported in August that the new MacBook Pro will be a thinner device with a flatter keyboard. The highlight of the new keyboard is expected to be a feature internally called the "Dynamic Function Row," a small OLED touchscreen that will change appearance based on what the user's doing. Now would be the right time for Apple to bring a significantly updated computer to market. macOS Sierra is still fresh, and the holidays are still a couple months out. Additionally, analyst firm IDC says Apple has seen a decline in laptop sales in the last year. A new release would likely help with that. Tags: Mobile computing Mac Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... View full site Copyright ©1999-2016 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Infinite Loop / The Apple Ecosystem Report: Apple is working on e-ink keyboard for future MacBooks Apple said to be working with Sonder Design on keyboards for future laptops. by Andrew Cunningham - Oct 19, 2016 3:25 pm UTC Login to bookmark 105 Sonder Design's e-ink keyboard, currently available for pre-order. Sonder Design New Macs are right around the corner, but the rumor mill is already looking ahead. According to a report from the Wall Street Journal, Apple is said to be working on a customizable e-ink keyboard for future MacBooks. E-ink keycaps could easily be used to switch between multiple languages or give users easier access to macros and special characters like emoji. Apple reportedly plans to ship the keyboards in its computers beginning in 2018. Apple is said to be working with Sonder Design on the concept—the Australian company's $200 Sonder Keyboard is currently available for preorder, and it can be viewed as a proof-of-concept for these future Mac keyboards. Sonder's styling is already reminiscent of Apple's standard chiclet keyboards, so it's not hard to imagine a future revision that actually ships with Apple's products. Apple is currently said to be in acquisition talks with Sonder. Making standard hardware keyboards mimic the customizability and flexibility of iOS' software keyboard appears to be a major goal for Apple; new MacBook Pros, said to be coming at an event next week, will reportedly use a customizable OLED display bar in place of function keys. This approach might work for one row of keys, but an entire OLED keyboard would put a lot of pressure on a laptop's battery. E-ink is a more power-efficient way to accomplish the same goal. Expand full story Reader comments 105 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Andrew Cunningham / Andrew has a B.A. in Classics from Kenyon College and has over five years of experience in IT. His work has appeared on Charge Shot!!! and AnandTech, and he records a weekly book podcast called Overdue.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics AAPL BAC Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Dividend Stocks > Can Apple Inc. Become a Dividend Growth Stock? (AAPL) A tricky sector makes AAPL's long-term dividend prospect a tough call Oct 19, 2016, 11:00 am EST  |  By , Dividend Growth Investor     View All   Apple Inc. (AAPL) designs, manufactures, and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players to consumers, small and mid-sized businesses, education, and enterprise and government customers worldwide. The company is the largest publicly traded company in the US by market capitalization. The company started paying a dividend in 2012, and has been raising it every year since then. The company has done really well to its shareholders over the past decade, compounding at 27.62% per year for its shareholders. This performance is unlikely to be repeated over the next decade. This was due to the fact that popularity for its products was exploding, and the company was unveiling new premium products to satisfy consumer needs. Examples include the iPhone and the iPad. All of this resulted in massive growth in earnings per share from 32 cents in 2006 to $9.22 per share in 2015. The company is expected to earn $8.25 per share in 2016 and $9.02 per share in 2017. Apple has increased dividends for 4 years in a row, since it initiated a quarterly dividend in 2012 at roughly 38 cents per share. The last dividend increase was in April 2016, when the company raised its quarterly dividend by 9.60% to 57 cents per share. After the latest string of dividend increases, many investors are wondering if Apple can become the next dividend growth darling to fill in their portfolios at a lower valuation than many other companies. Apple is also working its way through a massive multi-billion dollars authorized share buyback plan, which could shrink the number of shares outstanding by a quarter. As a result of many innovative products that Apple has introduced, it is sitting on close to $231 billion in cash and cash investments and long-term investments. 7 Stocks to Buy That Will Grow by Double Digits This is offset by a long-term debt of $68.9 billion. The net effect of that represents close to 26% of Apple’s stock market capitalization.  The downside is that the vast majority of Apple’s cash hoard is stashed abroad. This is also due to the fact that a little less than 2/3rds of its sales are coming from outside the US. Due to the onerous nature of US tax laws, US corporations are taxed on their worldwide income. However, as long as they keep foreign earnings abroad, they do not need to pay corporate taxes on income, which can run up as high as 35%. This is why companies like Apple keep their earnings abroad, and instead access domestic debt markets as a way to use that liquidity that is trapped overseas. It is cheaper for Apple to take debt and pay 1% per year on it, rather than pay a 35% tax on net income earned overseas if it chooses to repatriate it to the US. According to reports I have been reading, Apple now has a brand which is supposedly more valuable than that of The Coca-Cola Co (KO). To be honest, I am not a big fan of Apple as an investment. The reason is that I guess I just cannot forecast whether earnings per share will be sustainable over next 5 – 10 years, or they will plateau and go down. The future value of the business 15 – 20 years from now will be largely driven out of the profits that will be generated in 15 – 20 years. Given the competitive nature of the technology industry, and the rapid product obsolescence, it is more difficult to determine the sustainability of Apple’s earnings. Currently, almost 2/3 rds of revenues are derived from sales of iPhones, while 10% of revenues are derived from the sale of iPads. The smartphone and the tablet were product categories that existed before, but Apple essentially created and invigorated with its product launches. Sales of Macs accounted for 11% of revenues and the rest is from services and other hardware. Next Page   1 2 View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/can-apple-become-a-dividend-growth-stock/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy 5 Tech Stocks in Trouble After Trump 4 Biotechs to Buy After Clinton’s Defeat 3 Mexican Stocks to Buy, 1 to Sell in Trump’s World 7 Mutual Funds That Should Be Banished From Your Portfolio 7 CEOs Heading to the Chopping Block by '18 Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 5 Tech Stocks in Trouble After Trump 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 3 Mexican Stocks to Buy, 1 to Sell in Trump’s World 7 Mutual Funds That Should Be Banished From Your Portfolio 4 Biotech Stocks to Buy After Clinton’s Defeat Most Popular Most Commented 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is a Post-Election Casualty 3 Stocks That Will Tank Under Donald Trump 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever Small Caps Leading the Party in the Markets Why Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN), Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) and Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (USA) (AEM) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is a Post-Election Casualty Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is the Hottest Ticket in Town 3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX), Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) and Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Technology Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Black Friday Holiday Gifts     An Amazon Fire Television Set Would Own Black Friday Posted: Oct 19 2016, 9:52am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News     Apple was long rumored to make a Smart TV. For many reasons it does not make sense for Apple to sell TVs, it would be a thing for Amazon to do. Amazon sold more then 90,000 TVs on Prime Day in July. The Amazon devices, lead by the new Fire TV stick, dominate the top 10 best selling electronics item on amazon.com. The book seller has become a consumer electronics power house with its line-up of streaming devices, smart assistants, tablets, and ebook reader. How To: Find Pokemon Go Plus In Stock It would be feasible for Amazon to make its own brand TV or even just partner with a TV maker to integrate its Fire TV platform like Roku does with TCL. The Amazon video service is an app on Roku, but a TV with the full Amazon Fire TV functionality would be an interesting products.  The advantage for Amazon to offer its own Smart TV would be the full control of pricing. An Amazon Television could be setting unseen sales records on Black Friday and Cyber Monday. While I would not envision a high-end Amazon 4K Ultra HD TV, I could see Amazon be successful with HD TVs in the low-end up to 4K TVs in the mid-range. The best-selling TV on Amazon.com right now is a 32-inch TCL Roku Smart TV for $168.88. This best-seller could be an Amazon Fire TV Set, if Amazon takes the plunge. Amazon does not have Apple's requirement to only offer high-end displays. This is one of the reasons why an Apple Television is not happening. It would end up super expensive, or without any margins for Apple. The Amazon devices are going to be a big attraction during the upcoming Amazon Black Friday 2016 sales. An Amazon Television could shake up this Holiday shopping season. You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News The Third-Party Apps That will Use MacBook’s Pro Touch Bar 8 hours ago Dell EMC unveils new IT products and solutions 9 hours ago Amazon Alexa Prize Competing Teams include Students from Berkeley, Princeton and Carnegie-Mellon 9 hours ago Technology and Fashion: Why Innovation Is a Must for Survival 10 hours ago Qualcomm Quick Charge 4.0 to support 28W 1 day ago, 10:06am CST Apple Pay Can Now Be Used for Donations 57 minutes ago Soyuz Spacecraft Arrives at Baikonur Launchpad ahead of ISS Mission 1 hour ago Macy's Black Friday 2016 Deals Previewed 4 hours ago U.S. Parents are Spanking their Kids Less Today, Study Finds 4 hours ago Hatchimals and NES Classic Stock Gone Online 4 hours ago Financial Phishing To Increase This Holiday Season 5 hours ago Jaguar's First All-Electric SUV I-Pace Revealing is Tomorrow 5 hours ago NextEV Previews its Hypercar Ahead of Next Week Debut 5 hours ago Facebook and Twitter Helped me Win Says Trump 5 hours ago Black Friday Oculus Rift and HTC Vive VR Headset Deals Are Weak 6 hours ago Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Featured News Black Friday Oculus Rift and HTC Vive VR Headset Deals Are Weak Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Released   All Black Friday 2016 Deals on Samsung TVs Announced Sam's Club Samsung Saturday Sale on Nov. 19 Announced Technology News The Third-Party Apps That will Use MacBook’s Pro Touch Bar 8 hours ago Dell EMC unveils new IT products and solutions 9 hours ago Amazon Alexa Prize Competing Teams include Students from Berkeley, Princeton and Carnegie-Mellon 9 hours ago Technology and Fashion: Why Innovation Is a Must for Survival 10 hours ago More Technology News Stories Latest News Apple Pay Can Now Be Used for Donations 57 minutes ago Soyuz Spacecraft Arrives at Baikonur Launchpad ahead of ISS Mission 1 hour ago $299.99 50-inch Samsung UN50J5201AFXZA Smart TV Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Deal 3 hours ago Macy's Black Friday 2016 Deals Previewed 4 hours ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the first Black Friday 2016 deals are already on sale as of October 30. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
gazetteliveLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Teesside News UK & World News Crime Politics Health Education Nostalgia Motors News OpinionExpand What's On Latest What's On What's On News Arts & Culture Comedy Family & Kids Theatre Film & TV Food & Drink Music & Nightlife ShoppingExpand Middlesbrough FC Nostalgia Business Food & Drink In Your Area Middlesbrough Stockton Redcar & Cleveland See all locationsExpand Sign in Sign Out facebook twitter instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory BuySell Family Notices Dating Cashback Book an Ad Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Buy A Photo Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror North East Home News Teesside News Parmo News Teessiders can now use their very own 'Parmojis' Ian Fish, has designed his very own ‘Parmojis,’ an Apple app that enables iPhone users to use digital stickers related to Teesside  Share  Comments ByDavid Huntley 16:00, 19 OCT 2016 Updated16:28, 19 OCT 2016 News Parmojis (Photo: Ian Fish)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Ever found yourself wanting to send a parmo emoji or perhaps one of the phrase “yer jokin arn yer” but not able to? Well, worry no more. A Stockton graphic designer has created a mobile phone app means Teessiders can express themselves with their own localised graphics. Ian Fish, has designed ‘Parmojis,’ an Apple app that enables iPhone users to use digital stickers which relate to the region when sending iMessages. Those who have the recent iOS10 update installed can use the digital stickers, which include Parmos, well-known phrases and images related to the Boro that are purchased from the official app store. Ian said: “The idea started at the turn of the year. As I am a graphic and web designer by trade I was looking for a side project to run along my day to day job. “I’ve lived in Stockton my entire life, went to Teesside University and feel very passionate about the area, so after a little thought decided on starting on a blog, called Enjoy Teesside, that not only champions the local area but allowed me to create my graphics and put a unique spin on how great this area is to live.” Parmojis (Photo: Ian Fish) Ian’s first emoji idea came when Facebook introduced a new set of emojis that allowed users to change the way they ‘like’ content. Ian designed and released a graphic that parodied this new change with how he thought Teesside emojis would look. He said: “It got a great response with people commenting on how these should become a real thing and that’s how the iPhone idea came about. “With the recent iOS10 update Apple introduced a new feature for iMessage which lets people to easily use digital stickers right within their text message to friends and I thought it was a great time to develop the idea. “I conducted some research and realised there was a few apps out there doing similar things for bigger cities like London and Liverpool so I thought it would be great if Teessiders could have their very own app.” Parmojis, designed by Ian Fish, allow Teessiders to use their very own stickers when sending iMessages It took Ian just two weeks to complete the idea after teaching himself how to code the app and get it ready for the app store. He added: “When it came to creating the app I firstly had to decide on the what graphics to include, with Parmo being such an important part of our culture it had to be used as the basis and luckily lends itself very well with the word ‘emoji’ to create the name. “After that I thought about the way we communicate in Teesside and it’s fair to say there was plenty of quirky sayings to choose from so I created some ‘Teesside’ phrases and to finish included some classic Boro chants and iconic shirts for the fans.” So good, someone once flew one to Ibiza - the best parmo in Teesside revealed Ian also plans to add new content which will come in the form of a free update to all users and has recently opened an Etsy store selling prints based around Middlesbrough Football club. He said: “I’m just enjoying putting things like this out there as I love the area, anything else that goes with it is a bonus. “The Parmojis are just a little bit of fun and I hope people enjoy using them as much as I had creating them.” The App can be found by searching ‘Parmojis or Parmo’ in the Apple app store.  Share  Comments Comments Show more comments More On Stockton-on-Tees Parmo Apple Middlesbrough news all Most Read Most Recent Nunthorpe and MartonMarton shops flashback: Victoria Wine, Paleschi's and the Mobil garage Readers share their pictures and memories of the popular parade CourtsElderly couple appear in court accused of sexually abusing children and child cruelty The husband and wife face 33 charges including indecent assault and gross indecency Scales Of JusticeScales of Justice: Thief jailed for stealing washing machine tablets from B&M These are some of the cases dealt with at Teesside Magistrates' Court on November 2, 2016 Stockton-on-TeesDriver forced off road and car vandalised in Stockton road rage attack The attack occurred after an argument at a petrol station on Durham Road in Stockton CourtsMan appears in court charged with 1968 murder of toddler Paul Booth David Dearlove, 70, from the Great Yarmouth area, appeared at Teesside Magistrates' Court today Scales Of JusticeScales of Justice: Thief jailed for stealing washing machine tablets from B&M These are some of the cases dealt with at Teesside Magistrates' Court on November 2, 2016 Nunthorpe and MartonMarton shops flashback: Victoria Wine, Paleschi's and the Mobil garage Readers share their pictures and memories of the popular parade Teesside NewsOnline dating: Ghosting, benching and cuffing season explained Dictionary for Teessiders looking for love on apps :: Have you heard of these terms? Teesside NewsMeet the 9 Teesside dogs you can BORROW instead of buy New online service offering pups you can help look after in our area Sainsbury'sWhat can you do with your poppy? Here's how you can recycle it Supermarket chain Sainsbury's offers a recycling service which saves money for the Royal British Legion Most Read Most Recent Nunthorpe and MartonMarton shops flashback: Victoria Wine, Paleschi's and the Mobil garage Readers share their pictures and memories of the popular parade CourtsElderly couple appear in court accused of sexually abusing children and child cruelty The husband and wife face 33 charges including indecent assault and gross indecency Scales Of JusticeScales of Justice: Thief jailed for stealing washing machine tablets from B&M These are some of the cases dealt with at Teesside Magistrates' Court on November 2, 2016 Stockton-on-TeesDriver forced off road and car vandalised in Stockton road rage attack The attack occurred after an argument at a petrol station on Durham Road in Stockton Middlesbrough FC'Boro can blow all but Europe's elite out of the water': The wages data explained Anthony Vickers goes behind the numbers released by the Global Sports Salary Survey Scales Of JusticeScales of Justice: Thief jailed for stealing washing machine tablets from B&M These are some of the cases dealt with at Teesside Magistrates' Court on November 2, 2016 Nunthorpe and MartonMarton shops flashback: Victoria Wine, Paleschi's and the Mobil garage Readers share their pictures and memories of the popular parade Teesside NewsOnline dating: Ghosting, benching and cuffing season explained Dictionary for Teessiders looking for love on apps :: Have you heard of these terms? Teesside NewsMeet the 9 Teesside dogs you can BORROW instead of buy New online service offering pups you can help look after in our area Sainsbury'sWhat can you do with your poppy? Here's how you can recycle it Supermarket chain Sainsbury's offers a recycling service which saves money for the Royal British Legion Top Stories CourtsMan appears in court charged with 1968 murder of toddler Paul Booth David Dearlove, 70, from the Great Yarmouth area, appeared at Teesside Magistrates' Court today Eston and NormanbyPaul Kerrison: Family of dad found between hay bales will never find out how he died Dad-of-one Paul Kerrison was first reported missing on October 26 2014 - he wouldn't be found until May 25 this year Eston and NormanbyFour years after his bone marrow transplant, Danny is on a mission to meet his lifesaving donor Danny James Bryan is now a happy and healthy five-year old after having the life-saving transplant when he was just 11 months old Stockton-on-TeesDriver forced off road and car vandalised in Stockton road rage attack The attack occurred after an argument at a petrol station on Durham Road in Stockton Sainsbury'sWhat can you do with your poppy? Here's how you can recycle it Supermarket chain Sainsbury's offers a recycling service which saves money for the Royal British Legion MarskeDid 'super moon' strand dog walkers with freak tide at Marske? A man and two women were walking two dogs when they ended up trapped on a “sand island” today at about 11.30am - three hours before high tide MiddlesbroughPatisserie Valerie: Take a look around cafe ahead of launch The brand is famed for quality cakes and patisserie :: It will serve light lunches, cakes and beverages CourtsElderly couple appear in court accused of sexually abusing children and child cruelty The husband and wife face 33 charges including indecent assault and gross indecency Teesside NewsMeet the 9 Teesside dogs you can BORROW instead of buy New online service offering pups you can help look after in our area Nunthorpe and MartonNunthorpe's first pub: Is the build still going ahead? Mitchells and Butlers was granted planning permission to build to a Vintage Inns pub in 2014 Middlesbrough FC'Boro can blow all but Europe's elite out of the water': The wages data explained Anthony Vickers goes behind the numbers released by the Global Sports Salary Survey Ingleby Barwick and ThornabyHunt goes on for attacker who punched 62-year-old woman in the face The victim suffered a suspected broken nose and was taken to the University Hospital of North Tees after being hit News What's On Sport Business Follow us facebook twitter instagram Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Buy A Photo Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2016 Trinity Mirror North East This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
null
MacDailyNews WELCOME HOME! Apple and Mac News Login · Register News Opinion Contact App Facebook Tumblr Twitter RSS Archives Widget Opinion Archive Nov 2016 The pundits are wrong about Apple - again Nov 2016 Is Apple selling a MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable for $79 a step too far? Nov 2016 Who's winning the video streaming wars? Nov 2016 Why Donald Trump bests Hillary Clinton on key tech policies Nov 2016 Imagine a world without Apple's Mac Pro Current Headlines Latest Joy of Tech 9to5Mac Report: Apple ‘weighing’ possibility of releasing a pair of digital glasses Touché lets you easily test drive and screenshot Apple’s Touch Bar features on your Mac before upgrading You can now make donations to nonprofit organizations with Apple Pay Apple releases macOS 10.12.2 beta 3 for developers RIP Videos app as Apple replaces it with more capable TV in iOS 10 beta 3 tvOS 10.1 developer beta 3 is now available for Apple TV New Beats Solo3 Wireless ad highlights battery life, on-ear controls – take $80 off at Amazon Apple releases iOS 10.2 beta 3: New ‘Love’ Messages screen effect, SOS India-only, Videos hidden by default 9to5Toys Last Call: AirPort 2TB Time Capsule $199, iTunes Gift Cards 15% off, SmartThings Accessory Sale, more The best apps for the new MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar & Touch ID Apple’s new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar will be in stock, available to try at Apple Stores this week KGI: iPhone sales have peaked, supply orders will decline 5-15%; China growth flat Customers start receiving new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, most early orders set to deliver this week Schiller: Apple tried touch screen MacBooks but doesn’t work for iMacs, landed on Touch Bar instead Samsung moves deeper into audio and in-car tech in Beats-like acquisition of Harman International MacRumors Apple Highlights Mac Apps Updated With Support for MacBook Pro Touch Bar What's New in iOS 10.2 Beta 3: TV App Updates, SOS and Videos App Removed New MacBook Pro's Dedicated AMD Graphics Chips Are 'Significantly' Faster and Support Dual 5K Displays Apple Seeds Third macOS Sierra 10.12.2 Beta to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] Apple Seeds Third Beta of iOS 10.2 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] Phil Schiller Says Apple Tested and Rejected Touch Screen Macs, Finding It 'Absurd' on a Desktop First Customers Begin to Receive New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar iPhone 7 Demand Has 'Peaked' as Shipments Forecasted to Decline Significantly Over Next Two Months New MacBook Pro Reviews Mixed as Touch Bar Called Everything From 'Useful' to 'Gimmick' Revamped Google Play Music Streams Content Based on User Location, Activity, and Time of Day AppleInsider Apple opens up Apple Pay donations to non-profit organizations New app 'Touche' simulates MacBook Pro Touch Bar on other Macs Apple seeds third developer betas of iOS 10.2, macOS 10.12.2 & tvOS 10.1 MacMall has MacBook Pros with Touch Bar that will ship this week; grab one before they're gone Google revamps Play Music with recommended playlists based on location, time & activity Apple SVP Phil Schiller addresses Touch Bar, other MacBook Pro concerns Deals: $80 off Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphones; $270 off 2015 13" MacBook Pro; $20 off 128GB unlocked iPhone 7 Microsoft to bring Visual Studio to Mac later this week Quick take video review: Apple's 15" MacBook Pro with Touch Bar is an exciting upgrade Samsung buys Harman for $8B in deal that could pave way for 'Apple Car' competition MacNN Goodbye from MacNN, and Managing Editor Mike Wuerthele Rumor Roundup: Oh yes it is! Oh no it isn't! Spotify claims app update rejection by Apple 'raises serious concerns' Best of MacNN: the MacNN Podcast, episode 25: My Stupid Cat's Fault MacNN Deals: Increase your productivity with these Mac apps Best of MacNN: Lawyer sues Apple for not preventing his porn addiction Hands On: macOS Sierra, part two Tekserve closing NYC store on July 31 after 29 years of service Giveaway: Final reminder of all current MacNN Deals competitions Bang & Olufsen unveils Beoplay H5 wireless earphones Daring Fireball Touché: Touch Bar for Everyone [Sponsor] Victory: A Charting Library for React.js and React Native Intercom A Pro Video Editor’s Look at the New MacBook Pro The Talk Show: ‘Holiday Party’ Donald Trump Is Elected President in Stunning Repudiation of the Establishment New York Times Election Front Pages, 1852–2012 Four-Year-Old Reddit Thread on the Then-New MacBook Pros Twitter Still Might Save Vine by Selling It Only Microsoft Could Make Teams T-GAAP Will a President Trump or Clinton Help Apple The Most? Back to Steve Jobs 4-Quadrant Mac Approach Apple Just Made Notebook Touch Screens Stupid Samsung Note 7 Owners Were Loyal To Samsung, Not Android Apple's Desktop Macs Are In Trouble Cult of Mac Check out this week’s best tech, tools and lessons [Deals] Apple Stores go green in advance of Earth Day Apple taps Surface Pro hinge maker for super-thin MacBooks How Steve Jobs and the industrial design team saved Apple, this week on The CultCast Use free Snapseed on iPad to tune your photos to best effect Apple reveals how long its devices typically last Drawings reveal new buildings inside Apple’s ‘spaceship’ campus Apple reaches deal with Samsung to buy OLED iPhone displays iPhone recycling is Apple’s latest gold mine Apple looks to paid search to ‘improve’ discoverability on App Store Macworld UK Best Mac for designers buying guide 2016/2017 | Best Mac for graphic design Best iPhone 7 cases & iPhone 7 Plus cases 16 best speakers 2016 UK | Best wireless speaker | Best Bluetooth speaker iPhone 9 and beyond: 30 amazing features of the smartphone of the future New MacBook Air 2016 UK release date rumours New iOS 11 release date rumours UK | iOS 11 new features rumours How to delete music from iPhone in iOS 10 7 Sierra menu bar tips: How to use Mac menu bar in macOS Sierra iPad mini 5 release date rumours UK | iPad mini 5 specs & new features wishlist New iPhone SE 2 release date rumours UK | New iPhone SE specs & UK price rumours CNET iPhone Update Make your iPhone read aloud to you - CNET Moment lenses are ready for your iPhone 7 - CNET iOS 10 notifications look the same, but work a lot differently - CNET 9 reasons you should keep your current iPhone - CNET Why you'll soon forget the iPhone ever had a headphone jack - CNET Apple could launch an iPhone with curved screen - CNET iPhone 7 may sport pressure-sensitive home button, Space Black paint job - CNET iPhone 7 Plus purported mockup reveals blue paint job and more - CNET iPhone 7 preorders could start September 9 - CNET Hillary Clinton iPhone app aims to drum up and reward supporters - CNET Nov 14, 2016 - 05:15 PM UTC — AAPL: 105.71 (-2.72, -2.51%) | NASDAQ: 5218.40 (-18.72, -0.36%) Samsung widens worldwide smartphone unit share lead Thursday, January 28, 2016 · 2:02 pm · 11 Comments According to Strategy Analytics Wireless Smartphone Strategies services, global smartphone shipments grew 6 percent annually from 380.1 million units in Q4 2014 to 404.5 million in Q4 2015. This quarter was the smartphone industry’s slowest growth rate of all time. Smartphone growth is slowing due to increasing penetration maturity in major markets like China and consumer worries about the future of the world economy. Global smartphone shipments grew 12 percent annually from 1.28 billion in full-year 2014 to a record 1.44 billion in 2015. Samsung shipped 81.3 million smartphones worldwide in Q4 2015, growing an above-average 9 percent annually from 74.5 million units in Q4 2014. This was Samsung’s fastest growth rate for almost two years and it helped Samsung to stay ahead of Apple and maintain first position with 20 percent share for the quarter and 22 percent share for the full year. Apple shipped 74.8 million smartphones worldwide and captured 18 percent marketshare in Q4 2015 versus 74.5 million units in Q4 2014. Apple’s iPhone growth is peaking, therefore Apple will have to expand into new markets like India or Nigeria if it wants to reignite iPhone growth in 2016, according to Strategy Analytics. Huawei maintained third position with 8 percent global smartphone marketshare in Q4 2015, up from 6 percent a year ago. Huawei joined an elite club and shipped over 100 million smartphones in a year for the first time ever during 2015. However, there are signs that Huawei’s growth is starting to slow. Its annual growth rate of 35 percent halved sequentially from 62 percent in the prior quarter, as major vendors like Xiaomi began to fight back in core markets of Asia. Lenovo-Motorola held on to fourth position with 5 percent global smartphone marketshare in Q4 2015, but its shipment growth rate declined minus 18 percent annually. The merger of Lenovo and Motorola has so far not been a success and the two firms’ combined smartphone shipments today are lower than when they first joined together in 2014. Xiaomi maintained fifth place with 5 percent marketshare in Q4 2015. Exhibit 1: Global Smartphone Vendor Shipments and Marketshare in Q4 2015 Source: Strategy Analytics MacDailyNews Take: For how much longer will beleaguered Samsung attempt and fail to make it up on volume before they throw in the towel? SEE ALSO: Beleaguered Samsung warns of tough 2016 after 4Q profit plunges 40% – January 28, 2016 Beleaguered Samsung’s shares drop 4% after half-CEO warns of tough 2016 – January 4, 2016 Samsung finally to pay Apple $548 million in damages for copying iPhone, but then try to wrest it back – December 4, 2015 Beleaguered Samsung names new cellphone head in bid to stem market share losses to Apple iPhone – December 1, 2015 Ben Bajarin: ‘Samsung will be out of the smartphone business within five years’ – November 2, 2015 Apple’s iPhone can soon reap 100 percent of world’s smartphone profits – November 17, 2015 Apple’s iPhone owns 94% of smartphone industry’s profits – November 16, 2015 Apple iPhone owns over 90% of smartphone profits, so why do others even bother fighting over Apple’s scraps? – October 8, 2015 Beleaguered Samsung’s future depends more on components than on copying Apple – October 7, 2015 Beleaguered Samsung finding it tough to compete Apple’s revolutionary iPhone – October 6, 2015 Apple’s iPhone juggernaut continues with record-breaking sales while Android peddlers fight over scraps – September 28, 2015 Apple’s iPhone owns 92% of smartphone industry’s profits – July 13, 2015 Poor man’s iPhone: Android on the decline – February 26, 2015 Study: iPhone users are smarter and richer than those who settle for Android phones – January 22, 2015 Why Android users can’t have the nicest things – January 5, 2015 iPhone users earn significantly more than those who settle for Android phones – October 8, 2014 Yet more proof that Android is for poor people – June 27, 2014 More proof that Android is for poor people – May 13, 2014 Android users poorer, shorter, unhealthier, less educated, far less charitable than Apple iPhone users – November 13, 2013 IDC data shows two thirds of Android’s 81% smartphone share are cheap junk phones – November 13, 2013 CIRP: Apple iPhone users are younger, richer, and better educated than those who settle for Samsung knockoff phones – August 19, 2013 Categories: News Tags: android, Apple, Huawei, iOS, iPhone, Lenovo-Motorola, samsung, smartphone market share, smartphones, Strategy Analytics, windows phone, Xiaomi Thank You for supporting MacDailyNews! Loading... Comment Feed 11 Comments CaptainWhizz Thursday, January 28, 2016 - 2:10 pm · Reply “For how much longer will beleaguered Samsung attempt and fail to make it up on volume before they throw in the towel?” I have them pencilled in for the end of 2017. Bo Thursday, January 28, 2016 - 2:23 pm · Reply But, but … their profits dropped 40% YOY. That’s what happens when you sell at to low a price. ban6dit Thursday, January 28, 2016 - 7:26 pm · Reply Thats what happens with the “BOGO” (Buy one Get one) sales. Strategery Thursday, January 28, 2016 - 2:30 pm · Reply Hmmm, Strategy Analytics. Shouldn’t part of a strategy be actual profit? Not seeing it here. This is the kind of stupid shit that Wall Street eats right up. Derek Currie Thursday, January 28, 2016 - 2:46 pm · Reply Focusing on: “This quarter was the smartphone industry’s slowest growth rate of all time.”… We’ve been waiting for the actual rollout of actual 4G phone technology, more commonly known as LTE Advanced, for YEARS now! The tech standard has been sitting around, gathering dust while nearly none of the lazy, cheap and stupid mobile providers bother to invest in it. Instead, they just want to parasitically suck on money while providing the least reinvestment possible. This is just like the ISPs, and some of these companies are one in the same. Meanwhile, despite this intransigence over real 4G, we endlessly read hype about 5G, which is way off in the distance, another spate of years of waiting from now. Down at the customer level this means: “My smartphone runs 3G (aka fake ‘4G’) and nothing better has come along. So why bother to upgrade? ∑ = Why Bother To Upgrade? Thank you, cheap, lazy, stupid mobile providers. And note how this is despite the fact that the iPhone 6S series actually supports real 4G, aka LTE Advanced! If you can’t get real 4G in your area, what’s the point? Solution: A worldwide, universal rollout of LTE Advanced. Catch up already! Read all about it: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LTE_Advanced chuygb Thursday, January 28, 2016 - 2:59 pm · Reply How is this good news, they worked a lot harder to make a lot more units, but there revenue dropped 18% (i believe form other note) and actual margins felled much more “after 4Q profit plunges 40%”. Also another note states that “tracking smartphone data, notes that 3 in 5 smartphones shipped in 2015 were LTE capable “, TRANSLATION: 40% is NOT LTE, APPLE does only LTE, and that samsung does most of the other sales. we can infer that Many of SAMSUNG smartphones are not even TLE so not in APPLEs league. TimD Thursday, January 28, 2016 - 4:04 pm · Reply Judging by Samsung’s disastrous quarter I’m willing to bet Apple’s share of the profit is near 100%. Bob Thursday, January 28, 2016 - 4:29 pm · Reply Selling more phones than Apple is a feat, but also giving phones away for little or no cost is as well. and What’s the 2nd hand market for samsung phones? oh yeah, none. There’s a HUGE market selling old iphones, who have thought? silverhawk1 Thursday, January 28, 2016 - 4:34 pm · Reply “Samsung Electronics reported Thursday a bigger-than-expected decline in fourth quarter earnings” 😜 pjs_boston Thursday, January 28, 2016 - 4:49 pm · Reply Samsung phones sold for an average of $241 each in Q4 2015. In contrast iPhones sold for an average of $690. So, normalized for sell price, Apple sold an equivalent of 214 million Samsung devices. Sage Mcgurn Wednesday, October 19, 2016 - 11:24 am · Reply Nice blog here! Is Swisscoin the next Bitcoin? Now here is a new Cryptocurrency called Swisscoin. You can get free 100 coins on registration with a free rookie account before activating and get more coins as you activate with any package. This is the registration link: http://myswisscoin.net/ What do you think? Add Your Feedback Name (required) Email (required) Web cancel reply Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Recent Articles The Wall Street Journal reviews Apple’s MacBook Pro: ‘More beautiful, svelter’ Now slavish copier Samsung looks to knock off Apple iPhone’s 3D Touch All the ways Roku Ultra beats Apple TV Just like Steve Jobs, president-elect Trump to take just $1 in annual salary If you want a new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, you have to wait until Christmas China warns Apple’s iPhone sales will suffer if President Trump starts a trade war Microsoft is bringing Visual Studio to Apple’s Mac Australian banks dismiss Android NFC past in Apple Pay negotiations Samsung buys automotive electronics-maker Harman for $8 billion to take on Apple, Google Mashable reviews Apple’s MacBook Pro: ‘Simply superb’ MacDailyNews Poll Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 21,429 other followers  Top 10 Free Mac Apps Xcode - Apple Microsoft Remote Desktop - Microsoft Corporation Kindle - AMZN Mobile LLC Flappy Golf 2 - Noodlecake Studios Inc The Unarchiver - Dag Agren App for Instagram - Instant at your desktop! - Joacim Ståhl Slack - Slack Technologies, Inc. Dr. Cleaner: Disk,Memory,System Optimizer - Trend Micro Fotor Photo Editor - Chengdu Everimaging Science and Technology Co., Ltd App for Youtube - Instant at your desktop! - Joacim Ståhl  Top 10 Paid Mac Apps GarageBand - Apple Magnet - CrowdCafé Disk Cleaner - Free Your Hard Drive Space, Clean Cache, Tune Your Drive - Pocket Bits LLC Logic Pro X - Apple Adware Doctor - Remove Adware, Malware, and Restore Your Browser - YONGMING ZHANG Final Cut Pro - Apple Affinity Photo - Serif Labs App for WhatsApp - Bastian Roessler Quicken 2017 - Quicken Inc. Civilization VI - Aspyr Media, Inc.  Top 10 Free iPad Apps YouTube - Watch and Share Videos, Music & Clips - Google, Inc. Netflix - Netflix, Inc. Perchang - Perchang Messenger - Facebook, Inc. Facebook - Facebook, Inc. MagiMobile – Mighty Magiswords Collection App - Cartoon Network Google Chrome – The Fast and Secure Web Browser - Google, Inc. XFINITY TV - Comcast Rolling Sky - Cheetah Technology Corporation Limited Pinterest - Pinterest  Top 10 iTunes Songs 24K Magic - Bruno Mars Closer (feat. Halsey) - The Chainsmokers Don't Wanna Know (feat. Kendrick Lamar) - Maroon 5 Hallelujah - Leonard Cohen Let Me Love You (feat. Justin Bieber) - DJ Snake Blue Ain't Your Color - Keith Urban Heathens - twenty one pilots Hallelujah - Pentatonix Juju on That Beat (TZ Anthem) - Zay Hilfigerrr & Zayion McCall CAN'T STOP THE FEELING! - Justin Timberlake  Top 10 iTunes Albums Trolls (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Various Artists A Pentatonix Christmas - Pentatonix You Want It Darker - Leonard Cohen The Essential Leonard Cohen - Leonard Cohen 57th & 9th (Deluxe) - Sting Simply Christmas - Leslie Odom, Jr. The Best of Leon Russell - Leon Russell Traveller - Chris Stapleton NOW That's What I Call Music!, Vol. 60 - Various Artists Collage - EP - The Chainsmokers  Top 10 iTunes Movies Star Trek Beyond - Justin Lin Kubo and the Two Strings - Travis Knight Hell or High Water - David Mackenzie Mechanic Resurrection - Dennis Gansel Contact - Robert Zemeckis Ghostbusters (2016) - Paul Feig Central Intelligence - Rawson Marshall Thurber The Legend of Tarzan (2016) - David Yates The Infiltrator - Brad Furman Independence Day: Resurgence - Roland Emmerich  Top 10 iTunes TV Shows Service - The Walking Dead Controversies & Legacies - Keeping Up With the Kardashians The Statement - Madam Secretary Reunion, Pt. 2 - The Real Housewives of New Jersey The Cell - The Walking Dead LCFLUTTER - Quantico Housewife House Wars - The Real Housewives of Atlanta The Room Where It Happens - Grey's Anatomy Ill Tidings - Elementary The Interrogation - Designated Survivor  Top 10 Audiobooks Night School: A Jack Reacher Novel, Book 21 (Unabridged) - Lee Child The Whistler (Unabridged) - John Grisham The Girl on the Train: A Novel (Unabridged) - Paula Hawkins The Wrong Side of Goodbye: A Harry Bosch Novel, Book 21 (Unabridged) - Michael Connelly Hillbilly Elegy: A Memoir of a Family and Culture in Crisis (Unabridged) - J. D. Vance How to Win Friends & Influence People (Unabridged) - Dale Carnegie The Chemist (Unabridged) - Stephenie Meyer Killing the Rising Sun: How America Vanquished World War II Japan (Unabridged) - Bill O'Reilly & Martin Dugard Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, Book 1 (Unabridged) - J.K. Rowling The Witness - Nora Roberts News Opinion Contact Main RSS Comments RSS Facebook Tumblr Twitter Archives Widget Advertise Privacy © Copyright 2002 - 2016 by MacDailyNews All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP  
null
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Search for: Facebook Pinterest Twitter YouTube Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf The Best Websites on The Internet Internet The Best Websites on The Internet Rob Nightingale 8 Tips to Effectively Boost Your Wireless Router Signal Technology Explained 8 Tips to Effectively Boost Your Wireless Router Signal Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Apple Watch Series 2 Review & Giveaway iPhone and iPad Apple Watch Series 2 Review & Giveaway Tim Brookes October 19, 2016 19-10-2016 8 minutes Apple Watch Series 2 Review & Giveaway Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Ads by Google It’s Apple’s busiest time of year. Not only have we had a brand new iPhone, iOS 10 iOS 10 Is Here! Why You Should Upgrade Right Now iOS 10 Is Here! Why You Should Upgrade Right Now Apple's tenth revision of its mobile operating system is here. This is how to upgrade right now for free. Read More and macOS Sierra 5 Reasons to Install macOS Sierra Right Now & How to Upgrade 5 Reasons to Install macOS Sierra Right Now & How to Upgrade After a few months of public beta, the latest version of Apple's desktop operating system is ready for prime time. Read More ; the Apple Watch has had an update too. The original model Apple Watch Review & Giveaway Apple Watch Review & Giveaway The new Apple thing is finally out, but everyone was talking about the Apple Watch long before it was officially announced. Starting at $349 - we take a look, and have TWO to give away! Read More  has been discontinued, replaced in stead by Series 1 and Series 2 models. While the former focuses on bringing the older model up to speed, the latter adds a few new features that will be of particular interest to those looking for an exercise companion. But has Apple done enough to turn this “want” into a “need” yet? Want your own Apple Watch Series 2, as reviewed? We’re giving ours away – enter below for your chance to win! Apple Watch Series 2 Giveaway Ads by Google Timeless Design It probably shouldn’t come as much of a surprise that Apple hasn’t radically changed the design. The Apple Watch is as basic as it ever has been, with the same Apple design flourishes we’ve seen before. Rounded corners, as much screen as possible up front, and the bare minimum in terms of input options. The Series 2 is available in both 38mm and 42mm watch faces, with the same responsive 3D touch technology Everything You Can Do With 3D Touch on Your iPhone Everything You Can Do With 3D Touch on Your iPhone 3D touch is really just a fancy name for a pressure-sensitive screen, but adds a whole array of extra input options to iOS. Read More you’ll find on the iPhone 7. There is a slight difference in terms of the overall size and weight, and the Series 2 adds an additional 1.1mm depth compared to predecessors. The 38mm Series 2 Sport model also adds 3.2g weight compared to its predecessor, and other models are also marginally heavier. This isn’t much of a talking point though, the Apple Watch still isn’t so big that it’s intrusive, but you’ll want to pick a 38mm model if you have small wrists. There are quite a few configurations of Watch to choose from: Aluminum: Silver, Space Grey, Gold, and Rose Gold aluminum Nike+: Silver and Space Grey aluminum with custom Sport bands Stainless Steel: Silver and Space Black Edition: Ceramic with Cloud Sport band Hermés: Single Tour, Double Buckle Cuff (38mm), Double Tour (38mm), and Single Tour Deployment Buckle (42mm). The model I’m reviewing here is the Series 2 in space gray aluminum, with a black silicon Sports band. It’s sporty, minimalist, somewhat utilitarian, and low-key. If you’re fashion-conscious then this configuration will go with just about anything, but you may want to swap the band out for something else. Just like its predecessor, the Watch is still very comfortable to wear. There are no pointy edges, it’s lightweight and virtually undetectable when I’m wearing it. The stainless models are heavier, but they’re also tougher and feature a sapphire crystal screen, compared to the Ion-X glass on the softer aluminum model. Series 1 or Series 2? Apple discontinued its original run of “Series 0” watches in September 2016. You can currently buy two main configurations of Apple Watch, the Series 1 and Series 2. The Series 1 is essentially an upgraded version of the original, and features the same dual-core processor found in the Series 2. The Series 1 uses a S1P system-on-chip, which omits GPS capabilities. It’s pretty much identical to the previous model, with the same OLED screen, IPX7 waterproofing, battery life and form factor. You can only buy the Series 1 model in aluminum, and it’s available for $269 and $299 in 38mm and 42mm configurations respectively. The Series 2 features an S2 system-on-chip which includes its own dedicated GPS functionality. It’s also got a higher waterproof rating, up to 50 metres in depth. The screen is brighter than the Series 1, though the overall performance and battery life (of 18 hours) are unchanged. It’ll set you back $369 and $399 in 38mm and 42mm variants respectively. So which is better? That’s going to depend on what you do with your smart watch. A More Capable Apple Watch The most “obvious” benefit of the Series 2 is a brighter OLED screen. It’s over twice as bright as the previous model on paper, at 1000 nits compared to 450. That unit of measurement is derivative of candela per square metre, used for measuring luminance. Though the original Apple Watch wasn’t terribly difficult to read in bright light, there’s no denying the Series 2 is considerably brighter. It’s a promising step forward for Apple’s foray into the world of OLED displays, and it’s easy to read behind sunglasses even in the bright midday Australian sun. You can now go swimming with your Apple Watch too. The Series 2 features 50 metres of water resistance, which means it’s finally able to track your vitals and distance in the pool. The previous version featured a respectable level of water resistance, but more waterproofing is always a good thing. Another feature of note is Apple’s Direct Fire speaker, which blasts water out of the watch using sound after you’ve gone swimming. The inclusion of a dedicated GPS chip allows you to track your workout without having to take your phone with you. This is a huge leap forward for runners, cyclists, and anyone who wrote the last Apple Watch off for its reliance on an iPhone for working out. Load your Apple Watch up with music, grab your Bluetooth headphones, and track your run with the in-built GPS chip. There are a few smaller additions to the Series 2, like the ability to subtly wake your screen by turning the digital crown clockwise. This is handy if you’re in a dark room or cinema and just want to peek at the time without exposing your eyes to the power of 1000 nits. The Series 2 features the same haptic engine as found on its predecessor, and while it’s nothing new it is worth mentioning as a selling point. You can choose between subtle and prominent vibrations on your wrist so you’ll never miss a notification. Unfortunately, battery life is still the worst thing about the Apple Watch. For the time being, this is something we’ll have to accept from all smart watches. Small devices mean small batteries. The more those devices try to do, the faster the battery will deplete. The idea of a watch you have to charge regularly is still somewhat ridiculous, but then most watches don’t do an awful lot beyond tell the time. It’s comparable to the transition between dumb phones and smart phones. Your Nokia 3310 lasted all week on a single charge, but your iPhone does a hell of a lot more and is subsequently much thirstier. The Apple Watch is just like that. I’ve been using it to check notifications, find nearby ATMs, track hour-plus long workouts at the gym, take phone calls, and I’m charging it virtually every day. If you don’t use the activity tracking features all that much, you may get away with two days use. And there’s always low power mode, which kicks in when you just need a watch to tell the time. watchOS 3 is the Real Star When I first used the “Series 0” original Apple Watch, watchOS impressed me. Looking back it did seem a little complicated at points, and could have been more intuitive. Since May 2015 watchOS has received two fairly large updates WatchOS 2.0 Makes My Apple Watch Feel New Again WatchOS 2.0 Makes My Apple Watch Feel New Again Watch owners rejoice as Apple delivers that "new watch feeling" with its first major software update. Read More , and the difference is very noticeable. The OS is now simpler, and better mimics Apple’s “everything is an app” approach. There’s no longer a list of favorite contacts hiding on the power button, but a customizable “dock” of commonly used features. Third party complications like weather information and public transport can now be integrated right into watch faces. Things are much faster, thanks in part to the new dual-core processor, and apps take only a few seconds to launch from cold when they drop out of memory. The original Apple Watch relied far more on its iPhone counterpart to access apps, but since June 2016 all new apps must be native. Unfortunately an in-range iPhone is still required for Siri, but all the improvements made in iOS 10 carry over to the Apple Watch. You can also use hands-free “Hey Siri” functionality, even if you don’t have an iPhone 6s or later. watchOS has matured, and I feel like it sits more comfortably within the Apple ecosystem at this stage in time. App selection is better than it was, features like Digital Touch for scribbles and sending your heartbeat via iMessage is now properly integrated into Messages How to Use All the New Messages Features in iOS 10 How to Use All the New Messages Features in iOS 10 With the arrival of iOS 10, Apple's Messages app received its single biggest update since its introduction. Read More on both iOS and macOS Sierra. The only “issue” is that watchOS 3 is available on all models of Apple Watch. It’s compatible with the original Apple Watch and cheaper Series 1 models, so you don’t necessarily need to pay top tier unless waterproofing and dedicated GPS are really important to you. Still Want, Not Yet Need When I received the Apple Watch for review in April 2015, I really liked it. Despite this, I never went out and bought one Apple Watch Sales Might Have Dropped, But It’s Far From a Flop Apple Watch Sales Might Have Dropped, But It’s Far From a Flop We won't know the true number of sales until Apple releases official data in the Fall, but even if recent poor sales figures are correct; the Apple Watch is far from a flop. Read More after I finished my review. I don’t feel hugely different this time round, but I’m far more inclined to buy one as I feel like the latest model more closely matches my expectations from a watch. Unfortunately battery life still isn’t where it needs to be to win over a lot of potential buyers, but it’s unlikely to get there within a few years either. Both the Series 1 and Series 2 add some much needed speed to Apple’s wearable lineup, but it feels like watchOS does most of the heavy lifting. I feel like the few small improvements, a more mature OS, fleshed out third party support, and better integration into the Apple ecosystem are pushing me towards a purchase. It really doesn’t take long to get used to the device, it’s great for use in the gym or when out cycling, and not having to reach for your phone to read notifications and check the weather is super convenient. But it’s still not a must-have device. I don’t need an Apple watch, but that’s probably more indicative of the smart watch as a device in general. But if you do want a watch, and you’re likely to spend a few hundred dollars, why not get a smart watch? Our verdict of the Apple Watch Series 2 Sport: The Series 2 (and Series 1) is in no way worse than Apple’s last version, and it serves its purpose with aplomb. It’s still the best smart watch choice for iPhone owners, and that’s unlikely to change any time soon.Don’t write off the Series 1 either, though. If you don’t want 50 metres waterproofing, or native GPS, then you gain very little for your extra $100.810 Previous Post9 iPad and Android Tablet Apps Your Cat Will LoveNext Post10 iPhone Camera Tips for Better Professional-Looking Photos 15 comments Write a Comment Muhammad Molai November 14, 2016 at 10:24 pm Has a winner been announced? This drawing ending on 11/5 I believe. Reply Konstadinos Papadopoulos November 11, 2016 at 12:43 pm Who won? Please tell us Reply Bessamy November 10, 2016 at 5:39 pm Who won? Thanks! Reply James Malmonibo November 5, 2016 at 11:50 pm I want love this website!! Reply Amy ackley November 4, 2016 at 1:49 am I hope i win Reply Amy ackley November 4, 2016 at 1:48 am I hope i win because i never win nothing i want this to be first Reply Sachin November 1, 2016 at 4:33 pm i won Reply Konstadinos Papadopoulos November 6, 2016 at 9:33 am How do you know it? Reply Sachin November 1, 2016 at 4:32 pm hope to win Reply Jim Turner October 30, 2016 at 5:00 am I, too, want an Apple watch but two things are holding me back. Most importantly is the lack of an always-on face. I want to be able to quickly glance at the time without having to move my arm. Close behind is battery life. I have a Pebble Time with an always-on face color face and have to recharge it only every 4-5 days. Admittedly, the face is not very bright (though almost always readable) and I don't use my watch for a lot other than time but I do look at caller ID for the few calls I get and read the texts I get and occasionally use other apps. I also turn it off each night. Apple's screen may be larger and is certainly brighter so those would shorten battery life, but there is still reportedly too much difference for me to consider an Apple device at this time—unless I win one, of course. Reply Gaurav October 25, 2016 at 2:45 pm I liked that you reviewed it under the sun, gives a good idea about the sunlight visibility :) Reply Kimberly Seiz October 21, 2016 at 11:02 am I have been wanting one of these since they first came out. I would love to win the newest version! I sounds amazing. Reply Daniel Shaw October 21, 2016 at 6:41 am I again with your review. Been using the original Apple Watch for a year or so, it's a great product, but the battery is the main let down. I uses mine for running and gym workouts. I would like to make the switch to a series 2 version of the Apple Watch. As it solves the issue of not having to carry my phone during runs and apps run independently on the watch. May upgrade at some point, but may wait till the next version. P.S. how do you enter the giveaway? Reply fernando October 20, 2016 at 8:14 pm omg this apple watch is awesome thank you for giving us the chance to win one good luck to everyone Reply jose f rodriguez October 20, 2016 at 8:12 pm omg this apple watch looks awesome thank you for giving us the chance to win one you guys are the best and good luck to everyone Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tim Brookes 1098 articles Tim is Mac and iOS editor for MakeUseOf and can currently be found living in Melbourne, Australia. You can find him on Twitter at @timbrookes. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 11, 2016 11-11-2016 Lego Mindstorms EV3 Review and Giveaway Lego Mindstorms EV3 Review and Giveaway Christian Cawley November 8, 2016 08-11-2016 Elephone Elecam 360 Camera Review and Giveaway Elephone Elecam 360 Camera Review and Giveaway James Bruce November 4, 2016 04-11-2016 Advertisement Trending The Best Websites on The Internet Internet The Best Websites on The Internet Rob Nightingale November 10, 2016 10-11-2016 4 Smart Reasons to Avoid the Smart Home Trend Smart Home 4 Smart Reasons to Avoid the Smart Home Trend Joel Lee November 9, 2016 09-11-2016 You Should Uninstall Web of Trust Right Now Security Tech News You Should Uninstall Web of Trust Right Now Dave Parrack November 9, 2016 09-11-2016 Advertisement Related Articles Lose Weight With a Fitness Band: 6 Tips You Need Smart Home Lose Weight With a Fitness Band: 6 Tips You Need Dan Price November 11, 2016 11-11-2016 Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Android Product Reviews Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 11, 2016 11-11-2016 Apple Watch Gadgets to Control Your Smart Home Smart Home Apple Watch Gadgets to Control Your Smart Home Bryan Wolfe November 8, 2016 08-11-2016 Advertisement Latest Deals Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2016 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home Local Sports Lifestyles In Depth Opinions Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home Local Sports Lifestyles In Depth Opinions Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA TODAY Media Social Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 8 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Apple Butter Festival returns to Wade's Mill New owners keep with tradition with 21st annual Apple Butter Festival. Post to Facebook Apple Butter Festival returns to Wade's Mill New owners keep with tradition with 21st annual Apple Butter Festival.  Check out this story on newsleader.com: http://www.newsleader.com/story/entertainment/2016/10/19/wades-mill-apple-butter-festival-waynesboro/91826466/ {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Apple Butter Festival returns to Wade's Mill Monique Calello , mcalello@newsleader.com 10:53 a.m. EDT October 19, 2016 Buy Photo “Being a miller, my original thought was that I’d be standing upstairs grinding wheat and corn into ground material, and I’m learning that it’s many, many things,” said John Siegfried. “It’s part history lesson to working with the kids that come through.” With what he needs in place, he bags a couple of bags with freshly milled flour. (Photo: Mike Tripp/The News Leader)Buy Photo 8 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE RAPHINE – The new owners at Wade's Mill are keeping with tradition when they host the 21st annual Apple Butter Festival on Oct. 22 in Raphine. Glenn Wilson will be slow simmering apple butter the old-fashioned way in his copper pot, and visitors can jump in and take a turn at the stirrer to learn how the process is done. Puffs BBQ will provide with the food along with Southern Most Maple's wonderful maple syrup and BBQ sauces. Live music will be performed during the day from 12:30 to 3 p.m. from The New Corner Grocery Bluegrass Band. Craft demonstrations include: Learn how to use chestnuts in your home cooking by Pettijohn's Chestnut Orchard All natural breads, freshly baked in an outdoor oven by Phil Hyre Learn how maple syrup is produced in Virginia Basket weaving by Cindy Miller includes shaker style baskets using old style, authentic materials Blacksmithing by Andrew Graham  Pottery by Cyndy Littleton Wood turning by Mike Sorge. See how hardwood logs can be transformed into beautiful pieces. Rockbridge Vineyards also will be offering tastings of their wines. Buy Photo Watch the process and give the kettle a stir at the 20th annual Apple Butter Festival at Wade's Mill Farm in Raphine.  (Photo: File/The News Leader) IF YOU GO! What Wade's Mill 21st annual Apple Butter Festival   When 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Oct. 22 Where Wade's Mill, 55 Kennedy-Wades Mill Loop, Raphine Cost Entry to festival is free. Food and drink is available for purchase.  More info  (540) 348-1400 8 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://www.newsleader.com/story/entertainment/2016/10/19/wades-mill-apple-butter-festival-waynesboro/91826466/ More Stories Your car might now get tax relief after state law change Nov. 14, 2016, 1:38 p.m. School was refuge in segregated Waynesboro Nov. 14, 2016, 12:31 p.m. Brewery, restaurant openings and expansions Nov. 14, 2016, 3:39 p.m.
Bad Crawler All Regions North America Asia Pacific Offshore UK Europe Press Releases Professionals  Search   [Go]   Login Register for Free First Time Here?   Services Writing for Mondaq Headline Feeds Enhance Your Website News Alerts   Information Common Questions Contact Us Feedback Form Press Office Privacy Statement   Advertise with Us Unsubscribe Copyright   [Bookmark this site] [Hide Navigation]   Disallowed Crawler. This crawler or robot has been disallowed from visting our site. If you feel this has been in error, please contact our webmaster Disallowed Crawler User Agents: MSIECrawler © Mondaq 1994-2005. All Rights Reserved
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Compounding Problems for Samsung Could Escalate into a Wider Disaster | Main | Samsung to Quickly Compensate Top Note7 Suppliers While Leaving Customers with Home Damage in the Lurch » October 19, 2016 Qualcomm Likely to switch 10nm Snapdragon Processor Orders to TSMC as Samsung Falls behind Schedule   Yesterday Patently Apple posted a report titled "Samsung to Kick-Off 2017 with the World's First 10nm CPU Powering their Galaxy S8." In that report we noted that the Korean source had hyped-up Samsung's victory by stating that Industry analysts are now "predicting that Samsung Electronics will mass-produce new Exynos series, which is its own AP, and Qualcomm's Snapdragon 830 series (835) through 10-nano logic process." Today we learn that may have been a hasty presumption on their part because Qualcomm may have other plans on the table.   We noted in yesterday's report that Apple passed on delivering a 10nm A10 processor for this year and reported earlier that the 2017 A11 was set for a 10nm using a FinFET process. At the same time, TSMC was on schedule with their 10nm processor by the end of this year.   Today news has surfaced from Chinese-language Economic Daily News claiming that "Qualcomm is likely to switch follow-up orders for its Snapdragon 830 chips to Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) in 2017 as production of the 10nm chips at current maker Samsung LSI has reportedly fallen behind schedule."   The report further noted that "A possible delay in the production of the Snapdragon 830 chips is suspected as most Android smartphone vendors have not yet received qualified samples, which are needed for the development and production of high-end models to be showcased or released in early 2017.   Smartphone vendors, including Samsung Electronics, HTC, Asustek Computer, Xiaomi Technology, Sony Mobile Communications, LG Electronics, Oppo and Vivo, have been using Qualcomm's 8-series family products for their high-end models.   Any possible delay in the production of the Snapdragon 830 chips will affect the sales performance of a number of Android smartphone vendors and parts suppliers in the first quarter of 2017."   Qualcomm switching their Snapdragon chip orders to TSMC just as Samsung is struggling to deal with the Note7 crisis could have a disastrous ripple effect throughout Samsung and their bottom line for some time to come.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.   Side Note: A new report surfaced two days later, Oct 21, hinting that the switch was likely to be for future 7nm processors and not 10nm. Because this twist isn't being reported elsewhere, we're posting this update as a Side Note and not an update to our report.   Posted by Jack Purcher on October 19, 2016 at 08:31 AM in 6. Patently Xtra News | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung Aggressively Gets into Apple's Face with Moves into AI and Telematics with Harman Acquisition Chinese State Publication Warns President Elect Trump that any Tariffs on Chinese Goods Would be bad News for Apple Microsoft, Apple and Google Aim to Extend Touch Technologies to a World of new Devices and Applications Samsung sets their Eyes on a Revolutionary Holographic TV Lest we Forget: Remembrance and Veterans Day 2016 Samsung Reconsiders Foldable Smartphones as Fear of another Market Blunder Weighs Heavily on the Company Apple Supplier Japan Display may get one last Government Bailout to help it Shift to OLED Why is Samsung Racing to launch their first Foldable Dumbphone? Apple Updates 'Glass Fused Device Housing' Patent by shining a light on a Possible Illumination Feature Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile/Gallery/Rumor Mobile iOS 10.1 with Portrait Mode may come next week By Todd Haselton | October 19, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo iOS 10.1 is going to be a pretty fun update for folks who purchased the iPhone 7 Plus. It will finally activate the “Portrait Mode” feature within the camera, which uses the secondary sensor to help add a “bokeh” effect to photos. This is the type of blurred-background focus that once wasn’t as possible on smartphones. AppleInsider points to the release of Apple Pay in Japan as a potential catalyst for the launch. In Japan, Apple will work with local carrier NTT DoCoMo to activate FeliCa support, which functions differently than Apple Pay in the United States. A rumor published by another blog, Ata Distance, suggests that support will go live on October 25. Since it’s going to be a relatively major update, the thought is that Apple may just launch it inside iOS 10.1. iOS 10.1 coming soon The timing makes sense, given that iOS 10.1 has already moved along through beta tests. There are already four developer builds available, which means a GM or final release is probably just around the corner. October 25 is still just a rumor, but it doesn’t seem too far-fetched. To be clear, this is far from the first smartphone to offer bokeh options, either through hardware or software, but it’s exciting nonetheless. Source Ata Distance, AppleInsider Topics #Apple #Apple #iOS 10.1 #iPhone 7 Plus Products Mentioned Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone 7 Todd Haselton Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Dienstag, 15.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Kanex Lets You Get Out and Enjoy All of Autumn's Glorious Delights While Staying Connected / Its GoPower Watch Charger, GoPower USB-C Portable Battery, and MiColor Premium Lightning Cables Keep You in Touch with the World as You Get in Touch 19.10.2016 | 16:07 (4 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Marketwired·Mehr Nachrichten von Marketwired Kanex Lets You Get Out and Enjoy All of Autumn's Glorious Delights While Staying Connected / Its GoPower Watch Charger, GoPower USB-C Portable Battery, and MiColor Premium Lightning Cables Keep You in Touch with the World as You Get in Touch BREA, CA -- (Marketwired) -- 10/19/16 -- It's Fall, the air is fresh, the leaves are a rich pallet of autumnal colors, and the temperature is cooling off. Ahhh, the splendor of Mother Nature. Connectivity-solutions leader Kanex has a suggestion: Get outside and enjoy it. Get out from behind that desk, turn off the TV, forget your social media obligations. Round up the family and enjoy. And wherever you go to enjoy it, don't worry about losing your connection to the rest of mankind, Kanex has your mobile devices covered. Among its many products, three in particular can assure you of maintaining the power to keep your Apple Watch, USB-C MacBook, assorted smartphones and tablets, and other USB devices charged and connected: the GoPower Watch, GoPower USB-C Portable Battery, and MiColor Premium Lightning Cables. "We at Kanex believe that in this hectic, go-go-go world, there are times we owe it to ourselves to take in our surroundings and appreciate the world we live in, and the Fall is a perfect time to do just that," commented Andrew Truong of Kanex. "For individuals that want to experience this special time of year while still staying connected, these three Kanex products make it easy to do both." GoPower Watch Portable Charger Premium-performance charging power encased in a durable, soft-touch finish. The proprietary Kanex GoPower Watch is the first cordless portable charger designed specifically for the Apple Watch. This magnetic charging dock uses the same inductive charging connector that comes with an Apple Watch. With 4,000 mAh of power, its lightweight battery is capable of delivering six full charges to the Apple Watch. An additional USB port allows an iPhone to charge simultaneously. GoPower USB-C Portable Battery Providing users with a new level of power, value, and performance, the premium, portable Kanex GoPower USB-C 15,000 mAh rechargeable battery is capable of delivering one full charge to the USB-C MacBook® and multiple charges to tablets, smartphones, and other USB devices. It features an aluminum body with slim design for durability and easy transport, and is the easy way for users to quickly recharge their electronic portable devices, no matter what type of connection is needed. MiColor Premium Lightning Cables Functional and esthetically pleasing, these premium USB cables charge and sync iPhones, iPads, and iPods. They feature DuraBraid, a nylon-fiber-encased cable designed to reduce tangles and increase durability while offering a unique premium look and feel. Both the premium aluminum finish and DuraBraid cable are perfectly color matched to complement iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus models. Availability & Pricing These made-for-autumn-outdoor-enjoyment Kanex products are all available now at www.kanex.com. MSRPs are: GoPower Watch, $99.95; GoPower USB-C Premium Portable Battery, $99.95; and MiColor Premium Lightning Cables, $24.95 - $34.95. About Kanex Kanex is a group of thinkers, creators, technologists, go-getters and doers. As an innovative leader in connectivity solutions for Apple, iOS, PC and Android, we have thrived on creating functional products that fit seamlessly into your everyday life. We have a passion for technology, which is why we are so dedicated to advancing tomorrow's technology, today. Our deep-rooted commitment to providing advanced consumer electronics has demanded we think not just of the individual, but also the home, the business and the environment they survive in. We are Kanex. Driven by passion, curious by nature and unconventional by design. Follow Kanex on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. More information can be found at www.kanex.com. All products/services and trademarks mentioned in this release are the properties of their respective companies. © 2016 Kanex. All rights reserved. Image Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=3069439 © 2016 Marketwired Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple There might actually be an Android phone faster than Apple’s iPhone 7 Zach Epstein BGR NewsOctober 19, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share There has been a somewhat sad irony in the smartphone market over the past few years. Android device vendors initially had some trouble competing with Apple's iPhone, so one tactic they tried was to focus on specs and perceived power. Apple's iPhone lineup has always appeared to be behind the times on paper, so it was an easy target in this regard; even now, the iPhone doesn't pack an octa-core processor or eye-popping processor clock speeds like many Android phones. Of course, Apple is all about efficiency and savvy smartphone users all know that the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus are the fastest and most powerful smartphones in the world despite appearing somewhat modest on paper. Interestingly, however, that title could be stripped from Apple's new iPhones sooner than anyone expected. DON'T MISS: These custom wallpapers unlock a hidden glitch in the iPhone’s interface Real-world performance tests and benchmark performance tests are both important pieces of the puzzle that combine to give users an idea of how powerful a smartphone is. And in both cases, the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus have no equal. Where real-world performance is concerned, Apple's latest iPhones have no equal. Here's a video of the iPhone 7 embarrassing Samsung's Galaxy Note 7, which is now discontinued but was briefly the most powerful Android phone in the world. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_PK_6F_Bhk Benchmark test results paint a similar picture — not even Google's brand new Pixel phones can touch the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. In tests performed using popular benchmark software from AnTuTu, Google’s Pixels score a 1580 on the single-core test and around 4100 on the multi-core test, while Apple’s iPhone 7 handsets score 3430 and 5600 on the same tests. 2016's iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus remained two of the fastest phones on the planet even a full year after they released. In fact, the iPhone 6s is still faster than leading Android flagship phones in real-world speed tests. But the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus might not enjoy the same impressive run, because an Android vendor is claiming that its next-generation smartphone chip is already faster than Apple's latest and greatest devices. As noted by Android Central, Huawei held a press conference in Shanghai, China to unveil its new Kirin 960 processor. The 16nm chipset uses four latest-generation high-performance ARM Cortex-A73 cores as well as four low-power A53 cores to provide power or energy efficiency depending on the needs of the users at any given time. During the announcement, Huawei ran a demo of a real-world speed test that showed an unreleased Huawei phone powered by the new Kirin chipset opening 13 of the 14 most popular apps in China faster than Apple's iPhone 7. Huawei's tests also showed that while the Apple A10 powered iPhone 7 still manages to better numbers in single-core performance tests, the new Kirin 960 tops Apple in multi-core performance. We won't know anything for certain until Huawei releases a smartphone powered by the Kirin 960, but it certainly appears as though the company has done an impressive job on its new chipset. Trending right now: Things just keep getting worse for Samsung Camera shootout pits Google’s Pixel against the iPhone 7 and Galaxy S7 edge Everything you can do in the new ‘Pokemon Sun and Moon’ demo See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech All the Photoshops of this photo of Donald Trump and Barack Obama are perfect BGR News The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Transition Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Latest 50 50 50 New 11/14/16 07:46 PM EST Obama dares Trump to do better on Obamacare Presidential Transition 11/14/16 07:37 PM EST Short list emerges for RNC chair By Shane Goldmacher and Kyle Cheney Priebus expected to have big say in who replaces him as the RNC shapes long-term direction of the party. 11/14/16 07:35 PM EST Steyer calls on Obama to ban offshore drilling in Arctic, Atlantic By Esther Whieldon "We will keep pushing back against Trump’s dark vision and dangerous plans for our country,” Steyer says. Defense 11/14/16 07:30 PM EST Sessions leading choice for defense secretary By Jeremy Herb and Connor O’Brien Establishment Republican defense officials may try to push back against a Sessions nomination as Pentagon chief, sources close to the transition say. Updated 11/14/16 07:25 PM EST Fear rises that Bannon could bring the ‘alt-right’ into White House By Katie Glueck Trump’s decision to appoint the Breitbart executive his chief strategist stokes warnings across the political spectrum. 11/14/16 07:19 PM EST Rep. Kinzinger: It's OK for Trump's children to get security clearances By Brent Griffiths The Illinois Republican says national secrets would not be in any danger. Presidential Transition 11/14/16 07:09 PM EST Pro-Israel groups avoid denouncing Bannon By Michael Crowley Other Jewish leaders blame Trump's chief strategist for anti-Semitism. White House 11/14/16 06:59 PM EST Obama on Trump: This is fine By Edward-Isaac Dovere Seeking to reassure a rattled nation, the president offers up an optimistic view of the man he spent months warning about in apocalyptic terms. 2016 11/14/16 06:30 PM EST Why Women Rejected Hillary By Peg Tyre It’s long past time to stop pretending there’s a “women’s vote.” Trump proved that we don’t come together as a bloc anymore. Updated 11/14/16 06:24 PM EST Trump will honor NATO commitment, Obama says By Madeline Conway Trump was often critical of NATO on the campaign trail, calling it "obsolete." 11/14/16 06:20 PM EST Obama suggests Clinton didn't work as hard as he did By Glenn Thrush and Nolan D. McCaskill "I spent 87 days going to every small town and fair and fish fry and VFW hall," Obama said. 11/14/16 06:18 PM EST Priebus asks GOP officials to be patient with RNC leadership change By Alex Isenstadt Priebus indicated that his successor was not yet lined up. Updated 11/14/16 06:14 PM EST SEC Chair Mary Jo White stepping down By Patrick Temple-West The vacancy will test Trump's willingness to crack down on Wall Street. 11/14/16 06:10 PM EST Obama: Parts of Trump's temperament 'will not serve him well' 11/14/16 06:09 PM EST Obama: Trump is 'pragmatic' 11/14/16 06:06 PM EST Trump will have to reckon his divisive campaign with 'reality,' Obama says 11/14/16 05:47 PM EST Obama: Democrats 'have to compete everywhere' Updated 11/14/16 05:44 PM EST GOP sweep boosts pharma spiritis By Brett Norman and Sarah Karlin-Smith Post-election 'Cures' outlook: Why now? — New Rx price investigations Updated 11/14/16 05:40 PM EST Rep. Ellison formally announces run for DNC chair By Daniel Strauss "I will work tirelessly to make the Democratic Party an organization that brings us together," Rep. Keith Ellison said. 11/14/16 05:31 PM EST Poll: Americans believe Trump can bring prosperity, skeptical he can bring peace By Steven Shepard More than six-in-10 Americans say Trump’s administration will “reduce unemployment and create new jobs." Updated 11/14/16 05:29 PM EST Ryan set to win speaker election By Rachael Bade He's expected to win an internal GOP election on Tuesday. 11/14/16 05:27 PM EST Trump adviser linked to Turkish lobbying By Isaac Arnsdorf A company tied to Erdogan's government hired retired general Michael Flynn's lobbying firm. 11/14/16 05:16 PM EST Obama warns against pulling U.S. out of trade deals By Megan Cassella The president's comments are a direct contrast to Trump's pledges to renegotiate or withdraw from a number of pacts. 11/14/16 05:15 PM EST Clinton wins New Hampshire By Patrick Reis New Hampshire is worth 4 Electoral College votes, bringing Hillary Clinton's total to 232 votes. 11/14/16 05:13 PM EST Clinton digital chief: Democrats to target Facebook’s fake news By Nancy Scola "A publisher with a record of making stuff up is not likely to rank that highly on Google, and the equivalent ought to be the case on Facebook." Updated 11/14/16 05:06 PM EST Pence pushes for email privacy By Matthew Nussbaum Vice President-elect Mike Pence is seeking to keep secret the contents of an email relating to Indiana’s participation, at his behest, in a lawsuit to... 11/14/16 05:02 PM EST Obama warns Trump against ripping up Iran deal By Brent Griffiths "When you're not responsible for it, I think you can call it a terrible deal," President Barack Obama said. 11/14/16 05:01 PM EST Obama dares Trump to do better on Obamacare By Dan Diamond Obama said repealing Obamacare was the "holy grail" for Republicans. Wealth Of Nations 11/14/16 05:00 PM EST Why Wall Street Is Suddenly in Love with Trump By William D. Cohan It’s not just the return of ‘Government Sachs’ in the person of new White House strategist Steve Bannon. Traders are thinking Trump’s policies might actually... 11/14/16 04:48 PM EST Trump will have to reckon his divisive campaign with 'reality,' Obama says By Madeline Conway “Regardless of what experience or assumptions he brought to the office, this office has a way of waking you up,” Obama said. 11/14/16 04:45 PM EST Obama: Trump is 'pragmatic' By Yousef Saba “I don't think he is ideological,” Obama says of Trump. Updated 11/14/16 04:45 PM EST Tim Ryan weighs challenge to Pelosi as Democrats reel By Heather Caygle and John Bresnahan Leadership elections set for Thursday 11/14/16 04:34 PM EST Obama: Parts of Trump's temperament 'will not serve him well' By Nolan D. McCaskill "Everybody around the world’s paying attention," President Barack Obama said. 11/14/16 04:25 PM EST Obama: Democrats 'have to compete everywhere' By Yousef Saba "We have to work at a grassroots level," Obama says. Updated 11/14/16 04:24 PM EST Trump and Putin discuss future ties in phone call By Brent Griffiths The two men's phone call comes after a bitterly fought U.S. election. 11/14/16 04:22 PM EST Obama ducks a question about Steve Bannon By Nolan D. McCaskill "It's in Trump's power to name whoever he wants to fill his administration," President Barack Obama said. 11/14/16 04:04 PM EST Trump will honor NATO commitment, Obama says 11/14/16 04:00 PM EST Obama reminds Trump: 'There's only one president at a time' By Nolan D. McCaskill “My team stands ready to accelerate in the next steps that are required to ensure a smooth transition, and we are gonna be staying in touch as we travel,”... 11/14/16 03:15 PM EST Liberal super PAC seeks Trump records from government agencies By Nolan D. McCaskill “Donald Trump enters the White House with too many conflicts of interest to count, like tapping his children to both run his company and help lead the... Updated 11/14/16 03:15 PM EST Battle to lead NRCC hits overdrive By Rachael Bade and Theodoric Meyer Steve Stivers and Roger Williams both claim support in their bids to head the House GOP campaign arm. 11/14/16 02:51 PM EST White House: Obama, Mexican president avoid discussing Trump during call By Louis Nelson The two presidents apparently did not discuss the elephant in room. 11/14/16 02:33 PM EST Two presidential electors encourage colleagues to sideline Trump By Kyle Cheney "This is a longshot. It’s a hail Mary," one Washington State elector says. Updated 11/14/16 02:33 PM EST Pelosi says Trump's chief strategist is a 'white nationalist' By Yousef Saba Trump’s allies have defended Bannon’s appointment to the top White House position, while mainstream Republicans have remained largely silent. 11/14/16 02:27 PM EST Trump said to narrow choices for Treasury to Mnuchin, Ross By Ben White NEW YORK - Donald Trump has narrowed his focus for Treasury secretary to a pair of candidates, former Goldman Sachs banker Steve Mnuchin and billionaire... 11/14/16 02:08 PM EST Sen. Sessions: I’d be 'pleased to consider' Trump cabinet job By Burgess Everett "Happy to be in the Senate but if I were to be asked I'd be pleased to consider it," Sessions said. 11/14/16 02:00 PM EST Pence brings small K Street network By Isaac Arnsdorf Waxman, Soros and DA on Democratic resistance — Are corporate boards a new client base? 11/14/16 01:59 PM EST Gwen Ifill dead at age 61 By Kelsey Sutton and Hadas Gold The longtime PBS news anchor who had served as a co-host of PBS's NewsHour and as moderator of 'Washington Week' had been undergoing treatment for cancer. Updated 11/14/16 01:41 PM EST Trump allies defend Steve Bannon By Louis Nelson "I like to judge people as I see it as opposed to seeing what other people say," Reince Priebus says. 11/14/16 01:38 PM EST Jordan says he will continue push for IRS chief’s impeachment By Katy O'Donnell Jordan renewed the call for impeachment in a statement to POLITICO Monday criticizing the agency for denying tax-exempt status to the Albuquerque Tea Party... 11/14/16 01:23 PM EST Bernie Sanders to Bannon: Americans won't turn on each other You're All Caught Up We're working on more stories right now Check out these top newsmakers Hillary Clinton Donald Trump Barack Obama Paul Ryan Tim Kaine Mike Pence Mitch McConnell Elizabeth Warren Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results 2016 Elections Events Events Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About Us Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast The Debrief Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 presidential tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus POLITICO Battleground States Project Connect With Us Pro-Israel groups avoid denouncing Bannon Obama on Trump: This is fine Short list emerges for RNC chair Sessions leading choice for defense secretary Gwen Ifill dead at age 61 5 takeaways from Trump's first 5 days Politico Morning Tech A daily download of technology news from Washington and Silicon Valley Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print A thinly veiled shot at Apple in its war with Spotify By Li Zhou 10/19/16 10:00 AM EDT With help from Nancy Scola, Alex Byers, Tony Romm and Margaret Harding McGill LAWMAKERS EYE APP COMPETITION (BUT READ BETWEEN THE LINES) — A new letter to the FTC by Rep. Hank Johnson (D-Ga.) and friends asks the agency to probe the “increasing difficulty that app developers have in reaching and communicating with customers in some app ecosystems.” But the note, Tony reports, has a pretty clear target: the war between Apple and Spotify. “The letter appears to side with Spotify, which has fiercely opposed Apple’s practice of collecting 30 percent of all new subscriptions to services that are sold through the Apple App Store. The two companies have clashed repeatedly over the issue since Apple began making plans to enter the music-streaming business — with Spotify arguing that Apple is acting anti-competitively. Johnson’s office confirmed to POLITICO that it had heard from Spotify on the matter before it drafted its letter.” More here. Story Continued Below NAMES EMERGE FOR CLINTON FCC ROLES — The early contenders to run the FCC in a Hillary Clinton administration include longtime Clinton allies and donors, sources close to the campaign tell Margaret and Tony. Among the names are Susan Ness, a top Clinton fundraiser who previously served as an FCC commissioner under President Bill Clinton; Karen Kornbluh, an executive at audience measurement firm Nielsen who has deep Democratic Party ties; and Phil Verveer, an FCC official and longtime friend of the Clintons. Of course, it’s still early for a formal list, but that hasn’t stopped telecom types from coalescing around those perceived to be front-runners for a commission spot. “Nearly everyone on the list is part of the Clinton campaign's network of tech advisers, which helped draft the Democratic nominee's tech policy platform,” Margaret and Tony report. More, for Pros, here. DOT’S AIRLINE ACTIONS: WHAT TO KNOW — The Transportation Department is issuing a series of executive actions on airline competition — and there are some tidbits for tech. The agency is exploring the idea of “all-in-one” pricing information for customers who purchase plane tickets online, so they aren’t surprised by hidden costs for things like carry-on luggage and seat assignments. Another DOT action bans online ticket agents, like Kayak and Expedia, from “undisclosed biasing of flight offerings on behalf of certain airlines.” GOOD WEDNESDAY MORNING! Welcome to Morning Tech, where we’re gearing up for debate, round three. Send your tech tips and comments to lzhou@politico.com and @liszhou. Catch the rest of the team’s contact info after the calendar. TECH AND THE DEBATES: THIRD TIME’S THE CHARM? — There hasn’t been much tech talk at the presidential debates, but the third and final matchup tonight is expected to feature discussion of immigration — a big topic for Silicon Valley because of H1-B visas. FWD.us, the immigration reform advocacy group founded by Mark Zuckerberg, has a list of questions it wants the candidates to address. FWD.us president Todd Schulte said the group would like to hear Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump explain how they would modernize the legal visa system, take care of children if their parents are deported and work with Congress to pass immigration legislation. — If you look closely at the debate audience tonight, you might spot investor Mark Cuban and HP Enterprise CEO Meg Whitman, who are expected to attend, according to Clinton campaign communications director Jennifer Palmieri. — On the subject of immigration, FWD.us also filed a comment Tuesday, on the Department of Homeland Security’s International Entrepreneur Rule, which would enable DHS to grant temporary residency privileges to foreign entrepreneurs to start or scale businesses in the U.S. Its feedback for DHS includes extending the visa duration to eight years, from five; reducing the job creation requirement to 3-5 jobs; and offering a clearer pathway for those that qualify for legal permanent residency. Twenty-three other groups and individuals signed on to support the feedback, including the Consumer Technology Association. FIRST IN MT: EVERY CRS REPORT, FOR FREE — For years, open-government types have been agitating for the Congressional Research Service to make its much-prized research on everything from air pollution to the prospects for democracy in Zimbabwe available to the public rather than just to lawmakers. Nancy reports that today, advocates are taking matters into their own hands with the launch of EveryCRSReport.com, which features all the reports now available to Congress — 8,243 and counting. Two unnamed congressional member offices are scraping the reports from the Hill’s in-house system and publishing them to the unsanctioned site (a project of progressive group Demand Progress). Something to watch: whether Carla Hayden, the newly installed Librarian of Congress, reacts by celebrating the go-get-'em-ness of the effort, or tries to squash it. PROGRESSIVE TECHIES TARGETING ROSENWORCEL ON PRIVACY (AGAIN) — The aforementioned Demand Progress and Fight For The Future are launching another social media push to pressure FCC Democrat Jessica Rosenworcel to support the agency’s broadband privacy proposal, Alex reports. The groups will ask followers — more than 500,000 of them, per Demand Progress — to tweet at or call Rosenworcel, who has expressed some level of apprehension about the plan but hasn’t opposed it outright. The effort will roll out over the next few days. Demand Progress told MT that a small segment of supporters who received the groups’ call to action had already sent around 250 tweets to Rosenworcel by Tuesday evening. — Rosenworcel and other FCC commissioners are also getting an earful from broadband groups. AT&T, the Internet Commerce Coalition and others have come in for meetings on the issue, arguing that browsing data should not be considered “sensitive information” under the agency’s rule and telling the FCC that it should relax its rules for first-party marketing. FCC AUCTION UPDATE — Bidding starts back up again in Stage 2 of the FCC’s incentive auction this morning, when wireless companies and other forward-auction bidders resume their competition for TV airwaves. Broadcasters are seeking $54.6 billion in exchange for their spectrum, down from the $86 billion price tag in the first stage of the auction. PODESTA ASKED TO GIVE ZUCKERBERG PHILANTHROPY ADVICE — In one of the latest WikiLeaks-published emails allegedly hacked from Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta, Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg asks Podesta if he can provide guidance to Mark Zuckerberg on applying his philanthropy to public policy. “Mark is meeting with people to learn more about next steps for his philanthropy and social action and it’s hard to imagine someone better placed or more experienced than you to help him,” she writes. “He wants to meet folks who can inform his understanding about effective political operations to advance public policy goals on social oriented objectives (like immigration, education or basic scientific research).” YAHOO EARNINGS SOLID, BUT QUESTIONS LINGER — After a tumultuous period that included a massive hack affecting 500 million users and reports of a program that scans user messages per a government request, Yahoo announced Q3 earnings (minus certain expenses) of 20 cents per share — profits that beat analyst expectations of 14 cents per share, Bloomberg reports. But, as Recode pointed out: “While it looks like a big beat, this result is primarily due to cost cuts and not massive growth in its businesses.” — But Yahoo canceled its earnings call, which meant no answers on the hack, the-who-knew-what-when or potential impact on the pending Verizon deal, which Verizon believes is now open to re-negotiation. “We are busy preparing for integration with Verizon,” said Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer, in a statement. “We remain very confident, not only in the value of our business, but also in the value Yahoo products bring to our users’ lives.” IS FACIAL RECOGNITION TECH VIOLATING CIVIL LIBERTIES? — Sen. Al Franken (D-Minn.), Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah) and the ACLU are among those concerned about how law enforcement agencies’ facial recognition systems could be violating civil liberties, following a report from the Center on Privacy and Technology at Georgetown Law that revealed that images of half of all Americans are stored in such facial recognition systems. “By using face recognition to scan the faces on 26 states’ driver’s license and ID photos, police and the FBI have basically enrolled half of all adults in a massive virtual line-up,” says Alvaro Bedoya, a co-author of the report and the executive director of the Center on Privacy & Technology at Georgetown Law. In addition to the privacy implications of such systems, the report notes that facial recognition programs could disproportionately harm African Americans and subject them to a tech-based form of racial profiling. TECHIES SNAG INVITES TO STATE DINNER — Google Inc. CEO Sundar Pichai, Medium CEO Evan Williams and venture capitalist John Doerr were among those who were invited to Tuesday evening’s state dinner, hosting Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi. Chef Mario Batali prepared food for the event while singer Gwen Stefani provided the night’s entertainment, marking the final state dinner of the Obama Administration. Other attendees included Chance the Rapper and singer/songwriter Frank Ocean, Tony reports. QUICK DOWNLOADS LinkedIn diversity data sluggish, too: The company says women make up 18 percent of technical roles on a global level and that its ethnic diversity saw little change in the last year. “While our numbers reflect a work in progress, we’ve initiated programs that we believe will make a difference,” LinkedIn says. New Macs coming soon: Apple is set to unveil some much-anticipated new hardware on Oct. 27, Recode reported, citing unnamed sources. That will include computers that will use the new Sierra operating system, the site said. Samsung setting up Note 7 airport exchanges: In a move to stop the troubled devices from being brought on board flights in violation of new regulations, the tech company is creating service booths at airports in Australia. Customers can swap out their phones and data. Samsung faces potential class-action lawsuit over the Note 7: A filing in federal court in New Jersey seeks class-action status for Note 7 owners, with three plaintiffs alleging they had to wait days and sometimes weeks for replacement devices, and still incurred charges for their phone plans in the meantime. SolarCity-Airbnb team up: Hosts that rent their homes through Airbnb can get a $1,000 discount on solar panels from SolarCity. Ecuador confirms it restricted WikiLeaks’ internet: The country’s government said it temporarily limited WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange’s internet access, because the site was releasing documents “impacting on the U.S. election campaign.” Facebook debuts political endorsements feature: Users can now share with their social media network endorsements for various political figures. Tips, comments, suggestions? Send them along via email to our team: Alex Byers (abyers@politico.com, @byersalex), Eric Engleman (eengleman@politico.com, @ericengleman), Angela Greiling Keane (agreilingkeane@politico.com, @agreilingkeane), Tony Romm (tromm@politico.com, @tonyromm), Nancy Scola (nscola@politico.com, @nancyscola), Margaret Harding McGill (mmcgill@politico.com, @margarethmcgill), Ashley Gold (agold@politico.com, @ashleyrgold) and Li Zhou (lzhou@politico.com, @liszhou). ** A message from the National Association of Manufacturers: Over 1,100 business leaders sent a message to President-elect Trump last week: it’s time for healing, to come together. The letter, led by the National Association of Manufacturers, stressed the “urgent need to restore faith in our vital economic and government institutions and to bolster the promise of America.” To #BeTheSolution, let’s start with infrastructure, a bipartisan priority. Let’s rebuild not just our transportation infrastructure but also modernize our energy infrastructure, and pipelines, and broadband infrastructure—to boost America’s quality of life. Less than 1/2 of households in the bottom quintile of the economy have high-speed broadband. With “Building To Win,” we can build a stronger, more inclusive economy. America is falling behind the rest of the world, but with a serious, targeted plan we can secure our economic leadership, spur real economic growth and offer more people the dignity of work. Learn more about how manufacturers are committed to #BeTheSolution. http://www.nam.org/buildingtowin ** « View Archives Authors: Li Zhou lzhou@politico.com About The Author Technology Reporter Most Read Gwen Ifill dead at age 61 5 takeaways from Trump's first 5 days Soros bands with donors to resist Trump, 'take back power' Trump pledges to stay Trump Two presidential electors encourage colleagues to sideline Trump Democrats look to exploit Trump divisions with GOP Congress Will America Now Have a Pravda? Economy could soar and then crash under Trump Alex Jones says Trump called to thank him Report: Trump praises China in call to Chinese president Morning Tech - POLITICO Archive Monday, 11/14/16 Friday, 11/11/16 Thursday, 11/10/16 Wednesday, 11/9/16 Tuesday, 11/8/16 View the Full Morning Tech Archives » Politico Magazine Why Women Rejected Hillary By Peg Tyre Why Wall Street Is Suddenly in Love with Trump By William D. Cohan Will America Now Have a Pravda? By Jack Shafer How President Trump Could Reshape the Supreme Court—and the Country By Jeffrey Rosen More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2016 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any... Daily Deals: Amazon Echo $120, 23-inch HP display $87, and more   skip to main content skip to main menu     WSJ: e-ink keyboards will be a standard feature on 2018 MacBooks By Christian Zibreg, Oct 19, 2016 Tweet 13 Comments Following The Guardian’s report, based on a verified post on Reddit alleging that Apple recently met with representatives from Australian startup Sonder Design to discuss using its dynamic keyboard technology in a future Magic Keyboard, The Wall Street Journal has corroborated that such talks took place on October 11 in China. However, Sonder CEO Francisco Serra-Martin denied in a press release that the meeting took place. Be that as it may, WSJ claims that the new dynamic keyboards will be a standard feature on next-generation MacBook laptops, which Apple is aiming to launch in 2018. By giving each key its own e-ink display not unlike that found on Amazon’s Kindle e-readers, keyboard graphics could change on the fly from one app to another. From the report: The new keyboards will be a standard feature on MacBook laptops, and will be able to display any alphabet, along with an unlimited number of special commands and emojis, people familiar with the plans said. The story specifically states that the keyboard technology has been developed by Sonder Design Pty Ltd., an Australian startup backed by iPhone manufacturer Foxconn Technology Group. The Guardian reported last week that Apple was in talks to acquire Sonder. According to Sonder’s boss, however, The Guardian article “contains a number of factual errors”. The CEO said he “did not meet Tim Cook on Wednesday, October 12, 2016,” which The Guardian story said he did. Note that he did not deny allegations that Apple is interested in using Sonder’s dynamic keyboard technology or a potential acquisition. Be that as it may, a rumored MacBook Pro with a dynamic keyboard could appeal to people who frequently type in more than one language, international businesses and students, creative pros who use software with specialized shortcuts, such as graphic designers and gamers. Here’s a preview of Sonder’s upcoming $199 e-ink keyboard. According to one insider, Apple’s implementation of Sonder technology could use a color e-ink display on each key rather than its grayscale counterpart. Apple is rumored to be unveiling new MacBook Pros at an event later this month. However, these imminent MacBook Pros are thought to have a brand new OLED function key row that would respond to touch, with the OLED display dynamically changing graphics on the virtual function keys depending on apps you use. At any rate, it doesn’t really look like the next MacBook Pro will have a full-on e-ink keyboard because the Journal clearly states that Mac notebooks with dynamic keyboards shouldn’t be expected before 2018. Source: The Wall Street Journal Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend This is Apple’s new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, Touch ID & more No Escape key on OLED MacBook Pro? Sierra lets you remap its function to a modifier key One more hint that the next MacBook Pro will have OLED touch bar Next-gen MacBook Pro to integrate Touch ID into the Power button? Related Topics Apple, E-Ink, Keyboard, Mac, MacBook, News, Notebooks, Rumor, Sonder Design, WSJ OWashe Cool e brake 2018 is a great year to consider upgrading my MacBook Pro as well. Prasoon Singh or 2020. Feivl Or 2022. YoungRabbi or 2024. e brake Apple will lose business if it waited that long for at least new MacBook Pros.. Calvin This seems like a pretty nice innovation. Especially nice for those considering the use of alternative keyboard layouts like Dvorak. zebonaut Nice. Maybe one day Apple will solve the spinning cursor; and the 5 minute boot up. Fanboy  Sounds like you need an upgrade lol Rolf Bause Never, ever. As a keyboard – yes, but not in MacBooks. techfreak23 Anyone else notice that the F10 key in the video is upside down? Liam Mulcahy That is dope Rowan09 I need to update my Mac so maybe I will soon.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Reviewers weigh in on the new MacBook Pro… Nonprofits in U.S. now able to accept donations using Apple Pay Apple seeds third beta of iOS 10.2, macOS Sierra 10.12.2, and tvOS 10.1 to developers KGI (again) predicts iPhone demand has peaked for the year due to lackluster improvements Apple spent years testing if touchscreens made sense on the Mac   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
Menu Home Volumes & Issues Vol. 7, Issue 1 Vol. 6, Issue 2 Vol. 6, Issue 1 Vol. 5, Issue 2 Vol. 5, Issue 1 Vol. 4 Issue 3 Vol. 4 Issue 2 Vol. 4 Issue 1 Vol. 3 Issue 3 Vol. 3, Issue 2 Vol. 3, Issue 1 Vol. 2, Issue 3 Vol. 2, Issue 2 Vol. 2, Issue 1 Vol. 1, Issue 1 Events 3rd Annual Symposium 2nd Annual Symposium 1st Annual Symposium About IPB Current Staff 2015-2016 Staff 2014-2015 Staff 2013-2014 Staff 2012-2013 Staff 2011-2012 Staff 2010-2011 Staff 2009-2010 Staff Available Positions for WCL Students Contact Us Submitting Articles Menu Daily Blog Trademark Copyright Patents Other IP Federal Circuit Blog Current Print Issue Archives Archives Select Month November 2016  (4) October 2016  (10) September 2016  (3) August 2016  (2) July 2016  (1) June 2016  (2) April 2016  (13) March 2016  (14) February 2016  (22) January 2016  (18) December 2015  (6) November 2015  (12) October 2015  (12) September 2015  (4) August 2015  (3) May 2015  (1) April 2015  (6) March 2015  (20) February 2015  (18) January 2015  (9) December 2014  (14) November 2014  (19) October 2014  (11) September 2014  (18) August 2014  (7) July 2014  (21) June 2014  (21) May 2014  (16) April 2014  (28) March 2014  (37) February 2014  (43) January 2014  (35) December 2013  (29) November 2013  (47) October 2013  (36) September 2013  (13) August 2013  (14) July 2013  (13) June 2013  (17) May 2013  (14) April 2013  (30) March 2013  (16) February 2013  (23) January 2013  (25) December 2012  (11) November 2012  (34) October 2012  (36) September 2012  (18) August 2012  (17) July 2012  (22) June 2012  (30) May 2012  (16) April 2012  (28) March 2012  (21) February 2012  (26) January 2012  (22) December 2011  (4) November 2011  (39) October 2011  (32) September 2011  (29) August 2011  (10) July 2011  (14) June 2011  (23) May 2011  (19) April 2011  (48) March 2011  (47) February 2011  (42) January 2011  (17) December 2010  (21) November 2010  (33) October 2010  (34) September 2010  (30) August 2010  (26) July 2010  (26) June 2010  (14) May 2010  (16) April 2010  (14) March 2010  (3) January 2010  (1) October 2016 M T W T F S S « Sep   Nov »   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Browse: Home   /   2016   /   October   /   19   /   Looking the Part Is Not the Same as Being Iconic Looking the Part Is Not the Same as Being Iconic Justin Berger / October 19, 2016 / Comments Off on Looking the Part Is Not the Same as Being Iconic / Daily Blog, Issues, Patents, Trademark Tweet Oral argument for Samsung v. Apple centered around whether Section 289 of the Patent Act entitles Apple to receive all of the profits from Samsung’s phone that included components that were found to have infringed on several of Apple’s design patents. In an attempt to define what an “article of manufacture” is, the Court and the arguing parties attempted to analogize the iPhone in the current case with the iconic look of the Volkswagen Beetle. This analogy may not be as helpful as it first appears due to distinctions in litigation between design patents and trademarks. ‘ The world of intellectual property is aflutter with Samsung Elec. Co. v. Apple Inc. The level of intrigue in this design patent case seems to have roughly equated to the level of difficulty of narrowly defining an “article of manufacture.” Nevertheless, the Court has sought to accomplish that task by answering the two questions presented by the petition, which are: “Where a design patent includes unprotected non-ornamental features, should a district court be required to limit that patent to its protected ornamental scope?” “Where a design patent is applied to only a component of the product, should an award of infringer’s profits be limited to those profits attributable to the component?” The most popular analogy used at the oral argument (transcript|audio) seemed to be the Volkswagen Beetle—it was mentioned twenty-two times during argument. The Court attempted to analogize consumer response to the iconic look of the Beetle with that of Apple’s iPhone. However, the Beetle’s use for analogy to this case is somewhat peculiar. While consumer feelings regarding the Beetle could play into matters of intellectual property, those feelings tend to be more relevant to trademark matters. Historically, the “look” of a car has rarely been litigated as a design patent matter. Over the last twenty-five years, automakers have typically alleged trademark and trade dress infringement to protect the exterior styling of their vehicles. Even when discussing a vehicle part as specific as the grille, as was the case in AM General Corporation v. DaimlerChrysler Corporation, the case centered around trademark of the grille rather than design patents of the grille (311 F.3d 796 (7th Cir. 2002)). Design patents have not gone on ignored—automakers have sought and received approval for design patents that incorporated the whole of the vehicle for many years, but there has been a growing trend of “portion claiming” (which is simply patenting all the parts that make up a design) particularly since Egyptian Goddess, Inc. v. Swiss, Inc. (543 F.3d 665 (Fed. Cir. 2008)). While the portion claiming used by automakers (BMW X5 front bumper as a part: U.S. D748,543 compared to the entire BMW X5: U.S. D757,607) parallels what Apple did with the iPhone (bezel and home button: U.S. D593,087; front display panel: U.S. D618,677), the automotive cases have differed in that trials were typically either about infringing the whole of the car (trademark), or manufacturing unlicensed parts of the car (design patent). Who (or what) the intended protection is for makes a difference. Trademarks exist to protect consumers by ensuring that they are actually buying what they think they are buying. Design patents are intended to protect the designer’s (or assignee of the patent) right to profit from his or her design. Unlike Apple and the iPhone, damages in automotive cases were not sought based on attribution of a specific part of the vehicle and how much a consumer’s motivation for buying a car was based on one specific component—it simply did not fit into the framework of the remedy sought. The consumer aspect really only became relevant in cases of trademark. The distinct litigation strategies involved in protecting the automotive designs have arguably been the cause of market realities and technology, reinforced by legal precedent. Changes in both of those factors may create a reason to re-assess why and how car manufacturers protect their designs–and the subsequent charges they bring to enforce their property interests. But imagining what the future framework of litigation may be and then applying it to current circumstances risks confusing two separate avenues of protecting intellectual property. The case before the Court is no doubt a complex one, and it is destined to have implications for policy questions as much as it does for legal questions. Only time will tell how the Court decides this case, but such a decision may be best served if it does not answer the questions presented based on the faulty analogy between an iPhone and a Volkswagen Beetle. Tags: Apple, Beetle, cars, design patents, Samsung, Trademark, vehicles, Volkswagen ← Appeals Court Revives Trader Joe’s Trademark Battle In re Tam → Follow Us! View ipbrief’s profile on Facebook View @ipbrief’s profile on Twitter My Tweets Like Us on Facebook Like Us on Facebook Subscribe to Blog via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 48 other subscribers Email Address Copyright © 2016 Powered by Oxygen Theme. Copy / Paste Site Search Wikipedia Google Facts Amazon eBay Outlook Gmail Y! Mail Twitter Search & Share
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Apple Apple to refresh Mac lineup at October 27 event Apple Apple to refresh Mac lineup at October 27 event By Bindu Nair - Oct 19, 2016 Apple is apparently going to launch new MacBooks at a huge October 27 event to be held at its Cupertino campus. Sources confirmed the date to Recode, who also noted that the location marks a change of pace for the manufacturer since it usually holds such announcements in San Francisco. The date conveniently falls ahead of the busy holiday season. Apple is expected to announce changes to the MacBook Air, MacBook Pro, and iMac. It could also introduce a new 5K standalone monitor and announce a release date for its wireless AirPods. The MacBook Air may have to bid goodbye to its 11-inch model as per a recent rumor, with the brand choosing to focus on the 13-inch member of the lineup instead. Apple’s entry-level laptop might be getting USB-C support if a Bloomberg report holds true. The company will probably maintain the same design and isn’t planning on upgrading its screen quality. The same goes for the iMac which could also see USB-C being added to its list of specs bundled with new AMD GPU options. Also Read: Apple’s next MacBook may sport ‘magic’ e-ink keyboard The MacBook Pro is expected to be the star of the show. Apple hasn’t updated the lineup since 2012. It’s supposedly planning to make up for the 4-year gap by dazzling people with an all-new secondary display which will sit atop the main keyboard. This touch-enabled strip might replace the standard physical keys in order to offer up a more customizable experience for consumers. Finally, speculation about a fresh external 5K monitor has been around since Apple retired its previous Thunderbolt Display back in June this year. This new-and-improved product may offer a built-in GPU and USB-C support over Thunderbolt 3. VIA9to5Mac SOURCERecode TAGS apple Apple AirPods iMac MacBook Air MacBook Pro SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleApple ditches plans to build its own self-driving car Next articleGoogle now lets you book an Uber, Ola straight from search Bindu Nair RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR iPhone 8 to sport 5.8-inch curved borderless display Apple to launch bezel-less 10.9-inch iPad Apple’s AirPods may go up for sale next week 246,415FansLike 13,720FollowersFollow 12,838SubscribersSubscribe TRENDING All Alternatives Apple Cameras Download Features Gaming General Guide Hardware Home Entertainment Interesting Internet iPod News Laptops Mobile Phones Science Security Software Tablet Tech Reviews Telecom Wireless More 9 Awesome iPhone 8 Concepts Sohil Nikam - Nov 14, 2016 0 OnePlus 3T gets leaked ahead of launch Bindu Nair - Nov 14, 2016 0 AI-infused Google Play Music now recommends songs based on you activities Bindu Nair - Nov 14, 2016 0 Load more ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Black Friday Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > Apple Ends iOS 9 Downgrades on iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch Wednesday October 19, 2016 7:39 AM PDT by Joe Rossignol Apple has stopped signing iOS 9.3.5 for compatible iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch models, effectively ending iOS 9 downgrades. iOS 10.0.1 is also no longer being signed, making iOS 10.0.2 the oldest software update users can still downgrade their devices to via iTunes. Apple routinely stops signing older software updates several weeks after they are released. iOS 9.3.5 was released in late August as the last update to the iOS 9 operating system, with major security fixes for three zero-day exploits. iOS 10.0.1 was released on September 13 as the first iOS 10 version for all devices beyond the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. The move does not affect jailbreaking, as iOS 9.3.3 is the latest software version with a publicly available exploit. Apple patched that jailbreak in iOS 9.3.4, crediting the Chinese team Pangu for its discovery, and it is unlikely that a jailbreak will ever be publicly released for iOS 9.3.5 at this point in time. Apple has also stopped signing tvOS 9.2.2 for the fourth-generation Apple TV. Tags: iOS 9.3.5, iOS 10.0.1 40 comments Top Rated Comments (View all) bbrks 4 weeks ago Awesome. I updated my iPad from 9.3.2 to 9.3.5 just a day or so ago (not interested in jail breaking) Sorry, I don't get it. What's awesome?....IOS 10 is way better than IOS 9..... Rating: 5 Votes Gasu E. 4 weeks ago Happily on iOS 8.4.1 on my iPhone 6. My hang up with Apple is they stopped supporting Snow Leopard with iOS 9 & 10 yet 9 supported Windows XP! All iOS final versions should still be signed in order to support corporate enterprises and consumer trial testing. Imagine if you installed Sierra on your MacBook and couldn't downgrade to El Capitain. Same thing. Someday a class action will force apple to keep signing. You hit the nail the head. At my company, we are finding all sorts of corporate applications breaking. That statement is accurate as of today, Oct 19, 2016. Four or five weeks is not enough time for corporations to upgrade their systems. Rating: 4 Votes now i see it 4 weeks ago Another reason not to try 10 for those who have not made the jump Rating: 3 Votes logicstudiouser 4 weeks ago iOS 6 club on iPhone 5. I am the 0.001% :p Rating: 3 Votes asleep 4 weeks ago Still on 9.3.5 here. Rating: 2 Votes JosephAW 4 weeks ago Happily on iOS 8.4.1 on my iPhone 6. My hang up with Apple is they stopped supporting Snow Leopard with iOS 9 & 10 yet 9 supported Windows XP! All iOS final versions should still be signed in order to support corporate enterprises and consumer trial testing. Imagine if you installed Sierra on your MacBook and couldn't downgrade to El Capitain. Same thing. Someday a class action will force apple to keep signing. Rating: 2 Votes nfl46 4 weeks ago Goodbye iOS 9 Rating: 2 Votes zorinlynx 4 weeks ago This sounds fair. Apple gave plenty of time for people who had issues with 10, to downgrade. Rating: 2 Votes C DM 4 weeks ago Never understood why people love to stay on older releases... They work better for them in various different ways? Rating: 1 Votes Bubba Satori 4 weeks ago There's no reason for anyone not to be running iOS 10 now on any of their compatible devices. iOS 10 is smoother, faster and more delightful than all previous versions of iOS. I urge everyone to upgrade. How ya doin' Phil? Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. Front Page Stories Apple Testing Augmented Reality 'Smart Glasses' That Connect to iPhone 11 minutes ago on Front Page As part of its effort to expand further into wearable devices, Apple is working on a set of smart glasses, reports Bloomberg. Citing sources familiar with Apple's plans, the site says the smart... 7 comments Apple Highlights Mac Apps Updated With Support for MacBook Pro Touch Bar 3 hours ago on Front Page As the new MacBook Pro models with Touch Bar begin arriving to customers, Apple has updated the Mac App Store with a featured section highlighting a selection of Mac apps that have been updated with... 66 comments What's New in iOS 10.2 Beta 3: TV App Updates, SOS and Videos App Removed 4 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the third beta of iOS 10.2 to developers, introducing some notable improvements to the new "TV" app that was introduced in the second iOS 10.2 beta. As can be seen in... 43 comments New MacBook Pro's Dedicated AMD Graphics Chips Are 'Significantly' Faster and Support Dual 5K Displays 6 hours ago on Front Page Apple dropped Intel's integrated Iris Pro graphics in favor of dedicated AMD graphics across its entire new 15-inch MacBook Pro lineup, resulting in performance improvements over previous models.... 161 comments Apple Seeds Third macOS Sierra 10.12.2 Beta to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] 7 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the third beta of the upcoming macOS Sierra 10.12.2 update to developers, one week after releasing the second 10.12.2 beta and three weeks following the public release of macOS... 22 comments Apple Seeds Third Beta of iOS 10.2 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available] 7 hours ago on Front Page Apple today seeded the third beta of an upcoming iOS 10.2 update to developers, one week after seeding the second beta of iOS 10.2 and three weeks after releasing iOS 10.1, the first major update to... 63 comments Phil Schiller Says Apple Tested and Rejected Touch Screen Macs, Finding It 'Absurd' on a Desktop 8 hours ago on Front Page Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, Phil Schiller, recently continued the company's stance against turning its desktop and laptop devices into touch screen-enabled... 513 comments First Customers Begin to Receive New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar 9 hours ago on Front Page The calendar has turned to Monday, delivery trucks have hit the streets, and the first customers around the world are now beginning to receive Apple's new MacBook Pro with the all-new Touch Bar.... 78 comments • iPhone 7 Demand Has 'Peaked' as Shipments Forecasted to Decline Significantly Over Next Two Months (82) • New MacBook Pro Reviews Mixed as Touch Bar Called Everything From 'Useful' to 'Gimmick' (249) • Revamped Google Play Music Streams Content Based on User Location, Activity, and Time of Day (47) • Touch Bar MacBook Pro Orders Begin Shipping to Customers (267) • Apple Begins Shipping LG UltraFine 4K Displays (210) • AT&T's Optional 'Stream Saver' Feature Will Throttle Streaming Video Starting in 2017 (117) • AirPods Production Said to Begin in December in Limited Quantities (162)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'BATMAN - The Telltale Series' Episode 3 Review: Sorry Bruce, the New World Order Sucks 'RETSNOM' Developer Releases Pixelated Point-and-Click Hacking Game 'Replica: A Little Temporary Safety' on iOS 'Kathy Rain' Point-and-Click Adventure Hits Mobile Before Thanksgiving 'Cube Knight' Dual-Stick Shooter Based on King Arthur Legends Now Available How 'Burly Men at Sea' Went From a Concept to a Game Atari Soft Launches 'RollerCoaster Tycoon Touch' in New Zealand AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Home Auto Gadgets Hardware Internet IT Science Software Blogs Polls Submit News Hardware 8 Days to Apple's October Event Elroy Bethell - October 19, 2016 8:22 AM Print Recipient E-mail Sender E-mail Mac Book Pro  (Source: Apple) Sources say that Apple has chosen Thursday, October 27th to announce the new MacBook. I called an Apple store to get some more information, but my confidential informant couldn’t confirm or deny anything about the product released at the event. Sources say that Apple has chosen Thursday, October 27th to announce the new MacBook.  I called an Apple store to get some more information, but my confidential informant couldn’t confirm or deny anything about the product released at the event. Apple usually holds announcement events on a Tuesday or Wednesday, but since Microsoft took Wednesday for the  Microsoft Surface All-in-One PC event, Thursday is the selected date. As with all Apple events, we are looking to see what new products Apple will debut.  The current hype centers are the Mac models. There is rumored to be a new 13″ MacBook Air models with USB-C ports and a new MacBook Pro with a fancy digital display above the keyboard.  This could mean the end of the MacBook Air 11-inch model as the focus shifts to the new 13” models. Intel’s new Skylake Iprocessors will be the CPU used in the MacBook Air. We could see new iMacs and standalone 5k monitor to replace the Thunderbolt display. This new 5K monitor is speculated to have  an internal GPU that enables MacBooks or older Macs to drive the much higher-resolution display. According to information from a reliable Chinese supplier, Apple is planning to announce the new MacBook Pro within this month, and to begin shipping out to retailers in October. It seems all of these models are developed with support for the USB-C and Thunderbolt 3 ports in mind, and will no longer be compatible with the USB-A connector, and the MacSafe 2 and Thunderbolt 2 ports. "Let's face it, we're not changing the world. We're building a product that helps people buy more crap - and watch porn." -- Seagate CEO Bill Watkins Latest Headlines Here Goes Intel and AMD - Neck and Neck Again November 14, 2016, 5:00 AM Refurbished Desktops and More in Today’s Market November 13, 2016, 5:00 AM AMD Inspires Innovation Everywhere November 12, 2016, 1:00 AM Wi-Fi on Intel USB 3.1 November 11, 2016, 1:00 AM NVIDIA Corporation Scores the Microsoft Surface November 2, 2016, 8:27 AM Apple Launches New MacBook with Two Missing Items October 29, 2016, 1:00 AM More Headlines Most Popular ArticlesUTHealth Clinical Trial Shows Progress Using Stem Cells to Treat Traumatic Brain Injury November 8, 2016, 1:00 AM No More Big Solar Panels Over The Roof Again Thanks to New Technology November 5, 2016, 5:00 AM Ergonomic Mice: 3M vs J-Tech November 8, 2016, 6:00 AM Uber Partners with Circulation to Pilot Program Connecting Transportation and Digital Health Care November 6, 2016, 5:00 AM Ultimate GPUs - 3 Under $300.00 November 7, 2016, 1:00 AM Latest Blog Posts Points to Consider when Buying Your New PC – Window 10 PC Buying Guide Saimin Nidarson - Nov 14, 2016, 5:00 AM Google’s Pixel, Pixel XL smartphones have a Bug Saimin Nidarson - Nov 13, 2016, 1:00 AM Uber Latest Announcement Saimin Nidarson - Nov 12, 2016, 1:00 AM No More Free Lunch Saimin Nidarson - Nov 11, 2016, 1:00 AM Are you tried of Google tracking you? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 10, 2016, 2:34 AM Antibody May Promise Zika Vaccine Saimin Nidarson - Nov 8, 2016, 1:00 AM Samsung is Back in the News Again Saimin Nidarson - Nov 7, 2016, 1:00 AM What are the benefits of a solar panel roofing system and how it works? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 6, 2016, 6:00 AM PolyMet Wants Build Copper Mine Saimin Nidarson - Nov 5, 2016, 5:00 AM Paying Your Metro Transit Fare Got Easier Saimin Nidarson - Nov 4, 2016, 5:15 AM Xiaomi Launched Mi Air Purifier Pro in China Saimin Nidarson - Nov 3, 2016, 4:31 AM A Car Mechanic Repaired a Helicopter Saimin Nidarson - Nov 2, 2016, 2:00 AM Wells Fargo after damaging its reputation and taking over the customer’s accounts wants to be trusted again!!! Saimin Nidarson - Nov 1, 2016, 9:46 AM World News, Ceta Signing was Cancelled: Saimin Nidarson - Oct 31, 2016, 1:45 AM What Would You Do for A Free iPhone7? Elroy Bethell - Oct 30, 2016, 1:00 AM Airline Flight Catches Fire Saimin Nidarson - Oct 29, 2016, 1:17 AM From Time to Time, The Unbelievable and Unimaginable Happens!!!! Saimin Nidarson - Oct 28, 2016, 4:56 AM Key EpiPen Competitor Out in 2017 At ' Very Low' Cost Saimin Nidarson - Oct 27, 2016, 5:30 AM Researchers use CRISPR to Accelerate Search for HIV Cure Saimin Nidarson - Oct 26, 2016, 5:00 AM More Blog Posts Copyright 2016 DailyTech LLC. - RSS Feed | Advertise | About Us | Ethics | FAQ | Terms, Conditions & Privacy Information | Kristopher Kubicki
null
Wednesday, October 26, 2016  |  Muharram 25, 1438 Business Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism Electronic SIMs will replace tradition SIM cards, above, allowing people to change carriers with an app. Dado Ruvic / Reuters Peter Nowak: ESim tech could see off the mobile phone racket Peter Nowak October 19, 2016 Updated: October 26, 2016 10:38 AM Related Trump fills the empty space that tech created ‘Galaxy, order me a pizza’ – Samsung flagship to feature AI assistant Peter Nowak: Up is down, down is up and Microsoft is Apple Review: Sony’s Xperia XZ smartphone is a winner in the selfie stakes Peter Nowak: Facebook and Twitter may come to regret their grip on consumers’ minds Topics: Smartphones It’s almost time to rejoice – the mobile phone racket is coming to end. Cheaper devices and services are coming soon, thanks to a new technology known as eSim. But before we get to that, let’s discuss the racket itself. Don’t believe you’re overpaying for both your smartphone and monthly wireless service? OK, try this on for size. Imagine if electricity companies also sold toasters. Maybe they’d offer that toaster at a "discount" in exchange for your agreeing to a long-term contract for electricity service. The toaster manufacturers would get in on this too, since the high prices would mean higher profit margins. That’s basically how the smartphone market works. Carriers offer "subsidies" on expensive devices in exchange for consumers signing on to one or two-year contracts. Subscribers believe they’re getting a deal because the phone is cheaper upfront, but carriers charge higher monthly service prices to make up for the subsidies. Manufacturers, meanwhile, rake in hefty profits. It’s why you can buy a brand-new 4K television – sold on the open market at third-party retailers – for less than a new iPhone. Television manufacturers, as a result, typically make profit margins of about 10 or 15 per cent. Apple, which sets the bar for smartphone prices, has had its iPhone margin estimated at a comparatively astronomical 69 per cent. That’s one expensive and immensely profitable toaster. But this run for carriers and manufacturers is coming to an end now that just about everyone who wants a smartphone has one. And those who have them are hanging on to them for longer. Device shipments grew by only 10 per cent last year, a major slowdown from 28 per cent the year before, according to Kleiner Perkins venture capitalist Mary Meeker’s often-cited annual Internet Trends Report. The further trend points nowhere but down. The wireless industry is having to regroup and retool for this new reality. Enter eSims, or embedded Subscriber Identity Modules, set to start replacing regular Sim cards next year. Both chips house the information needed for a phone to connect to a wireless network. But embedded Sims, as their name implies, are not removable. A carrier’s network identification information is simply downloaded and written on to them. The benefits are obvious. Customers will no longer have to go into a carrier’s shop to pick up a new Sim card or wait for it to arrive in the mail. They’ll simply open an app, see which networks are available and at what prices and instantly subscribe. With the ability to easily switch carriers, competition and lower prices are sure to follow. That is bad news for wireless operators. As a recent Morgan Stanley report put it: "The shift puts three profit streams at risk: handset sales, roaming fees and earnings from price-conscious consumers who, under the new model, are more likely to price shop." Manufacturers are already gearing up for this new reality. Apple has been offering its own version of the eSim, the Apple Sim, in some iPad models for a while now. Industry watchers were expecting Apple Sims in this year’s iPhone, but now believe the company is saving them for the device’s big 10th anniversary next year. Along with the iPhone Upgrade Programme – a leasing system in the US, UK and China that lets customers rent new devices every year – the company is shifting away from the old, carrier-centric model of selling phones. As Morgan Stanley said, clever manufacturers such as Apple will be able to benefit from the new paradigm by further cutting wireless operators out of the process. "It also makes it possible to build closer relationships with consumers, which could ultimately shorten upgrade cycles," wrote Katy Huberty, a tech hardware and services analyst. Carriers don’t necessarily have to lose out either, since they also have the opportunity to expand their businesses. Embedded Sims are already starting to pop up in cars, such as Audi’s A4 and Q7, giving passengers the ability to buy data for in-vehicle use. This week at the Gitex tech show in Dubai, Etisalat and the London-based eSim maker QuarkSe are demonstrating an electric car that uses eSim technology. Further, eSims are showing up in wearables such as Samsung’s Gear S2 Classic smartwatch. Progressive carriers will be able to shift to a volume model, where they are selling more data subscriptions for a variety of devices. Greedy and immutable carriers, on the other hand, will instead stick to the old ways of overcharging for phones and services. Any bets on which consumers will choose? Winner of the Week: Google The search company is getting rave reviews for its Pixel smartphone, releasing in five countries today. Reviewers are praising the device, the first designed completely by Google in-house, for its camera and artificially intelligent Personal Assistant. Loser of the Week: Peter Thiel The billionaire and PayPal co-founder doubled down on his support of US presidential candidate Donald Trump with a US$1.25 million campaign donation. That earned him the ire of several fellow Silicon Valley luminaries. Peter Nowak is a veteran technology writer and the author of Humans 3.0: The Upgrading of the Species business@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments Related Trump fills the empty space that tech created ‘Galaxy, order me a pizza’ – Samsung flagship to feature AI assistant Peter Nowak: Up is down, down is up and Microsoft is Apple Review: Sony’s Xperia XZ smartphone is a winner in the selfie stakes More Telecoms Saudi Arabia and Alabbar eye online retail domination with $1bn enterprise MOST VIEWED Business | All Etihad Airways on the lookout for new pilots in Europe Abu Dhabi’s Royal Jet offers VIP alternative to travelling first class Review: Moto Z is a brilliant modular device A380s and Boeing 777s make up Emirates’ entire fleet as it scores a world’s first Head of GE Oil & Gas says oil industry cuts not done yet Dubai’s DWC airport sees passenger traffic soar UAE’s role in the next industrial revolution Saudi Arabia and Alabbar eye online retail domination with $1bn enterprise Korea Line picked to buy collapsed Hanjin Shipping’s Asia-US routes More Most Viewed Hundreds in Dubai turn out for rare supermoon Album review: Hardwired... To Self-Destruct marks more of the same from Metallica American-Iranian political tensions will only escalate Muhammad Surur and the normalisation of extremism Supermoon rises over the UAE and across the Middle East - in pictures Why Netanyahu should fear what the future holds UAE detection stations fully operational after meteor hits Abu Dhabi Andy Murray and Rafael Nadal on course for 2016 Mubadala World Tennis Championship final Iraq’s battle-hardened Golden Division seek their greatest victory in Mosul 2018 Africa World Cup qualifying: Chelsea pair Victor Moses and John Obi Mikel on target for Nigeria More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS India’s currency move will hit property and gold President Trump - What exactly does that mean? Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Leaves of Light to catch the eye at Louvre Abu Dhabi Supermoon starts to light up the sky around the world – in pictures About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News UK News World News Politics Tech and science Opinion RETURN OF THE MAC What time will Apple’s new MacBook Pro be released today? Prices, rumours and specifications The tech giant is set to launch its latest models this month with some hot new features rumoured By GUY BIRCHALL 27th October 2016, 9:42 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments APPLE is planning to launch a selection of brand spanking new MacBook Pros today. Details of the release will be announced in Apple’s keynote event which can be streamed from 6pm in the UK, products are set for a November release according to Mac Rumours. The move had been rumoured since the launch of the tech giant’s latest Sierra software in September. Future Publishing 3 Apple is set to launch new versions of the MacBook Pro later this month It ticks two boxes for making sense since it solves Apples issue of having no computer models with the software already installed on them, as well as providing a raft of new devices just in time for Christmas – following a 19% drop in sales. The California firm has gone a long time without making changes to its Mac models which have remained relatively unaltered for several years, spare the improvement of the screen’s resolution. According to 9to5mac.com the new MacBooks are rumoured to be slimmer and lighter and will feature Touch ID and an OLED touch bar across the top of the keyboard. Apple iPhone 7 & 7s to be connected over new 'lightening' system Getty Images 3 Rumours of a launch have been confirmed with the date set for October 27 The OLED bar is thought to be being introduced as a replacement for the function row, thereby getting rid of all the "F" keys. This bar will change depending on which app is open and allow the user to operate it without having to hit the command or shift keys to access different features. Sierra already allows for Macs to use Siri and makes it possible to copy and paste between iOS devices such as iPhones and MacOS MacBooks. But controversy is also surrounding the launch amid rumours that they are planning to ditch the USB port in the same way the headphone jack was ditched from the iPhone 7. According to Macotakara, the tech giant is planning on launching its new MacBook Pro later this month, but without the inclusion of a USB port. This has already happened on the 12" MacBook, which currently has the grand total of zero USB ports, meaning users are no longer capable of connecting many forms of keyboard, mouse, or other external hardware. Apple open refurbished flagship store in Regent Street in London APPLE 3 If you want to connect your laptop to a USB you will have to use a £15 adapter If you want to connect your laptop to a traditional USB, you will need to buy a £15 adapter from Apple. While this has only been rumoured, many consumers have already taken to Twitter to air their disappointment at the possible removal of such an integral port. I have a feeling I'm gonna be mad at the upcoming MacBook Pro 🙄 Like can you not take away all the USB ports???? @Apple — CoolD6246 (@MeJill) October 18, 2016 Rumour says Apple will remove USB 3.0 from Macs. Frankly I’m surprised they’ve let that massive space bar live as long as they have. — Nate Lanxon (@NateLanxon) October 18, 2016 If Apple does remove its USB port it will act as a way of ensuring consumers become leashed to Apple-branded products. On the plus side, it is also believed that Apple is set to include a 'Dynamic Function Row' which replaces the top row of keys with an OLED touchscreen. The usage of the function row will be determined depending on the software you're using, meaning there could be the chance to create shortcuts for software functions at the press of a button. READ MORE: Apple employs tech guru from university that taught computers to ‘defeat humans’ Apple open refurbished flagship store designed to “feel like a town square” in Regent Street Apple’s next gadget will ditch a VERY familiar feature We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368   Topics Apple Apple Rumours Explainers California USA Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News MOTHER FROM HELL Probe launched after mum is filmed brutally punching and slapping baby ‘because tot wouldn't stop crying’ News Video RANDY REVELLERS Shocking moment two clubbers were filmed having sex on sofa in Cardiff nightclub News Exclusive jackpot brute jailed Lottery winner throttled his wife and beat a child after claiming winning £70,000 would make 2016… News LIZARD MAN DEAD Tattooed biker gang enforcer known as 'Lizard Man' and ex-girlfriend found dead in apartment News BAG BABY Mum who abandoned baby on freezing doorstep in Tesco carrier bag is caught six years on by DNA evidence News 'don't be afraid' Trump says women might have to travel to other states for abortions, promises to deport 3m immigrants and… News BULlied to death Schoolboy, 15, found hanged after bullies used fake Jimmy Savile Facebook page to make sick rape threats to… News BLOTTO WINNER Lotto millionaire flashes the £4,500 boobs she bought with her jackpot yet again... this time at her… News Exclusive TRAM 'TEXT' HORROR Croydon tram crash driver was 'texting' as vehicle sped round corner 'significantly' above the permitted… News WINTER STORM ALERT Britain to be battered by gales, snow and -11C freeze this week as Arctic blast ushers in winter News Latest TRIUMPHANT TRUMP Donald Trump becomes President of the United States after bitter fight for the White House News HE'S JUST BIG BONED! North Korea warns Chinese officials to 'stop calling glorious leader Kim Jong-un fat' News Graphic Warning 'GO ON, KILL HER!' Shocking moment schoolgirl bully kicks girl in the HEAD during sickening attack as other pupils laugh and… News Most Popular THE STATE ESCAPE Renegade states plan to pull off their own Brexit and ditch the US for Canada after Trump election victory News Video HONEY'S FIX RAP Honey G reveals she's got a track lined up for next week's X Factor... moments after learning theme TV & Showbiz back on Nick Knowles moves back in with estranged wife Jessica Moor TV & Showbiz Video Tough times Strictly Come Dancing's Danny Mac hints at personal heartache despite topping leader board TV & Showbiz Exclusive EXPLOSIVE EXIT Chloe Ferry axed from Geordie Shore after ‘kicking new girl in the HEAD’ over on-off lover Marty TV & Showbiz ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News NUMBER'S UP Eastenders makes a MAJOR blunder as two characters have something very strange in common TV & Showbiz Exclusive EMILY'S OUT ON STREET Corrie legend Eileen Derbyshire leaves soap after 55yrs - ending reign as its longest serving actress TV & Showbiz Video A crying shame Holly and Phil tear up over desperate mother whose son has threatened to kill himself over bullying TV & Showbiz 'WHy are you even on the show?' Xtra Factor viewer angers Nicole Scherzinger by trolling Ryan Lawrie live on air TV & Showbiz 'WHAT'S HAPPENED TO HER?' I’m A Celebrity fans left stunned by Carol Vorderman’s fresh faced look TV & Showbiz devastating family secret I'm A Celebrity star Larry Lamb's secret agony over daughter he hasn't seen in 46 years TV & Showbiz Right Mess Lionel Messi 'rejects new contract with Barca after worries over tax fraud legal issues' Football It's back! Michelle Keegan's wedding ring returns as she wows in strapless dress alongside handsome husband Mark Wright TV & Showbiz Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Breaking News Day at a glance Weather Horoscopes Ireland Business World Showbiz #Discover Sport Tech Jobs Property Login Trump presidency Children's Hospital Oscar Pistorius Public-sector pay Syria Reports claim Apple is set to host a Mac event on October 27 PreviousNext 19/10/2016 - 14:01:12Back to Business Home Rumours that Apple might unveil some new Macs before the year is out have been growing steadily, now that hope among fans might have been answered with several reports in the US confirming an event is coming on October 27. Apple is yet to send out invites or officially confirm the event is taking place, but several sources in the US are now convinced it is happening. Tech site Recode claims to have had confirmation from sources that a live event will take place at Apple’s Cupertino campus next Thursday, with the MacBook Pro said to be among the products being refreshed. (Jeff Chiu/AP) The Pro is Apple’s most powerful laptop, and rumours suggest a new version could come with a row of customisable touchscreen keys as a thin OLED screen, placed beneath the display and at the top of the keyboard. The new touchscreen is said to replace the traditional functions keys that currently sit there. Dear Wallet, new Mac Pro, mac mini, MacBook Air x 2, MacBook Pro x2, iMac x 2….can you handle that?— Michael Kukielka (@DetroitBORG) October 18, 2016 Though there have been some other updates, the refresh would be the first new MacBook Pro in four years. (Paul Sakuma/AP) It’s also expected that the new Pro would follow the lead of the mid-range MacBook and support the USB-C connection. There have also been suggestions the MacBook and MacBook Air will also get some updates, while we could also see a new iMac, giving a desktop computer option just in time for Christmas. KEYWORDS: Apple, Computing, Mac, MacBook Air, MacBook Pro   send us stuff PreviousNext Join the conversation - comment here House Rules for comments - FAQ - Important message for commenters Download our app Landmark Digital Ltd, Company Number 523737, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. T23 RCH6 +353 21 4802214 desk@breakingnews.ie News Ireland World Business Tech Weather News Archives Showbiz News Lotto Horoscopes #Discover Main Topics Authors Competitions RSS Sport News Soccer GAA Rugby Other Sports Other Contact Us Send us Stuff Using the Site Licence Our Content Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy © BreakingNews.ie 2016. Subscribe To News Alerts Subscribe Menu Show/Hide Left Push Menu Home Ireland #Discover Showbiz Sport World Weather Business Tech Horoscopes Lotto Other Contact Us Using the Site Licence Our Content Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple WSJ: Apple will bring E Ink keyboards to its 2018 MacBooks Jacob Siegal BGR NewsOctober 19, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Just hours after rumors began to spread that Apple would hold a MacBook launch event at the end of October, an even more exciting report was published. According to The Wall Street Journal's sources, Apple is planning to ditch the standard QWERTY keyboard in favor of a customizable E Ink keyboard in 2018. DON'T MISS: Things just keep getting worse for Samsung We originally reported on this futuristic keyboard last week, when an anonymous Reddit user claimed to have knowledge of a next-generation Magic Keyboard. The user also said that Apple was going to work with Sonder, a Foxconn-backed Australian startup, in order to build the keyboard, which was later backed up by a report in which the startup confirmed it had been in talks with Apple. People familiar with the plans tell the WSJ that Tim Cook met up with the heads of Foxconn and Sonder on October 11th in China in order to discuss the keyboard, although all three companies declined to comment when approached. WSJ's report corroborates many of the previous claims, stating that the E Ink keyboard will come standard on MacBooks in the future, that they will be able to display any keyboard and that they will debut sometime in 2018. Not only will the E Ink keyboards allow international and multilingual users to easily switch from one language to another, but they will also make it easier to include emojis in messages and execute special commands on the fly. If you can't wait that long for a customizable keyboard, Sonder is planning to launch its own standalone keyboard before the end of the year for $199. Trending right now: Things just keep getting worse for Samsung Camera shootout pits Google’s Pixel against the iPhone 7 and Galaxy S7 edge Everything you can do in the new ‘Pokemon Sun and Moon’ demo See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next How Good Are the Walmart Black Friday TV Deals? Consumer Reports iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps AFP New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Donald Trump is already proving he has no idea what he is in for Quartz This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech All the Photoshops of this photo of Donald Trump and Barack Obama are perfect BGR News The obvious problem with Apple’s new self-driving car plan Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
null
null
null

Carscoops An automotive webzine with daily updates on new and future vehicles, motor shows, the tuning industry, classic cars and more About Contact RSS Compact View Social Media Home New Cars Spied Concepts Future Cars Video Games Offbeat Brands Tuning Reviews LA Auto Show Porsche 911 GT3 RS Gets Le Mans-Inspired 'Apple Computer' Wrap | By Brad Anderson | ShareRedditPinTweetPlus A Viper Green Porsche 911 GT3 RS from Australia has received an extensive makeover turning it into a rolling tribute to the iconic Porsche 935 K3 race car sponsored by Apple Computers. In the 1980's, the Apple Computer-themed 935 turned heads wherever it went and this 911 GT3 RS has been adorned in a wrap with an almost identical design. To give it a unique look, the finish makes the sports car look like its been racing for years, with fake scratches and signs of wear and tear. On the sides, the wrap includes the same blue, purple, red, orange, yellow and green lines as the Apple 935 and even has mismatching colored wheels painted yellow, red and blue. The project comes thanks to dnstint and is so comprehensive even the RS's key fob has been wrapped in a matching design. Images via Epic Images Photography and Slipr35 PHOTO GALLERY Filed underAustraliaLe MansPorschePorsche 911Porsche 911 GT3 RSTuning ShareRedditPinTweetPlus You may also like: ❬❬ Prev Next ❭❭ Home Jeep Fans Imagine The 2018 Wrangler Porsche Teases 911 RSR Ahead Of LA FUTURE CARS: 2018 TOYOTA CAMRY Most Popular Sung Kang's Ford Maverick 'Project Underdog' Wins At SEMA Actor Sung Kang has revealed his custom Ford Maverick 'Project Underdog' built alongside three students from Alhambra High School ... https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-wmIT2-Rix6M/WBlkM-Wx2lI/AAAAAAAAZdk/F-dsD9VXUec73zvlbmbeVzLmoE9tIpJUgCLcB/s72-c/Shell-8036a.jpg Adult Movie Star Owns A Wide-Body, 750 HP Nissan GT-R The 25-year old blonde that drives and owns this Nissan GT-R is Mareike Fox, an adult movie actress with a passion for fast cars . https://3.bp.blogspot.com/-a5wEBXtaCB4/WAdsGbpf0zI/AAAAAAAAqek/TMyLByMejFksXpgqulxOlVkr1cYVjJmiwCLcB/s72-c/nissan-gt-r-prior-design-mareike-fox.jpg $90,000 FireBall Camaro With 990HP Ready To Challenge Hellcats The maker of the FireBall Camaro almost describes this build as the ultimate Hellcat and Roush ‘Stang hunter. We think it has something to ... https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-s56eU4CBnpw/WBtVwZEuAVI/AAAAAAAAhZc/rKIakvN5LE8QTQ5STenzFY9DExcUX3DbgCLcB/s72-c/Camaro-Fireball.jpg Future Cars: 2018 Toyota Camry Looks…Desirable? Nothing says A-to-B transport more than Toyota’s Camry ; dependable, comfortable and utterly anonymous. Is it bad? Well no, as the 429,000 ... https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-V6q60m_Ryoc/WCaLNp131II/AAAAAAASRms/H_EUMIiAv9wtuQWtnvUqnD1PxvLqCk9pwCLcB/s72-c/2018-Toyota-Camry-CarScoops2.jpg Ford Unhappy With Mustang GTT Creators, Considers Legal Action The Californian fabricators from 'Zero to 60 Design' have made no secret of the fact that their Mustang-based GTT on display at SE... https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-8oARAof9YBs/WCD4MGK82RI/AAAAAAASRcs/vAIsRq90L-UaVa7PgunSSqjb148FmarmQCLcB/s72-c/Ford-Mustang-GTT-155.jpg Send a Tip Have an interesting story? Send us a tip! MORE... Automakers Gadgets Motor Shows Motorcycles Nürburgring Webcams Tuning Trending Future Cars: 2018 Toyota Camry Looks…Desirable? Nothing says A-to-B transport more than Toyota’s Camry ; dependable, comfortable and utterly anonymous. Is it bad? Well no, as the 429,000 ... https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-V6q60m_Ryoc/WCaLNp131II/AAAAAAASRms/H_EUMIiAv9wtuQWtnvUqnD1PxvLqCk9pwCLcB/s72-c/2018-Toyota-Camry-CarScoops2.jpg 2018 Jeep Wrangler Looks Ready To Rock In Latest Renderings The launch of the 2018 Jeep Wrangler is approaching, and when the new model debuts, it will bring with it a refreshed design and a selectio... https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-RRKqDEPuM6o/WCFD3cD0F7I/AAAAAAAAZ9w/C4OV2TgABewWePbQmQE2h80ruv38MgZEgCLcB/s72-c/2018-Wrangler-pickup-JLwranglerforums-1a.jpg 2016 LA Auto Show: Your A-To-Z Guide To All The Debuts The annual Los Angeles Auto Show is almost upon us promising to offer up more than 50 new production and concept models, while also servin... https://3.bp.blogspot.com/-ONqo5QFMmw4/WCaPfskRq0I/AAAAAAASRm4/7ggmJz-cI_oQyAsQGVTR46Q9RpbKL7NNwCLcB/s72-c/2016-LA-CSP.jpg 2017 Volkswagen Golf Shows Tweaked Design In Leaked Photos Just before the facelifted Volkswagen Golf is unveiled in the coming hours, a number of images of the new model have leaked online, showin... https://3.bp.blogspot.com/-dOrheDCQ-IU/WCOypw66LVI/AAAAAAAAaRI/Zzbq-tj-WEMLcScFWn0ukibU2pdg2F83wCLcB/s72-c/Untitled-1a.jpg Ford Details 2017 Fusion's Mobile Device-Friendly Philosophy With American consumers now owning multiple mobile devices, Ford thought to increase storage in the 2017 Fusion by a significant 59% over ... https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-kUWKb5jMFrs/WAYxS_I3c8I/AAAAAAAAzBs/4plVst61h_oOZNoFQ6OEQYaknxOHavuCwCLcB/s72-c/ford-fusion-mobile-friendly-interior-7.jpg About Us | Contact | Work | Privacy Policy © 2016 Carscoop & Carscoops. All Rights Reserved
Master Herald Sports Technology TV Social Cars Politics Middle East Pulse Menu Sports Technology TV Social Cars Politics Middle East Pulse Apple iPhone 7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Lose to the Google Pixel When it Comes to Smartphone Camera! Posted By: Arash FekriPosted date: October 20, 2016In: Technology Page 1 of 212» The Samsung Galaxy S7, just like its predecessor, the Galaxy S6, has a great camera. Having a good camera, though not as great as the ones found in Samsung’s flagship smartphone lineup, has always been the hallmark of the Apple iPhones. While the Samsung flagship smartphones are known for their sharp and high-resolution smartphone cameras and photos, the iPhones of Apple, including its latest, the iPhone 7, offer a flatter, more true-to-life images, and is really good for editing. But the two best flagship smartphones of today are actually beaten when it comes to smartphone camera by the Google Pixel, the latest flagship smartphone of the American technological and software company. It has been noted that for the better part of the last decade, one of the biggest demands from people in the market for a premium smartphone was a great camera. However, these days, a good smartphone camera is no longer the deciding factor that it once was. Because the feature is now so common among high-end and even mid-range smartphones, notes The Verge. In comparing the smartphone cameras of the Apple iPhone 7, the Samsung Galaxy S7, and the Google Pixel, it is the latter which may have won the race, but both Samsung and Apple made it a photo finish, indicating of a close fight. The best smartphone one can buy Incidentally, the companion phone of the Apple iPhone 7 when it was launched on September 7 is the Apple iPhone 7 Plus, which is being regarded by many critics as the best smartphone today that money can buy, reports The Indian Express. Compared to the iPhone 7, the iPhone 7 Plus offers a much better camera with dual lens combo, clearly the USP of the phone. It also brings in a new glossy jet black variant which has already become very popular, despite its tendency to attract scratches as well as fingerprints. The phone does not have a 3.5mm jack for audio, and the space has been used to add a Taptic Engine inside and an extra speaker outside, which makes it one of the loudest and best sounding smartphones today. During the testing phase, the Apple iPhone 7 felt more like an incremental update over the iPhone 6S because it didn’t have the one feature that was spectacular. iPhone 7 Plus has no such issues. The dual lens combo at the rear uses some smart software to give users amazing images. And the f1.8 aperture makes the smartphone one of the best performing smartphone cameras in low light. Strong demand in India The Apple iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus have officially hit the smartphone retail markets in India on October 7, one month after the Cupertino-based tech company launched its latest flagship handsets. On September 23, or two weeks before its official rollout date in India, pre-orders for the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus have been made available on Flipkart, one of the official online retailer for Apple’s latest iPhones. Flipkart has created a separate landing page on its website for the Apple iPhone 7 and users can ask to be notified when the phone is up for pre-order. The online retailer will charge the full payment for the pre-booking of the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus and not a token amount. As far as changes to the iPhone 7 from the iPhone 6S are concerned, the latest iPhone comes with a black color option which also comes in two finishes – jet black and matte black. The iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus also come with a redesigned home button with tactile feedback, which takes some time getting used to. The new iPhones have also done away with the 3.5-mm headphone jack slot and now relies on Lightning powered EarPods. But in order to cushion the loss of the 3.5mm headphone jack slot, Apple is making available an adapter in the box as well so it would allow the user to charge the device and listen to music at the same time. Page 1 of 212» Like 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Share 0 Related Articles Gears of War 4 Performs Great on the Market, Anniversary DLC Coming, Game to Possibly Run on Project Scorpio, And More November 14, 2016 Left 4 Dead 3 Rumors Start Up Again, Are Valve Preparing Something behind the Scenes? Let’s See! November 14, 2016 Final Fantasy 7 Remake Seen as Controversial in Community, Will the Game Fracture the Franchise’s Fan Base? Let’s See! November 14, 2016 Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Pages About Master Herald Ads Contact Us Staff Categories Cars Middle East Pulse Politics Social Sports Technology TV About Us Address: Al-Mashroot Akhbar Company, 75 Al Iskan Street, P.O. Box 5230, Post Code 115, Muscat, Sultanate of Oman Email: Info [at] MasterHerald.com
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple supplier Laird warns of sharply lower profit; shares plunge By Reuters Published: 08:47 EST, 19 October 2016 | Updated: 08:47 EST, 19 October 2016 e-mail Oct 19 (Reuters) - Apple Inc supplier Laird Plc said it expected to post a sharply lower profit for the year, citing a slowdown in smartphone sales and "unprecedented" pricing pressure, sending its shares down by as much as 50 percent. The selloff, marking the worst single-day drop for the stock, wiped out more than 420 million pounds from Laird's market capitalization. The profit warning raises doubts about a recovery in the company's biggest business - the performance materials division, which makes parts for the iPhone and other smartphones. Smartphone sales growth has been slowing since a historic jump in 2010 as people are changing mobile phones less frequently in most developed markets. That has prompted smartphone makers to push for lower prices from suppliers - delivering a blow to suppliers' margins. Technology research firm Gartner said in a report in June that smartphone sales would grow only 7 percent in 2016, a rate that is half of that in the previous year. (http://gtnr.it/2dzG30Z) Laird, which makes chips used in Bluetooth devices, said on Wednesday that the improvement it had expected in its performance materials unit would be delayed. Contracts with mobile device makers make up for about a third of the unit's revenue. Analysts have speculated that Apple could have accounted for about 17 percent of the company's total 2015 revenue. Apple's iPhone 7, which went on sale last month, received a subdued welcome. Overall iPhone sales fell 15 percent in the third quarter, the second consecutive quarterly fall for its flagship product. Laird said it expected full-year underlying pretax profit to be about 50 million pounds ($61 million), well below the average analyst estimate of 75.5 million pounds, according to a company-compiled consensus. The company also said revenue in the performance materials unit fell 5 percent on a constant currency basis in the third quarter ended Sept. 30. Laird, which is on Apple's official list of suppliers, had not previously given any guidance for the full year. The company also said it would take measures to reduce costs and manage cash at its performance materials unit. In August, Laird lost its top boss to British aerospace and defence company Cobham Plc and appointed CFO Tony Quinlan as chief executive on Sept. 5. ($1 = 0.8149 pounds) (Reporting by Pranav Kiran in Bengaluru; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri and Saumyadeb Chakrabarty) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore From refurbished iPads to a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any fewer smiles!) SPONSORED Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her and her 'floordrobe' too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario Celebrity cover up! From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass exposes her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she leads the red carpet glamour at School of Rock press night She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, arrested for molesting a girl under the age of 10 in Georgia The arrest took place on October 14 in Georgia Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight EXCLUSIVE: 'I didn't want to leave the house': Frankie Essex says fitness helped her combat depression... as she reveals remarkable weight loss in a bikini 'Who is voting for her?' Honey G faces fresh backlash as talented act Sam Lavery leaves and farcical X Factor rapper isn't even in bottom two Could she win? Wild thing! Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in a barely-there leopard print bikini as she jets off to Malta Series of sizzling snaps Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Over already? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Larry Lamb for Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Let the sunshine! Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Awards Now James Corden turns his talents to Christmas ads! Sainsbury's enters the fray with an animated commercial featuring singing from the star In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie SPOILER ALERT: 'She's not mine!': Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about 'daughter' on The Walking Dead More trouble ahead Shameless actor Jody Latham is accused of 'terrorising' a former Apprentice star in feud over his ex-fiancee  Appeared at Manchester Magistrates' Court PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Alexander McQueen's London penthouse hits the market for £8.5 million (complete with bespoke chandeliers, a dining terrace and walk-in dressing rooms)  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Black was back at glitzy event 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes On/off friendship  Happiest place! Singer Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Happy every after  Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Filming the crime comedy in Atlanta A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn footballer ex Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Always looks sensational  'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Wild thing She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star paired her unique dress  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends ACLU dinner in LA The 28-year-old looked gorgeous as ever She's a real page turner! Actress Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in Los Angeles Looked simply chic SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Melbourne Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Nicole Kidman reunites with her To Die For director Gus Van Sant and co-star Casey Affleck for Variety taping Cult black comedy Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival She's ripped! Kelly Bensimon wears torn blue jeans while out with daughter Thadeus in New York City Stepped out in New York over the weekend Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY 'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Latest addition Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is the daughter of Aerosmtih's Steven Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Glam evening Pamela Anderson cuts a chic figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Family united  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Awkward! GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles Flashed a hint of her abs as she headed out Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Accessories/Mobile/Gallery AccessoriesMobile Don’t buy Apple chargers on Amazon… they’re probably fake (Update) By Todd Haselton | October 19, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Even if you think you’re buying a genuine Apple charger on Amazon, chances are you aren’t. According to a recent lawsuit filed by Apple against a company named “Mobile Star,” nearly 90 percent of all Apple chargers on Amazon are fakes. “Over the last nine months, Apple, as part of its ongoing brand protection efforts, has purchased well over 100 iPhone devices, Apple power products, and Lightning cables sold as genuine by sellers on Amazon.com and delivered through Amazon’s “Fulfillment by Amazon” program,” Apple said in the suit, which was discovered by PatentlyApple. “Apple’s internal examination and testing for these products revealed almost 90% of these products are counterfeit.” Counterfeit Apple chargers on Amazon are dangerous This is dangerous stuff. First, when we cover news of device fires caused by overheating, it’s most often a result of someone using a faulty third-party charger. We recommend folks buy direct from the manufacturer to avoid those sorts of dangers. In this case, folks probably think they’re buying legitimate Apple products from Amazon when they might be buying something potentially dangerous. Apple points this out specifically in the lawsuit: Counterfeit power products, such as those supplied by Mobile Star, pose an immediate threat to consumer safety because, unlike genuine Apple products, they are not subjected to industry-standard consumer safety testing and are poorly constructed with inferior or missing components, flawed design, and inadequate electrical insulation. These counterfeits have the potential to overheat, catch fire, and deliver a deadly electric shock to consumers while in normal use. The best bet is to travel to a retailer, like Best Buy, Target, Walmart or an Apple Store, anywhere that sells actual Apple products, and make sure you’re getting your charger right from the source. Update: Here’s Amazon’s statement: “Amazon has zero tolerance for the sale of counterfeits on our site.  We work closely with manufacturers and brands, and pursue wrongdoers aggressively.” Source Patently Apple Via 9to5Mac Topics #Apple #Apple Todd Haselton Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use

null
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 14, 7:23 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Tech Deals: MacBook Pro 15.4” And MacBook Air 13.3” Discounts (Up To $150) By Mike Luces On 10/19/16 AT 8:19 AM Close If you are planning to buy a new MacBook for school or work, it’s important that you make a sound decision for your purchase. MacBooks are typically expensive, so it’s always good if you can save some cash while buying one from a legit seller. Today, shoppers can snap up a new MacBook Pro or a new MacBook Air and save at most $150. A 15-inch MacBook Pro with Retina Display usually costs $2,499. On the other hand, a 13-inch MacBook Air usually sells for $999.99. With today’s tech deals, you are sure to avail discounts that will spare you some cash. MacBook Pro Photo: MacMall 15.4” MacBook Pro with Retina Display, Quad-core Intel Core i7 2.5GHz Processor, 16GB RAM and 512GB Flash Storage Related Stories Why Spotify Is Not Releasing App For Apple TV Is Apple Launching Refresh Of Entire Mac Line Next Week? Jobs Lost At Apple’s Project Titan Regular Price: $2,499 Discount: $100 Sale Price: $2,399 Freebies: None Why you need to buy: This 15-inch MacBook Pro has Retina display and Core i7 processor. Plus, you get 512GB of memory space out of this deal. It has Intel Iris Pro Graphics and AMD Radeon R9 M370X with 2GB GDDR5 memory. It is equipped with a Force Touch trackpad and a 99.5-watt-hour lithium-polymer battery that can last up to 9 hours. Also, since stocks are available today, shipment is made within the same day. Thus, you can expect your new MacBook Pro this Thursday. Buy here! 13.3” MacBook Pro with Retina Display, Dual-core Intel Core i5 2.5GHz Processor, 8GB RAM, 256GB Flash Storage Regular Price: $1,499 Discount: $50 Sale Price: $1,449 Freebies: None Why you need to buy: This early 2015 model of the 13-inch MacBook Pro comes with Retina display and a Force Touch trackpad. It has 256GB of memory space and has two Thunderbolt 2 ports. It houses a 74.9-watt-hour lithium-polymer battery that lasts up to 10 hours. It is also available for shipping today, so you can expect your brand new laptop tomorrow. Buy here! MacBook Air Photo: Best Buy 13.3” MacBook Air, Intel Core i5 Processor, 8GB RAM and 256GB Flash Storage Regular Price: $1,199.99 Discount: $150 Sale Price: $1,049.99 Freebies: Kaspersky Internet Security Why you need to buy: This 13-inc MacBook Air is the latest model and sports an Intel Core i5 processor and 256GB of storage space. It has a Multi-Touch trackpad and a Thunderbolt 2 port. It is light and durable and has a battery that is said to last for up to 12 hours. This item also ships in 1 business day. Buy here! 13.3” MacBook Air, Intel Core i5 Processor, 8GB RAM and 128GB Flash Storage Regular Price: $999.99 Discount: $150 Sale Price: $849.99 Freebies: Kaspersky Internet Security Why you need to buy: This thin and light 13-inch MacBook Air is also the latest model there is on the market. It comes equipped with an Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB RAM and 128GB of storage space. Its battery is said to last for up to 12 hours. Finally, this item ships in 1 business day as well. Buy here! Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business The Amazon Deals To Shop Now Amazon is already offering deals on everything for Black Friday, from electronics to clothes. These are the deals to shop now leading up to its Cyber Monday and Black Friday sales. Technology OnePlus 4 Rumor Claims Snapdragon 830/835, 6GB/8GB RAM Models The OnePlus 4 is said to come with a 5.3-inch 2K display, a 4,000 mAh battery and dual cameras. World Israeli Leader Says It's Time To Reset Palestinian Peace Process Naftali Bennet is urging the Israeli government to "seize the opportunity" presented by the election of Donald Trump in the U.S. to abandon the two-state solution as part of the Palestinian peace process. National Chicago, LA Officials To Oppose Increased Deportations Mental health officials say the threat of deportation has produced despair among young people who were brought here illegally as children by their parents and now face ejection. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 19 AAPL: 117.12 -0.35 More than 90% of ‘genuine’ Apple chargers & cables sold on Amazon are fake, says Apple Ben Lovejoy - 4 weeks ago @benlovejoy Amazon chargers View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Updated with Amazon statement, below There’s no shortage of third-party chargers and cables sold for Apple equipment, some of them claiming to be the genuine article, but Apple has found that even Amazon has been selling counterfeit products labelled as the real thing. The products concerned were sold by Amazon directly, and not by a third-party Marketplace seller. The items have now been removed from sale, and Apple is suing the company that made them … Patently Apple reports that Apple has filed a trademark infringement case against Mobile Star LLC, which Amazon named as the primary supplier of the counterfeit products. Apple said that Mobile Star was not only illegally using its trademark, but that the fake chargers had not passed safety tests and posed a risk to consumers. Apple recently purchased a number of Apple power adapters and charging and syncing cables (collectively “power products”) that were directly sold by Amazon.com – not a third party seller – and determined that they were counterfeit. Amazon.com informed Apple that Mobile Star was its source for the majority of these counterfeit Apple products […] Counterfeit power products, such as those supplied by Mobile Star, pose an immediate threat to consumer safety because, unlike genuine Apple products, they are not subjected to industry-standard consumer safety testing and are poorly constructed with inferior or missing components, flawed design, and inadequate electrical insulation. These counterfeits have the potential to overheat, catch fire, and deliver a deadly electric shock to consumers while in normal use. The situation, says Apple, is even worse where third-party sellers are concerned. While the ‘Fulfillment by Amazon’ tag gives buyers confidence that purchased products will be delivered, it gives no assurance that the items are genuine. Indeed, the lawsuit alleges, the vast majority of them are not. Over the last nine months, Apple, as part of its ongoing brand protection efforts, has purchased well over 100 iPhone devices, Apple power products, and Lightning cables sold as genuine by sellers on Amazon.com and delivered through Amazon’s “Fulfillment by Amazon” program. Apple’s internal examination and testing for these products revealed almost 90% of these products are counterfeit. Apple argues that its own reputation is damaged when consumers buy what they believe to be genuine products which then fail to perform as they should, or which prove to be dangerous. The company is seeking an injunction against Mobile Star selling fake products, destruction of all counterfeit items and damages of $2M per product type. Amazon responded, stating that the company ‘has zero tolerance for the sale of counterfeits on our site.  We work closely with manufacturers and brands, and pursue wrongdoers aggressively.’ Given the number of fake Apple products available, we always urge caution where the price is significantly lower than the official price. This is especially true in the case of MagSafe power supplies, where any price lower than available from authorized resellers is an immediate warning flag. Guides Amazon View THe Guide chargers View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 19 AAPL: 117.12 -0.35 WSJ: Apple to launch new Mac laptops with E-Ink dynamic keyboards in 2018, contextually display emojis and special characters Benjamin Mayo - 4 weeks ago @bzamayo Mac View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Last week, we reported that Sonder Design was in talks with Apple to license its futuristic keyboard technology, that replaces the normal printed keys with dynamic E-Ink displays. A new article from the WSJ today confirms that Apple does intend to use the technology and is aiming to ship new MacBooks including the special keyboards in 2018, citing anonymous sources. The keys can automatically adjust to show emojis, international characters, special command functions, as well as the standard QWERTY layout. Apple will be making its first steps in this direction next week, when it unveils a new MacBook Pro with OLED function key row at a to-be-announced October 27 media event. However, the E-Ink keyboard for 2018 could represent the most significant user interface changes for Apple’s line of laptops, although it’s still a few years away … The Wall Street Journal says that Apple CEO Tim Cook discussed its plans with Sonder and Foxconn (Apple manufacturer) at a meeting in China on October 11. The new keyboards would make the bottom half of the Mac laptops as dynamic as the screens. Rather than printed labels, each key would display an E-Ink surface that can update … making the keycap labels dynamic, rather than static. The keys would be able to switch between different language alphabets, as well as show things like emojis or add dynamic shortcuts for the current task the user is performing. For multi-lingual users, the benefits of a dynamic keyboard are particularly apparent. The Wall Street Journal says this will become a “standard feature” of MacBooks, which implies it will spread across Apple’s lineup and be featured on the cheaper Airs and more-expensive Pro models. It’s easy to imagine how Apple could make it so that users could choose to replace the ‘boring’ symbol keys with their favorite emoji or quick shortcuts inside apps. For a more serious use case, regular users of Photoshop could make their favorite editing tools available with a single button press, for example. There is already a third-party accessory market for special-purpose keyboard covers today, which simply skin the keys with additional labels. Some of this vision will be revealed in the 2016 MacBook Pro, expected to be unveiled next week. That product will substitute the function key row with an OLED touchscreen that can contextually display different commands and controls. Pictured is a mockup of what that may look like, showing status items like battery strength or Now Playing information on the keyboard itself. The E-Ink technology will enable to bring that kind of dynamism to every single key on the keyboard. One major discrepancy between OLED and E-Ink is that E-Ink has much slower refresh rates, whereas the OLED display will act just like a normal laptop display. It is not unconceivable that a future MacBook could feature E-Ink keys and an OLED function row along the top. 2018 is along way off, so plans could change, but reports from the Wall Street Journal are usually reliable sources regarding Apple product roadmaps. For the time being, MacBook customers will have to be satisfied by whatever Apple has in the wings for October 27th. It seems likely that Apple will announce radically new MacBook Pros with Touch ID, OLED and thinner body and refreshed MacBook Airs with USB-C. There may also be smaller incremental updates to the iMac line. Guides Mac View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
null
