FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Biztech Startup Gaming Auto News Videos most commented Coolpad Cool 1 review: This is the Le 2 in a new body which offers nothing compelling By Kunal Khullar 9   Comments Airtel now offers 1GB daily data and free calls at Rs 345 a month By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Airtel Surprise offer for postpaid users gives 30GB free 4G data via the MyAirtel app By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments Fastrack launches ‘Fastrack Reflex’, a wearable aimed at youth for Rs 1,995 By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Nokia C1 renders and specifications leak: Expect a Snapdragon 830, 4GB RAM and dual-cameras By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #Apple Meizu likely to bring optical fingerprint recognition to its smartphones Apple releases iOS 10.3 update: Expect a cricket-savvy Siri and a brand new filesystem Facebook has added live-location-sharing to Messenger; lets you share location up to 60 minutes Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> After Sitharaman, ministry of electronics and information technology says no to Apple By tech2 News Staff /  24 Mar 2017 , 10:52 #Apple Image: Reuters In another showdown of sorts, it is now the ministry of electronics and information technology (MeitY) that has gone with the revenue department and said that Apple’s demands just cannot be met. MeitY said that Apple’s demands for an import duty exemption for certain components for making iPhones in India will just not work out. As per a report from the Financial Express, Apple is seeking an exemption from phased manufacturing programme (PMP) (one that involves chargers, batteries and headphones for manufacturing of Apple iPhones) to be exempted from basic customs duty and countervailing duty as well. This according to the MeitY will not be feasible. However, it is not all negative responses on the Apple query as to whether smartphone exports are eligible for incentives under the Merchandise Export from India Scheme (MEIS) has seen a favourable response. So far MeitY has asked the commerce ministry to up its support to 5 percent of the FOB value. This currently sits at 2 percent as told to Financial Express. On Wednesday, Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman in the Rajya Sabha announced that the government has not accepted “most of the demands” coming from the US technology giant. According to a latest report in the Wall Street Journal, Apple is all set to start assembling its iPhones via its contract manufacturer Wistron Corp, in the next two months. But according to the Financial Express‘ sources, this set up is only a “pilot project”. Publish date: March 24, 2017 10:52 am| Modified date: March 24, 2017 10:57 am Tags: Apple, Apple India, Apple iPhone, iPhone manufacturing Also read Apple’s plea gets rejected once again; Govt remains firm on its stand Apple to start making iPhones in India, in the next two months: WSJ report X Recommended For You Meizu likely to bring optical fingerprint recognition to its smartphones Apple releases iOS 10.3 update: Expect a cricket-savvy Siri and a brand new filesystem Facebook has added live-location-sharing to Messenger; lets you share location up to 60 minutes Nirmala Sitharaman says that the govt. will look into Apple’s demands after GST rollout Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance #Xiaomi Mar 28, 2017 Xiaomi CEO Lei Jun meets Prime Minister Narendara Modi, assures more job in India #OnePlus Mar 28, 2017 OnePlus 3 and 3T bug allows hackers to hack your smartphone using malicious chargers #Artificial Intelligence Mar 28, 2017 Dubai to begin using artificial intelligence in government sector #Panasonic Mar 28, 2017 Panasonic launches Lumix GH5 mirrorless camera with 4K video in India #OnePlus Mar 28, 2017 OxygenOS 4.1.1 and HydrogenOS Beta 10 rollout begins for OnePlus 3 and 3T SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Oppo F3S Redmi 4A Honor 6X Asus Zenfone 3s Max Moto G5 Plus Nokia 3310 Motorola Moto M Mukesh Ambani says Jio won't be free after March 31, announces Jio Prime Lenovo K6 Power 4GB RAM version to launch on Jan 31 Chinese media speculates Hugo Barra leaving because of Beijing pollution Nokia working on high-end Android phone powered by Snapdragon 835 Home > Technology > Apple officials to discuss duty concession demands with Finance Ministry PTI Last Updated: MAR 24, 2017 New Delhi Email Author Senior executives of iPhone maker Apple on Wednesday held detailed deliberations on their demands related to duty concession with officials of the finance ministry. The meeting assumes significance as the revenue department has rejected the demands of the US-based technology major. According to sources, the duty wish-list was discussed at the meeting, which was attended by key executives of the company. Apple India has sought concessions, including duty exemption on manufacturing and repair units, components, capital equipment. It also sought relaxations for consumables for smartphone manufacturing and service or repair for 15 years as it plans to set up a manufacturing unit in India. These concessions would help the company get component makers to set up units in the country as it cannot source inputs locally. India is gradually becoming a smartphone manufacturing hub, and there is a feeling that giving concession to a particular company could be difficult for the government. In a communication to the government, the Cupertino-based technology major has asked for incentives from the Department of Revenue and Department of Electronics and Information Technology (DeITy). Also Read: Oppo F3 Plus with dual selfie cameras launched in India at Rs 30,990 Apple also wants relaxation in the mandated 30 per cent local sourcing of components. It is also keen on reduction in Customs duties on completely-knocked-down and semi-knocked-down units of devices that are to be assembled in the country. In January, Apple had indicated to the government that it is ready with a blueprint to begin manufacturing iPhones in India, but wants fiscal concessions, including Customs duty waiver on import of components. The company sells its products through Apple-owned retail stores in countries like China, Germany, the US, the UK and France, among others. It has no wholly-owned store in India and sells its products through distributors such as Redington and Ingram Micro. For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Vodafone offers 28GB data and free calls for Rs 346, offer only until March 15 Apple iPhone 6 at Rs 28,999 isn't such a good idea. Because, OnePlus 3T Airtel offers 28GB 4G data, unlimited calls for Rs 345 to counter Jio Prime Airtel changes Infinity plans again? More data, Rs 499 base pack on offer Reviews Moto G5 Plus review: Pure Android, good camera make it best phone under Rs 20,000 Oppo F3 Plus review: Good selfie photos but they come at a price NieR Automata review: There's beauty in catastrophe Xiaomi Mi Mix review: On the edge of tomorrow Acer Aspire ES1-132 laptop review: Handy, cheap and high on storage VIDEOS Xiaomi Mi 6 and Mi 6 Plus specs leaked Jio Prime deadline may extend to April 30 Oppo F3 Plus Quick Review more Tech Tips Miss old status in WhatsApp? Here's how to set it up in new WhatsApp Tech tip: Delete your Facebook account permanently with these easy steps Tech tip: Use this free method to watch region-locked YouTube videos in India OnePlus 3 and Android Nougat: If you can't wait, get it manually in easy steps Tips to take stunning photos using smartphone more Talking Points Rahul SethiOnePlus 3T months after launch: 5 reasons why it still lacks a worthy competitor Shobhit VarmaNo Android Nougat for you and this is a problem Google can't fix Javed AnwerAirtel, Vodafone and Idea need to learn from Jio, stop fooling customers Priya PathakFacebook was a tool earlier, now it's a drug I can't give up Shobhit VarmaNokia's decision to stick with stock Android is a stroke of genius more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
msn back to msn home news web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines India Science & Tech Crime World Offbeat Photos Video President Trump Yogi in Power Specials Local My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health Food Travel Autos Video News Sections India World Science & Tech Photos My Topics Local Now, MeitY shoots down Apple's demand for duty waivers to make iPhones in India The Financial Express Banikinkar Pattanayak 4 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL North Korea tests rocket engine ‘Trump backs H-1B visa reforms bill’ The ministry of electronics and information technology (MeitY) has endorsed the revenue department stance that Apple?s demand for an import duty exemption for certain components for making iPhones in India can?t be met. In its comments on US technology giant?s wish-list, the ministry said: ?Apple is seeking an exemption from phased manufacturing programme (PMP) ? that is, chargers, batteries and headphones for manufacture of Apple phones ? be exempted from basic customs duty and countervailing duty (CVD), which may not be feasible.? However, on Apple?s query as to whether smartphone exports are eligible for incentives under the Merchandise Export from India Scheme (MEIS), MeitY has taken a favourable view. While smartphones are covered for benefits under MEIS, MeitY has suggested to the commerce ministry to increase the support to 5% of the FOB value from the existing 2%, official sources said. Commerce and industry minister Nirmala Sitharaman on Wednesday said in the Rajya Sabha that that government has not accepted ?most of the demands? of iPhone maker Apple. © image Although the Karnataka government last month announced that Apple would set up a manufacturing unit near Bengaluru, sources had earlier told FE that the iPhone maker plans to set up only a ?pilot project? there (to produce around 3-5 lakh phones), and the extent of manufacturing in India hinges on the kind of concessions the central government is willing to offer to the tech giant. The Prime Minister's Office is now expected to take the final call on Apples' wish-list. In a bid to raise value-addition by foreign mobile handset makers under in India under the PMP, the government ? while keeping a 1% excise duty on domestic manufacturing (assembling) ? had levied a 12.5% CVD on chargers, batteries and headphones. MeitY had earlier wanted this relaxation to be extended to five more sub-assemblies of mobile phone handsets in the Budget for 2017-18, which was, however, not accepted by the department of revenue, according to sources. Also, while MeitY had recommended exempting all capital goods for the manufacture of mobile phones from the BCD and the CVD ? a key demand of Apple ? the revenue department didn?t approve it, so the Budget for 2017-18, too, was silent on the issue, said the sources. Moreover, Apple?s request for including new and used capital equipment and spare parts within the scope of the modified special incentive package scheme (M-SIPS), a brainchild of MeitY to boost electronic manufacturing in the country, will require an amendment to the scheme. A decision to this effect is yet to be taken. In a communication to the Indian government last year, the company had also sought several other sops ? including a 15-year customs duty holiday on imports of iPhone kits, new and used capital equipment, and consumables ? to set up a manufacturing unit. It has sought duty cuts on components ? completely knocked down (CKD) and semi-knocked down (SKD) units of iPhones ? for reassembly at the finished goods manufacturing line. It has also sought a relaxation of the 30% local sourcing requirement under the foreign direct investment (FDI) rules. In a presentation to an inter-ministerial panel on January 25, the company executives are learnt to have explained why they need certain sops to be able to set up a unit here. The departments of electronics and information technology, and revenue are in the process of finalising their feedbacks on a majority of Apple?s demands that fall within their respective domains. Apple has turned to India, the world's fastest-growing smart phone market, to reverse slowing global sales, according to analysts. Also, with cost of production in China rising due to soaring wages, among other things, the company is perhaps looking at diversifying its manufacturing base out of China, they said. The company doesn't make its own products; rather, it does it through contract manufacturers, including Foxconn and Pegatron. So, if Apple sets up a base here, the contract manufacturers may also establish units here to cater to the tech major's demands, they said. Currently, Apple sells its products in India through a network of local distributors and retailers. Most of the company?s items are assembled in China, usually by Foxconn Technology. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment More From The Financial Express Prime Minister Narendra Modi to visit Washington this year: White House The Financial Express Pakistan voices 'serious concerns' over growing Indo-US partnership The Financial Express I-T identifies 1,155 shell cos used to launder Rs 13,300 cr The Financial Express The Financial Express More from Financial Express Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Terms of use About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Take MSN survey Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I am already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I am having problems with Top Destinations I am having issues with searching I am having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help and Support If you have any questions about MSN India, please contact our Grievance Officer at indiaGOMSN@microsoft.com | +91-11-46502222
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Good luck buying an iPhone 8 on launch day this year Chris Smith BGR NewsMarch 23, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Apple is expected to unveil three new iPhones in September, including the iPhone 8 and two iPhone 7s models. The initial iPhone 8 stock will be so low that it’ll sell out almost immediately after preorders start, a new report explains. Recent reports have claimed that production for certain iPhone 8 components will only commence in the third quarter, suggesting that Apple may not have enough iPhone 8 stock to meet demand at launch. Don't Miss: Hackers claim to have breached hundreds of millions of Apple accounts A new research note from Barclays, obtained by MacRumors, says the majority of iPhone 8 stock might not be available until later in the fourth quarter. “Suppliers generally had good things to say about the upcoming iPhone 8 launch (for our purposes iPhone 7s, iPhone 7s Plus, and iPhone Pro) as new features drive a more complicated manufacturing process and higher ASPs,” the report notes, referring to the iPhone 8 as the iPhone Pro. The iPhone 8 is also known as the iPhone X or iPhone Edition, as Apple is yet to announce a formal name for the upcoming handset. “We now believe that all three devices will feature wireless charging and will all be launched in the normal September timeframe, although the majority of iPhone Pro volumes may not be available until Q4,” the report adds. The analysts at Barclay also reiterated many of the iPhone 8 rumors we’ve heard before. The iPhone 8 should sport a 5.8-inch display, 5.15 inches of which will be usable. The Touch ID fingerprint sensor will be embedded in the screen, and the remaining space around it might be used for virtual buttons. The phone will come with support for wireless charging, but the wireless charger will not be included in the box. Other specs include a front-facing 3D sensor module, a dual camera on the back, and a stacked logic board design that will let Apple pack a bigger battery inside the iPhone. Trending right now: Netflix has 25 new originals set for release in April – here’s the full list 9 paid iPhone apps on sale for free right now First big Galaxy Note 8 leak comes with Galaxy S8 one week away See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next NASA just captured a photo of Jupiter that you won’t believe is real BGR News Did an astroid strike a Martian ocean and create a cataclysmic tsunami? BGR News We're sorry this is all we were able to find about this topic.
  Choisissez la langue de votre document : bg - български es - español cs - čeština da - dansk de - Deutsch et - eesti keel el - ελληνικά en - English (Selected) fr - français ga - Gaeilge hr - hrvatski it - italiano lv - latviešu valoda lt - lietuvių kalba hu - magyar mt - Malti nl - Nederlands pl - polski pt - português ro - română sk - slovenčina sl - slovenščina fi - suomi sv - svenska Parliamentary questions 23 March 2017 E-000638/2017 Answer given by Ms Vestager on behalf of the Commission During the administrative procedure that led to the adoption of the Apple decision, the Commission looked at all profit allocation rulings that Ireland had issued to non-resident companies for determining their chargeable profit under Section 25 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997. The Commission did this to address Ireland’s and Apple’s claim that it needed to show a divergence from past administrative practice to demonstrate that Apple's Irish subsidiaries had been selectively favoured by Ireland. The Commission concluded that Ireland's administrative practice was too inconsistent to constitute a benchmark against which to conduct that assessment. In addition, the treatment that Apple’s Irish subsidiaries received from Irish Revenue was not in line with economic reality. The Commission did not conclude on whether any of the other profit allocation rulings led to the grant of state aid. There is currently no formal investigation by the Commission into the tax treatment of any other company by Ireland. Last updated: 23 March 2017 Legal notice
Skip to main content Windows Central Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions Windows Tablets & Laptops Windows 10 Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 HP Elite x3 Xbox Surface Studio Surface Pro 4 Surface Book Cortana Shop HOT DEAL$ Digital Deals All Accessories Cases & Covers Chargers & Cables Docks & Cradles Batteries Screen Protectors AskDan! Windows 10 Help & How To Best Windows Store Apps Best Windows Store Games Apps Microsoft Insider Program Surface Surface Tips Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Surface Pro 3 Xbox Game Reviews Xbox LIVE Project Scorpio Laptop Buyers Guide Windows Phone Apps Games HP Elite x3 Alcatel Idol 4S Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 Lumia 1520 Lumia 550 Hololens Podcast Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Dell Laptop Deals Live Help The Best Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Windows Central Forums All News Stories Phone News Surface News Windows News Xbox News MSFT News Apps Games Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop Accessories Podcasts Videos Contact us Tip Us On News Download our app! Android Central CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad History is the best teacher Microsoft better not market 'Surface phone' like it marketed Windows phones Surface Cloud Book instead? Microsoft may not announce a Surface Book 2 at rumored Spring event Gear up! These are our picks for the best Surface Pro 4 accessories Keep It All New Microsoft tool makes it easy to migrate from Mac to Surface Context and perspective Why Microsoft — not Apple — will redefine the modern PC < > Best Laptops Best Antivirus Lumia 950 XL Lumia 950 Surface Book Surface Pro 4 Windows 10 Tip us on News! Shop: Surface Studio | New Surface Book | Xbox One S Bundles | NEW Dell XPS 13" Many become one Future of the PC is an intelligent cloud that connects a family of devices By Jason Ward Monday, Mar 20, 2017 at 12:01 pm EDT 71 Comments Jason L Ward is a columnist at Windows Central. He provides unique big picture analysis of the complex world of Microsoft. Jason takes the small clues and gives you an insightful big picture perspective through storytelling that you won't find anywhere else. Seriously, this dude thinks outside the box. Follow him on Twitter at @JLTechWord. He's doing the "write" thing! The modern PC is evolving but not into a single form factor, as some may believe. The transient nature of personal computing, from mobile to sedentary to consumption and to productivity settings, has made personal computing very complex. Gone are the days where all of our computing occurred on a single device, such as a Windows PC, Mac or even a smartphone. To accommodate our "transient computing" behavior, the "PC" (a personal device that handles our computing needs) is evolving into a family of context-relevant hardware on which computing occurs across devices, and our digital experiences occur increasingly within an intelligent cloud. The "personal computer" is more than a single device. There are some who point to a single form factor as the evolved or redefined PC. I think the mobility of our digital experiences paints a much larger and more complex picture of what the PC is and will become. Microsoft is instrumental in redefining the PC I recently wrote, that "Microsoft – not Apple – is redefining the modern PC." In that piece, I challenged respected writer Walt Mossberg's analysis that Apple is best positioned to redefine the PC. He believes an ARM-based laptop running only iOS apps will redefine the PC. From Mossberg: But the signs of a shift to ARM only set the stage for a bigger development: The migration of the most important modern software platforms, Android and iOS, to laptops and other traditional hardware that once defined the old kind of PC ... I believe it won't matter much until Apple builds an ARM-based laptop running iOS. I thought his view lacked the perspective of the evolving PC form factors beyond the laptop and traditional PC, as well as the platforms such as Microsoft Cloud, Windows Mixed-Reality and the Universal Windows Platform (UWP), that are driving innovation in new PC experiences across the industry. Microsoft's mobility-of-experiences focus Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella has made a point of emphasizing his vision of the mobility of a user's experiences. He stresses that mobility is not about the mobility of a given device, but is about the mobility of a user's digital experiences across devices. This is an important point to acknowledge in this modern age of personal computing, where many consumers use multiple devices such as smartphones, tablets, PCs and laptops as portals to their digital content. Consumers use many types of devices as portals to their digital content. As much of that digital content exists in the cloud, a single device, even a "primary computing" device, or "PC," such as a smartphone, begins to fade into the background, and the current and future personal computing landscape comes into view. That is, as the intelligent cloud continues its integration into our lives as the personal computing platform, we will become more aware of the ephemeral existence of, our access to and our ability to manipulate, our digital content wherever and whenever, on context-relevant hardware, and we'll be less focused on a single device. Microsoft's cloud focus, UWP and the Windows 10 device family create a foundation and ecosystem for this personal computing landscape. Mossberg's vision of iOS apps on a laptop seems like a short-sighted goal by comparison. Microsoft is solidifying its vision, Apple has not presented iOS on a laptop If Microsoft had not already redefined the PC with the Windows 10 device family (including Surface and HoloLens), the UWP, Continuum and a host of PC partners who have brought millions of Windows 10 laptops and 2-in-1s (that run mobile apps) to consumers over the last two years, I might be inclined to agree with Mossberg. If industries, businesses, and entities such as NASA and the military were not adopting HoloLens, a wearable Windows 10 PC, I again might be inclined to agree with Mossberg. If Windows Mixed-Reality (formerly Windows Holographic) wasn't powering much of the industry's virtual, augmented and mixed-reality personal computing endeavors, well ... I think you get my point. Microsoft is a driver and platform for multiple personal computing modalities. Personal computers and personal computing take many forms and are broadly and deeply represented in our industries, lives, businesses and cutting-edge areas that push the boundaries of innovation. The intelligent cloud, where Microsoft ranks second only to Amazon, powers computing for both large enterprises and is the unifying thread for the consumer's digital experiences. Here I'll address these instrumental agents to the PCs evolution, which are profoundly more relevant than a copy-cat move of putting a mobile OS and mobile apps on a laptop form factor. Before we get there, since Mossberg's analysis was founded on iOS's and Android's dominant mobile ecosystems and Microsoft's consumer failure of the same, let's review my previous argument and begin there. (If you read my last piece you can skip the next section.) Windows 10 Mobile is irrelevant, but Microsoft still drives the shift Mossberg asserts that Microsoft's mobile app ecosystem lacks the critical mass to propel a mass adoption of a traditional productivity form factor, a laptop, that runs mobile apps. With that, I must agree, at least in the sense that Windows on phone (and the companion app ecosystem), which now has less than one percent share, has been unsuccessful. But Windows 10, because of the UWP and universal apps, is just as valid a "mobile" OS as Android and iOS, though (sadly) it is less relevant on a pocketable form-factor. Windows 10 is a mobile and desktop OS. Android and iOS are important from Mossberg's perspective because they are the primary mobile platforms that consumers use. And bringing mobile platforms and their associated apps to a productivity-focused clam-shell form factor, he asserts, is the direction in which the PC is evolving. It is, and it has, but it's not waiting on Apple. Mobile apps (as part of an OS that fit a productivity-focused desktop context) are what Microsoft's UWP, which is supported by context-conforming universal Windows apps, accomplishes. These apps fit mobile, desktop and even mixed-reality personal computing environments. As such, part of Microsoft's vision for the "redefined" PC has been rolling out for nearly two years, and Windows 10-based 2-in-1s and laptops have been embraced by consumers and PC manufacturers. Mossberg is right ... and wrong You see, Mossberg's shift is happening. But it is not waiting for an uncertain move by Apple to make iOS and iOS apps fully compatible with a keyboard-and-mouse productivity scenario, akin to what Windows 10 touch-enabled 2-in-1s and laptops provide. Nor has it been dependent on a mobile app ecosystem to promote mass adoption of the form factor running mobile apps. (See my previous piece for a major caveat). It is being propelled by Windows 10 PCs and Microsoft's OEM partners that have been seeding the market with the type of touch-enabled clam-shell devices that have mobile apps, that Mossberg asserts iOS would be the transformative agent in promoting to the masses. Windows 10's effects on transforming the PC go much further than 2-in-1s and laptops, however. The ties that bind A recent Cntrl-Walt-Delete podcast featured the following statement: "This week Walt [Mossberg] and Nilay discuss how they use their tablets, laptops and phones and how there's something missing linking those gadgets." Though Microsoft has not yet optimally implemented its intelligent cloud, Windows 10, UWP and Windows 10 device family strategy, I believe it is or at least best represents the gadget-connecting link for which Walt, and his co-host, The Verge's Nilay Patel are searching for. Microsoft's platform approach not only has the goal of unifying a user's digital experiences across Windows 10 devices, but Redmond is also incorporating iOS and Android in its mobility-of-experiences vision. Microsoft is tying Android, and to a lesser extent (due to its closed nature) iOS, into its Windows ecosystem. Through Windows 10 and cloud computing, Microsoft is managing users' digital experiences across devices and making the idea of a personal computer, as in a single device responsible for all or most of our computing, less relevant. This is the area where I believe Microsoft has the greatest advantage over Apple in the modern computing landscape. The Windows 10 device family is PCs redefined The combination of Microsoft's UWP with cloud computing ideally makes the mobility of a user's experience far more efficient than focusing on a single form factor. The UWP and digital experiences managed by the cloud give users a common UI and the same app experience across PCs, phones, 2-in-1s and HoloLens. Even Xbox is sharing more in common with the other devices in the Windows 10 device family. This commonality of a shared experience will apply to even new devices that join the Windows 10 family. The Windows 10 device family provides context-relevant PCs to manage digital experiences. Microsoft's investments in category-defining devices have made its technologies the platform for the modern age of personal computing that is less tied to a single device. I believe Microsoft's impact on the evolution of the PC, will continue in line with a cloud-based experience that carries user's experiences across multiple computing devices (personal computers) based on a user's context. Furthermore, I believe personal computing will in time include ambient computing. Ambient computing is a term I use to define a context where mixed-reality glasses and goggles will be used to augment a user's perception enabling him to perceive and interact with a digital plane. This digital plane will be created by an IoT saturated environment in the home, business and public settings. The video below provides a visual of such a scenario: How Microsoft's mixed reality strategy may augment its Home Hub and IoT visions PC future is bigger than a laptop with mobile apps Yes, the PC is evolving, and I believe Microsoft's investments in the UWP, the cloud and mixed-reality better position it to impact that evolution far more than what Apple may offer. We're moving into a personal computing future where multiple devices in our lives will act as "PCs" at different times and in different contexts, while the cloud maintains the consistency of our experiences. We're entering a future where mixed-reality, in which Microsoft not only leads but which also provides a platform for the industry, will define new ways for users to interact with their digital experiences. How might mixed-reality and modern PCs augment our interactions with digital content? I am confident that Mossberg sees personal computing and the evolution of the PC as something beyond the laptop with mobile apps he described (and that Microsoft has already achieved). His piece, admittedly, was addressing a small portion of a much larger reality. The breadth of computing is far broader and is becoming increasingly more complicated than a user in a stationary position interacting with a single device. It is an experience that we are "submerged" in even now. The digital world engulfs us and our smartphones and PCs act as our vehicles to navigate and windows to perceive that increasingly ambient digital environment. Mixed-reality glasses and goggles, based on HoloLens tech, will eventually be added to the repertoire of other PCs we use and will make navigating that digital plane even more natural. Microsoft already has mobile apps on a laptop Microsoft already has UWP mobile apps on a laptop. Mossberg hopes Apple will get there. While Microsoft nurtures and improves that achievement it is also pioneering the next steps in the PC's evolution. Mixed reality, Windows 10 on ARM via cellular PCs, and potentially an ultramobile PC with full Windows 10, Cshell and telephony can be seen on the horizon. As I've said before, CShell is a big deal. If you're not excited by this, you should be.— Zac Bowden (@zacbowden) February 6, 2017 It will be interesting to see if Microsoft introduces an intersection of mixed-reality glasses with an ultramobile Continuum- and telephony-enabled Surface running full Windows and Win32 and Store apps. A synergy of those two modern PC modalities would give users two devices that work in concert as a tablet, full PC (via Continuum), phone and mixed-reality personal computer. That sounds almost like science-fiction, I know, but so did the phone-iPod-internet device former Apple CEO Steve Jobs introduced as the iPhone ten years ago. Apple combined available technology and changed the personal computing landscape. As the pioneer of a unified platform, holographic computing and context sensitive hardware and software, and a leader in intelligent cloud computing, Microsoft can do the same. Advice for Apple If Apple, within the current personal computing landscape defined by the mobility-of-experiences and context-relevant hardware, puts iOS on a laptop and dubs it a PC redefined, it could potentially seal its reputation as no longer being an innovator. Following that vision would be akin to Apple's mistake of adding a keyboard to the iPad Pro and dubbing it the equivalent of a Windows PC. Microsoft's personal computing vision, though imperfect and not always optimally executed, embraces and provides the tools for the current and future personal computing landscape. Today and in the future, the PC is and will be many things. And Microsoft is providing the platform, hardware form factors and pervasive and unifying cloud-computing platform to support the new and evolving age of personal computing. If Apple wants to compete, it will need to do more than put iOS on a laptop and call it a PC redefined. Related reading: Microsoft is serious about hardware, but not for the reasons you think A "HoloLens" for everyone; Microsoft is democratizing HoloLens tech Getting in touch with creators: how Microsoft is courting Apple's creators Microsoft's aggressive push to rule personal computing: cross-platform clouds and alternate realities, Part II Microsoft's aggressive push to rule personal computing Part I: Windows 10 The Internet of Intelligent Things: Google, Samsung, Microsoft, and the new battlefront Microsoft's cognitive services and AI everywhere vision are making AI in our image Reader comments Future of the PC is an intelligent cloud that connects a family of devices 71 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating Jamison_919 And if they release a UWP app that is to replace a win32 app, make damn sure it is better that what it is replacing in terms of stability and features. Nothing worse that trying to use a UWP app and it pales in comparison to the standard one or web based one. Todoist is a good example. 0 6 days ago Reply Jamison_919 So, why can’t Microsoft get syncing figured out like Dropbox and Google Drive? The issues I have has with OneDrive syncing was enough to make be stop using OneDrive altogether even though I have way more free storage on One Drive than any other cloud storage system. Dropbox's integration is amazingly well done. There is no "upload center" that continually has syncing conflicts or files that weren't unloaded or synced. It is part of the reason I have not fully committed to MSFT on my non-mobile devices. I also think it sucks that in order to get full functionality on OneNote, the notebooks have to sync on OneDrive. 0 6 days ago Reply TechFreak1 Windows on mobile "failed" because Microsoft swung a massive axe and destroyed all that momentum. They could have used that momentum to further push the silverlight mobile apps to UWP apps. Therefore once cshell hits there are plenty of uwp apps that it makes sense to the average joe. Furthermore they could have said all your data and apps that you use will transfer over to the next device that is beyond the curve of traditional computing; so it would be tricky to have current devices running the next generation of devices. Therefore Microsoft would have had a solid bedrock on to build the mythical surface phone on top alongside developer and consumer mindshare as well have somewhat prepped the industry for a shift. Sure they would get some flack but since they have said all apps and data would transfer over then people haven't lost "their data" and apps. But, well... now we don't have that momentum do we? Since they let go of all the talented individuals that Microsoft acquired with the D&S acquisition, who could have been working to bring the mobile o/s rather polished. Along with combining all that ingenuity with the other creative and talented engineering genuises at Microsoft. But they appear to be living in an engineers bubble and the world is just stats & analytics to them. They really have to pull out the stops at Build 2017 now, it's now or never and it's the 12th hour not 11th - Samsung is looking to beat them to punch with a foldable screen device which looks exactly the device in the future productivity videos Microsoft has been pumping out. If that happens... sigh... the entire world may as well join up and say "we told you so" lol....       0 6 days ago Reply Orneryjohn They must be getting a government subsidy for cloud service in return to send all data thru NSA servers while the CIA data mines them and mishandles your data,☺ you're on WikiLeaks.. Time to go old fashion with paper, pen and envelope. 0 6 days ago Reply fiveaces01 I read thru most of the article and it does seem to confirm what I have been hearing here and elsewhere. MS is focusing on Service as the key to increasing revenue which is the absolute bottom line. If we are considering first the consumer side of this revenue stream, it is obvious that they will cash in on the Office Products that everyone needs and relys on, Apple has really been adverising Word on and iphone. What else would they possibly need MS for? Android users also have access to the Office Suite of products. The big difference between these 2 and MS is that they also have significant revenue streams from Hardware sales. The only hardware MS manufactures is the Surface line and it has been successful...but for how long? And that line of products is nowhere close to hardware sales with Google and Apple.What about all the PC's and Laptops shipping with Windows 10 you ask...again my point is SERVICE revenue. I believe this line of thinking to be a terrible flaw. But why would anyone expect different from the former head of MS Cloud division. I have said that since he took over and shitcanned all the devices but the Surface and put all the focus into Enterprise revenue that will rely on the Cloud. I am sorry but I will always insist on my software existing on the device I am using and will not have to rely on paying for more Data charges and Cloud storage fees. 0 6 days ago Reply jacksmith21006 Without mobile does it matter? 0 1 week ago Reply IOnica Gigel Wow, some time has passed since i haven't read a more stupid article than this. We are talking about an operating system. How is the cloud relevant to this? After all this time, can't Microsoft come up with something that really makes a difference? Since when the hell is the cloud (wich is around since the 90's, but without the marketing name "cloud") the answer to all the problems? This is exactly the kind of speech that i see Nadella talking about, because he has no technical idea about what's going on. Go on, downvote without thinking about it. 0 1 week ago Reply Jason Ward Hi Ionica...You're response seems more visceral and knee-jerk than thoughtfully considered and presented. You assert we are talking about an operating system. Actually we are talking about computing. When the PC was the only computing device we used, and we did so in a sedentary and individual context, then yes, our focus was an operating system such as Windows. With the shift to computing across multiple devices,(and a focus on mobility of experiences) smartphones, PCs, tablets, etc, the role of the cloud in our personal computing is becoming increasingly important. (This does not preclude the role of an operating system but incorporates the role of the cloud in personal computing). That's why you can begin a task on one device and continue it on another, the cloud. You can buy a new device and have all of your favorites, preferences, settings etc ready to go on the new device simply by logging in - the cloud. You can play multiplayer games where processing is done - in the cloud. Apple proponent John Gruber was even used in an Azure promotional video during BUILD 2014 to promote how he was using Azures cloud computing as a backend for processing for his (now cancelled) iOS app Vesper. There are many apps from various platforms that use the cloud in like manner. That's why the same data for an app can be accessed across devices. Furthermore, it offloads processing and other tasks to the cloud that don't have to be supported by the app developer. Also, the cloud has indeed been around for a long time, as you point out. That does not, however, preclude the advancements in technology that makes its role more impactful in its current role in personal computing. Finally, no where in this article do I state, infer or allude to a claim that the cloud is the answer to all problems. I am not sure what your background is but you seem very passionate about this subject. I would encourage you to do a little digging on what cloud computing is and how various companies like Amazon, Google and Microsoft are investing in it and how it is impacting the world of computing, industries and personal computing. If after your research you still disagree with the points put forth in this article, I encourage you to compose an intellectual, point by point, rebuttal. That would be far more effective at articulating your perspective than using words like "stupid" and other insults, combined with an apparent lack considering the reality of the role of cloud computing in modern computing. Thanks for joining the discussion!🙂 0 1 week ago Reply Gabriel Hernandez5 Microsoft's next cloud company acquisition should be Spotify, here is why. Microsoft has become a company much well known by the XGeneration, Baby Boomers, but is less and less interesting for YGeneration, Millenials, and those born after 2010. (how are they called?) All these younger generations use Instagram, Snapchat, Facebook and other free services, but they will probably subscribe to Spotify when they enter their teen years, these kids don't know the meaning of FM Radio anymore, and most of these kids won't purchase a CD or a Vinyl since they'll get very good sound quality as faster Internet speeds and broadband are available for less price. Spotify is the company that will let Microsoft talk directly with these younger generation, which will be potential consumers of technology Microsoft uses in the next years, with Spotify service, Microsoft knows when these teen subscribers are using their smartphone, tablet, parent's car, PC, AI home asistant or Hololens (imagine a sound experience using AR, it will be amazing) all these will let Microsoft know these kids better and know them until they go to high school and college to know how much cloud services are impacting their lives, so by knowing their consumer habits Microsoft can become the company that invests money into an ecosystem where Spotify service is on all devices these kids have, smartphone, tablet, PC, Car, Home Stereo and even on VR or wearables, or home AI asistants like Cortana. If there is something Microsoft must do know, is to act fast and purchase Spotify before a rival like Google, Amazon or Facebook acquires it 0 1 week ago Reply Marius Vatasoiu So you actually want Spotify to be killed? 0 1 week ago Reply Gabriel Hernandez5 I think you're over reacting, If you didn't liked my proposal to build an Android fork for Microsoft Mobile OS, thats fine but I think the future is not the smartphone, is the full ecosystem that exists around all your devices. Have a great day ;) 0 1 week ago Reply Marius Vatasoiu I was joking about Spotify :). You're right about the ecosystem, all three companies are trying to build one, it is the best solution to keep their customers close on long term. When it comes to Microsoft and Android, anything is possible, although I do not think that a version of Android is a solution, because Google would block access to Google Play=the most important component of the Android ecosystem. It's possible that we'll see a launcher based on MDL2. 0 1 week ago Reply Ryujingt3 Let's be honest. Consumers don't care if Microsoft has already done this. It's only relevant to them if Apple does it. 0 1 week ago Reply bleached Years of janky Microsoft products and services have given them this reputation. Sucks. -1 1 week ago Reply ms dies No it isn't. This company in nowhere. Actually the transition you claim is becoming a copmany providing you online a tiny storage for your photos. Their strategy is cloud, fine. Their "gold" product is azure. Really? They are lagging even behind Amazon in cloud marketshare. An e-shop company is doing better in cloud services than "giant" microsoft. Come on...It is silly. Alexa is already in vehicles, consumer cars, do you listen microsoft? Do you know why? Because Amazon brought a product based on consumer needs. And who is client of Amazon's in-car Alexa? Enterprises! Enterprises and industries who build vehicles decided to add this service to their products. Why? Because people are using them everywhere. When you can take this service everywhere it is called mobile my dear microsoft. Of course there are some efforts for cortana to get in your car, but to do what? Services, apps and all these consumer needs microsoft hates are compatible with everything else than microsofts products. I laugh when i see pictures like the second from the end. The reason is obvious:failure in everything. If microsoft knows something which is going to work the next 60 years ok they see decades ahead. We are not prophets and we don't want to be. We want to see products and services and ideas making our lifes easier. Dear microsoft struggling and hating so much mobile as it is shaped today and hiding behind server racks is making lose your balance. The balance is taking feedback from both enterprise and consumer and giving solutions. UWP failed. Why? Who is using them on desktop? And then it was mobile. Oh sorry mobile for you is something more sophisticated, more...nothing. Microsoft get up! Get rid of this miserable untalented CEO & marketing team and start to think fresh ideas! UWP (failed), Cshell, Win on ARM, Mixed reallity are only to keep as waiting for something which is already dead. I mean the perspective of this CEO for the future of our needs. All this circus is set up only for a very specific team: investors. If investors see profits, all good. Our planet fortunately is inhabited not only from investors. Although we invested time and money on microsofts products we are ending up being fooled from slides like this.  4 1 week ago Reply Marius Vatasoiu Sad, but true AF. 0 1 week ago Reply agrum Oh ****! You nailed it. I agree the CEO is untalented. Amen to you, bro. 0 1 week ago Reply As if Since I have been playing around with computers since the early severnties, the biggest issue I have seen is SECURITY. At the moment, othing is secure on the internet. Until this happens, I will not even consider joining the rest of the vunerable people. This PC is the only one I use online and it has nothing on it. All my important passwords are randomised.Example - if you check my facebook page, the only thing on there is a whole pile of competition entries. What worries me is that f I can access it, so can anyone and I mean ANYBODY, ANYWHERE, AND AT ANYTIME!!!!!!!!!!!       And don't even get me started on about what our own governments are doing (iunder the pretense of national security).                            Then there are companies which take ownership of all infomation that is placed on their sites away from us - perfect example is facebook (I call it faceless book - just try to contact them if you have a problem, especially if they don't want to deal with this problem). Put it this way, I am a dinosaur who still uses cash all the time, and besides, contrary to what we keep hearing it is still the best way to budget - you actually see who much you spend and how little you have left, and when the wallet is empty, you can spend no more.I rebel against all those who want our society to go cashless and join the IOT.  The best example of how our info is not secure, is the so called privacy policy that everyone just clicks past without reading. If you really look at it, they say that the company will abide ny your contries privacy laws and keep your info secure, but they retain the right to disseminate it to others (associated companies is one example) and they all use and sell off any data on us that they can legally get away with .Just look at google and facebook. We are being incorrectly convinced to join a connected world - they talk about how good it will be, unfortunately noboby talks about who it will be good for!!!!, Until some actual decent security is applied to this, laws and methods are passed to uphold this, and something invented to prevent hacking so that my data can be safely and permanantly stored and only accessed by me, I will not touch a online cloud with a barge pole. 0 1 week ago Reply WinOMG How did you get Win10 on that Samsung 0 1 week ago Reply TgeekB Another great article Jason "To accommodate our "transient computing" behavior, the "PC" (a personal device that handles our computing needs) is evolving into a family of context-relevant hardware on which computing occurs across devices, and our digital experiences occur increasingly within an intelligent cloud." Very well said. MS is looking forward. I know it's difficult for some people to do this because they're fixed in todays ecosystem, but things are evolving and I believe, like you, MS is poised to lead the way. It's an exciting time and we need to be patient. It takes time to build a new way of doing things. It can't be done overnight.   0 1 week ago Reply Marius Vatasoiu Not overnight, but neither in 10 years? I remember when WP8.1 had over 10% market share in some countries and we all thought that in the next 2-3 years we'll hit 20-25% - well, we reached that point, but we are missing 20-25% market share. 1 1 week ago Reply Marius Vatasoiu This strategy is not based entirely on consumer need, but more on numbers. As a company, it is easier to make money from a service than a product. When it comes to intelligent cloud, well this will be a set of "US only" features. They target only a few languages (Cortana) from developed countries, while the rest get an incomplete software. You can't use Xbox services on so many countries, even if you can buy the console, Cortana supports just a few languages, Bing is useless outside America, and so on. So, this strategy is based on Azure success, which is a real success, but is largely an enterprise service. On big screens, Microsoft still has market share due to legacy applications (Win32) from enterprise. In the long term, let's say 10 years or more, today's children, who develop applications at age 10 for iOS and Android, will create new enterprise tools without Microsoft to be their first choice. What I'm trying to say is that the enterprise market may change similar to the consumer market. On paper, it seems that Microsoft will succeed in this way, but ONLY IF the other players will not bring anything new, which will not happen. We do not know when Google or Apple will make a better version for Continuum or other features and they will promote much better...as happens now. 2 1 week ago Reply Curious kid Hi! The article mentions UWP apps. How can I find them in the store on my mobile? 1 1 week ago Reply pallentx Spot-on about the connected cloud is the new PC. Unfortunately, I dont think its MS driving it. I really hope I'm wrong. ​The connected cloud wont be one cloud - its Google for video, photos, mail, apps. Its amazon for web services and other apps, with MS playing a distant second. For now, MS has a strong foothold with Office 365 for work documents, but Google is serious about cometing there. Amazon says they want to build their own "Cloud Office" too. We'll see if they can continue to hold that. ​I love and prefer Windows, but I still see losing the mobile war as a complete redfinition of Microsoft's place in the future. Since its all cloud-driven, I dont know that the unified app architecture matters that much. Developers will continue to develop for where the users are, not for the platform thats unified, but has no users. 0 1 week ago Reply DarrenSproat Nicely written again, Jason. For me, the "PC" has moved away from the "personal computer" and toward "personal computing"... a focus on the experience of computing rather than the device which facilitates that computing... a focus towards user experience convergence and consistency across all device types. 2 1 week ago Reply Geddeeee Nadella really does talk a load of *****!!! How many times does he say 'redefined' or 'empower' in any of his speeches or interviews?? All he cares about is Azure... and it shows... 0 1 week ago Reply 89caps Microsoft need to figure out how to get developers on their mobile platform or cloud-this cloud-that will be irrelevant. People will chose the ecosystem that fits the best with their mobile phone. 1 1 week ago Reply Steve Adams Surface,  Surface book, Surface Studio,  hololens.  I am about as anti windows mobile as you can get....BUUUUTTTT,  these devices,  are pushing computing forward.  Macbooks/imacs are from the past now.  NOTHING NEW since they were introduced.   only removal of stuff. 1 1 week ago Reply modwheel Whatever the future is, Microsoft needs less talking and more doing. Their actions (or lack thereof) are simply mind blowing. 1 1 week ago Reply cr_buck They have had plenty of action. Problem is no one can see or understand their direction. 0 1 week ago Reply bleached What action? -2 1 week ago Reply pessimistic observer They're adding ads to the explorer and we already have ads in the startmenu clearly those ads come from somewhere. That somewhere is the cloud ;} 0 1 week ago Reply pallentx Those "ads" are not coming from the cloud. In explorer its one built in message about a feature in Windows Explorer. The others are links to apps in the store. Those elements are not available to advertisers for ads. You must be thinking about Andriod... 1 1 week ago Reply bleached Where are there ads built into Android? That is a Windows thing. -1 1 week ago Reply bebochek Android was built with ads in mind. Nothing is free or open. 1 1 week ago Reply bleached And yet, unlike Windows, it doesn't have ads built directly into the UI. Microsoft must really have had ads in mind when they built Windows 10. -1 1 week ago Reply pallentx Not at all. There's a messgae in explorer that tells you about an explorer feature. Its not an ad system to display 3rd party ads. Its like the little arrow that pointed to the start menu and said "click here" when Windows 95 came out. One drive integration is a relatively new feature to users coming from Windows 7 and they are telling you about it. Its not an ad network. Of course, you know that...   1 1 week ago Reply bleached There are more ads in Windows 10 than just in explorer. Microsoft keeps adding more and more. They are ads. It doesn't matter if they are not part of an ad network, they are still ads. Ads built directly into the interface for Windows 10. You can try to down play them, but they are still ads. http://www.pcworld.com/article/3039827/windows/7-ways-windows-10-pushes-... https://www.thurrott.com/windows/windows-10/89112/microsoft-added-anothe... https://www.thurrott.com/windows/windows-10/85341/microsoft-cheapens-win... 1 1 week ago Reply pallentx That PC world article is a bunch of nonsense. Tips and tricks on the lockscreen is an Ad? ​The fact that Cortana uses Bing is an ad? Ads in apps you download from the store? Say it isnt so! The only one I would consider "ads" is the featured apps on the start menu. I'm not crazy about that one either. 0 1 week ago Reply bleached A full page Tomb Raider ad on the lock screen is a tip and trick? Don't forget the Edge ads that pop up on Windows and even bad mouths competitors. There are ads built into Windows 10! The very thing most everyone here hates about Google! Microsoft double down on it! 0 1 week ago Reply Marius Vatasoiu Then that means they are doing something wrong. 0 1 week ago Reply cr_buck UWP is mentioned constantly throughout this article and is consider a key point of Microsoft's strategy. The problem is UWP is on life support if Microsoft doesn't do something. They aren't pushing UWP enough or giving developers enough of a reason to choose it over Web even with its lesser experience. Even big developers such as Spotify use a legacy desktop program with a modern style and show no signs of changing. Amazon only has Audible adopting the strategy while Kindle has been "streamlined for a superior experience" as Amazon support has told me by abandoning UWP and going back to a legacy and expanding its development. Their shopping app is abysmal and their Movies and TV experience is nowhere to be seen. Others such as Newegg, Bestbuy, and Wal-Mart don't see the benefit and many other big players are not putting much effort in even if they do offer an app. Rarely do you see new UWP apps from major developers but you definitely see ones being pulled. 2 1 week ago Reply Dan12R Really, Apple has already done a laptop with iOS. The iPad Pro with a keyboard is, for all intents and purposes, just that. How does putting it into what essentially equates to a hardshell case with a hinge change anything? I think a kicker that's eluded to in this is that the definition of "portable" has changed. People don't just want their device to be super portable. We've achieved that. They want their content to be super portable (where the cloud comes in). Xbox Anywhere isn't great just because you get a PC copy of a game free with the Xbox copy (or vice versa). It's great because your progress, or your content, goes with you. And it's super portable because the user doesn't have to do squat. It's the same with Cortana. I don't have to replicate everything on each machine I use to have Cortana present the same content. I just sign in and "Bam!" There are my interests, the stocks I'm tracking, etc. It's ultra portable. Cloud storage systems like DropBox and OneDrive started this. I could have a PowerPoint shared on my cloud and, with relative ease, get to it from any machine I own. But what we're seeing is Microsoft go beyond Word docs and the like. It's becoming integrated into the very nature of the OS. We see this with Windows 10 on all platforms. It's Cortana, it's browser favorites, it's applications themselves with UWP, it's game saves, it's pretty much everything. And it's easier. I don't have to install a special application or navigate through a file system. I may have to activate a couple settings, but once I do, a lot of it is just there. And for the average user, that's awesome. I can have a super portable hardware like a phone, but if I have to copy files to the phone (make sure they're the latest copy), recreate my contacts list, rebuild my browser favorites, re-sync my music playlist, and on and on, then it's not very portable from a practical standpoint. I have a lot I have to do to bring what really matters (the content) with me. 6 1 week ago Reply buffalosolja Why all remember using the mobile sync and the cable fiasco back in the day.  Nice point on the cloud focus. 0 1 week ago Reply dgr_874 It's kinda funny how we went from dumb terminals to access the mainframe where all the data was stored, to every terminal(PC's) having its own data storage, right back to having terminals (smartphones) access the mainframe (cloud) where the data is stored. 3 1 week ago Reply Zachary Wilmes Well that's kind of an oversimplification, but yes, in certain ways it is pretty ironic. 0 1 week ago Reply lippidp I've always wanted my phone to replace my laptop and still do (no use for a tablet in my life). WM device with Continuum/dock and x64 program support will finally make that a reality. 2 1 week ago Reply Steve Adams Bleached....maybe in the mobile space.  However,  in the desktop/home space MS is very much relevant to the consumer.  I would NEVER use a MacOS device.  Its a terrible mish mash of an OS,  the devices are over priced and under performing and Just Meh!  3 1 week ago Reply bleached Sales are dropping, Windows 10 isn't growing and Microsoft is becoming more and more Enterprise focused. As mobile devices become more powerful and tasks are made easier on them, how does Microsoft stay relevant with consumers? -7 1 week ago Reply Tales Normando You will want keyboard and mouse if you need to do anything more compelx than write a short email or schedule an appointment, so Windows is not going anywhere. 0 1 week ago Reply bleached Keyboard support isn't exclusive to Windows. Why would you need Windows to use a keyboard? -3 1 week ago Reply dorelse "how does Microsoft stay relevant with consumers?" The answer is...they don't.  MS believes their future is Windows Server powering their Cloud strategy. They're consumer focus is the xbox, mixed with finding a new footing for Win10 as a gateway to their Cloud services.  Bing, Cortana, Office 365, etc, etc, etc.  That's how they stay relevant with consumers...through the Cloud and all the devices that interact with it.   2 1 week ago Reply bleached How long until this website change its name to Microsoft Web Services Central? -4 1 week ago Reply cr_buck I wish I could agreed with you but working in IT consulting I am seeing just the opposite. Only one person in my neighborhood uses Windows at home besides me and it's because they got it for free. Everyone else uses Macs if they have anything because they believe it's safer and easier to use. Others use mobile devices because they are good enough. When speaking to them about Windows every one of them is still under the impression Windows is slow, buggy, full of viruses, and requires constant maintenance. I'm seeing a similar sentiment in SMBs where it's become hard to sell Windows for most. About the only that still buy Windows without question add typically engineering firms. We've had entire businesses inform us they are switching completely to iPads, cell phones, or to a lesser extent Android tablets. 0 1 week ago Reply buffalosolja Similar but then they want published windows applications to work with.  I agree with you my neighborhood dynamics is similar and working in virtualization I see this a ton as well. (people using portable devices other than MS products).  But when they use a MS device they are confused as to the speed and are usually looking for a dang app... -1 1 week ago Reply bebochek So you're pretty much saying Apple has dumbed everybody down. 2 1 week ago Reply Marius Vatasoiu Then Apple must be the best magician, because they are closer and closer to make one trillions dollars with one phone. LOL 1 1 week ago Reply bleached Or they made computing simple and accessable. Same thing, different spin. Why do you feel it is necessary for a user to be a computer expert in order to get their work done? Why can't a computer be simple and easy to use? Your attitude is a perfect example of why Windows is losing consumers and becoming a niche operating system for professionals with heavy requirements. -2 1 week ago Reply 11949531 Because what you are pointing mostly on consumer product with arm chip or light consumer business. When you look on to big companies like aviation co., investment co., bank financial co., accounting firm., car manufacturer, Samsung for example they are heavily relying on Windows. Then following by business mobile devices, mixed reality do have the potential. 0 1 week ago Reply Steve Adams Thing is,  apple computers are NOT easy to use...they are actually harder and more random than windows.   Close down a program?  windows,  you hit the x.....in MacOS,  you have to go to menu,  click close program,  then most likely have to "RIGHT CLICK" on the icon in the dock and click close program too....apple prides itself on being easy to use...but its all marketing, smoke and mirrors.   Windows is way ahead of MacOS.   And YES,  I own both! 1 1 week ago Reply bleached Who said anything about Macs? -1 1 week ago Reply Jason Ward Thanks for reading folks! The PC is increasingly becoming the intelligent Cloud managing our experiences across context sensitive devices and software. A single device seen as "the PC" will, in time become less if a focus as we become more focused on our cloud-based digital experiences that we will access across various devices seamlessly transitioning across context relevant hardware. Mixed-reality glasses as part of this scenario giving us a view of a digital plane "constructed" by pervasively integrated IoT devices in hokes, businesses and public will be an interesting development. A pairing of mixed-reality goggles with an ultramobile Surface as part of this, "family of context relevant hardware" would also be interesting. So what are your thoughts, the PC is leas about a single piece of hardware as ☁cloud computing is becoming the "PC" and is managing our digital experiences across devices. It's not perfect or optimally implemented yet, but we're heading more deeper in that direction. Do you agree, disagree? You know the drill...LET'S TALK!!! 4 1 week ago Reply brorim future of windows is the bin.. sorry .. privacy please !! -11 1 week ago Reply bleached This article is confusing. I have a couple questions: 1. Is this an argument against Continuum and a single device future? 2. Did you just discover the cloud? It has been around for a while now. It is tough to imagine Microsoft still bring relevant to consumers in 5 years. We hear all this talk, but we haven't seen anything from Microsoft in years. When is it coming? When will we have more than talk? -11 1 week ago Reply kz_m You still in cave or what? 3 1 week ago Reply Jason Ward Hi bleached, sorry you're confused. To answer your questions: 1. No this is not an argument against Continuum. Continuum on PC as well as Continuum on a mobile device can and do coexist in an environment where an intelligent cloud is already and is becoming more integrated in our personal computing. 2. I'm not sure what in this article suggests I just heard about the cloud, but, no it is not. The motivation and timing for this piece is a continuation of the rebuttal (Microsoft - not Apple - is redefining the PC) that I wrote in response Walt Mossberg's piece that posits Apple redefining the PC. You can also refer to some of the pieces at the end of the article where I talk about the cloud at other points in the past. Hope that helps. 👍🏿 8 1 week ago Reply bleached 1. What is the point of Continuum when the cloud makes your data ubiquitous already? 2. You wrote an article about the cloud being the future like it is still 2005. It is 2017. The cloud is here and isn't dependant on Microsoft or Windows at all. It is more an argument against Windows. Why do you need such a complicated platform when everything is in the cloud? -7 1 week ago Reply Jason Ward Hi Bleached, I'm not sure if you took the time to read every word of the article before joining the conversation. But in 2005 there was no Universal Windows Platform and Windows 10 family of devices, nor an increasing integration of Android or iOS (which didn't exist in 2005) into the Windows ecosystem, nor was there as evolved a mobility of digital experiences between devices, ALL points referencing the current implementation of the cloud that I put forth in the article; I know that it is here. Also, very few technologies are wholly dependent on any one company except where monopolies exist, and the DOJ and other entities work to ensure that doesn't happen. Some companies, do however, have a far greater influence due to thier investments and position in particular technologies than others. Amazon, Microsoft and Google have far more influence in the cloud than Apple for instance. Microsoft and Googles productivity suites in conjunction with the cloud give them a leg up in that regard to Amazon. Microsoft's Windows 10 family of devices, laptops, PC, 2-in-1s, phone, HoloLens, Xbox, in conjunction with cloud gives them a more comprehensive approach than most. Microsoft provides a solution from all angles in a way others don't Cloud, Platform (UWP), Hardware, Software (Productivity and other tools). That is not to say they will "win", if winning is even necessary, but this piece written like it is 2017, incorporates the current computing landscape with the current implementation of the cloud. 😉 8 1 week ago Reply kevin_tenza Whatever the future is, it will be swept out from under MSs feet yet again. Same promises for years that they will change the game. At this point i think MS could achieve their vision only if Google and Apple stood still for the next 5 years. MS is hurting the ones who love it the most! -2 1 week ago Reply Marius Vatasoiu I understand you perfectly, I swear that Apple does not stand on a "gazilion" dollars without investing in a unified and touch-friendly OS. 0 1 week ago Reply Tom French2 But that is all Apple.  What he speaks of is a system in which all people can link into in the cloud and have everything they do available on any device they have.  Windows 10 allows that to some extent right now but it is not as universal as it would be if it was implemented through the cloud and a new Windows 10 cloud might be just the one for all to use cloud with less expense involved instead of some of the cloud systems in place at this time which is more geared toward business. 0 1 week ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News WikiLeaks ‘Vault 7’: CIA tools to hack into Apple’s Macs, iPhones revealed WikiLeaks ‘Vault 7’: CIA tools to hack into Apple’s Macs, iPhones revealed Wikileaks has revealed CIA is able to permanently infect an Apple Mac, even reinstalling the OS doesn't remove the bug By: AFP | Published:March 24, 2017 9:46 am Apple’s Mac computers might not be safe at all: Wikileaks has revealed CIA can infect a Mac permanently. The Central Intelligence Agency is able to permanently infect an Apple Mac computer so that even reinstalling the operating system will not erase the bug, according to documents published today by WikiLeaks. In its second release allegedly from the CIA’s arsenal of hacking tools, WikiLeaks also said that it appears the US spy agency has been able since 2008 to insert it bugs onto new and unused iPhones by intervening in Apple’s supply and distribution network. The release follows the initial publication on March 9 by the anti-secrecy group of thousands of pages of instructions band code from what it called the entire CIA arsenal of hacking tools. The documents are generally believed to be genuine, although the CIA has not acknowledged this. The publication of the documents sparked a US counterintelligence investigation into how the documents leaked out from the CIA and made their way to WikiLeaks, with some people pointing fingers at the agency’s use of private subcontractors as a likely source. The newest documents focus on how the CIA targets Apple’s popular personal electronics to spy on users. They show the CIA developed a tool in 2012 called “Sonic Screwdriver” that can hijack an Apple computer’s password-protected boot process from peripheral devices like adapters and USB drives. By doing so, they can inject a undetectable bug deep into the computer’s essential firmware that will not be erased even when the computer is reformatted. The manual for the “NightSkies” bug shows that the CIA developed it in 2008 to be implanted physically in brand new iPhones. Also read: CIA Wikileaks data dump: Reactions from Apple, Samsung, Telegram and others> “While CIA assets are sometimes used to physically infect systems in the custody of a target, it is likely that many CIA physical access attacks have infected the targeted organization’s supply chain including by interdicting mail orders and other shipments,” WikiLeaks said. The documents provide a glimpse into the workings of the CIA. One showed the agency urgently trying to adapt NightSkies to a certain Apple laptop. The agency “has the opportunity to gift a MacBook Air to a target that will be implanted with this tool,” one 2009 document said. “The tool will be a beacon/implant that runs in the background of a MacBook Air that provides us with command and control capabilities.” For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now Tags: Apple WikiLeaks Best of Express Budgam encounter: One militant, three civilians killed; CM urges restraint, Omar calls situation 'alarming' EntertainmentSunil Grover reveals future plans, leaves Kapil Sharma out: 'Tomorrow will be new, yet beautiful'. Read his heartfelt note EntertainmentHalf Girlfriend: Shraddha Kapoor, Arjun Kapoor strike Aashiqui 2 pose. Which one do you like better? EntertainmentAkshay Kumar vs Shah Rukh Khan on Independence Day weekend: Who won in the past when SRK went against Akki? EntertainmentMeri Pyaari Bindu song Maana Ke Hum Yaar Nahi: Parineeti Chopra is a phenomenal singer Must Read SportsOn home tracks, India ride on Vidarbha express SportsNo tons, but regular runs make KL Rahul the hero SportsStreak, tons and wickets: India's season in numbers TechnologySamsung Galaxy S8, S8+ launch: Bixby, Bigger display and other top features TechnologyTruecaller partners with Google Duo, Airtel, ICICI Bank; announces new features TechnologyApple iOS 10.3, watchOS 3.2, macOS 10.12.4 and tvOS 10.2 out: Here's how to install LifestyleShilpa Shetty Kundra on why it's important to take care of your gut Mar 28: Latest News Red beacon order: Mystery ‘notification’ leaves Punjab govt red-faced before it’s pulled out Ajmer: Three houses demolished for new airport, villagers cry foul Elephanta Caves to get a facelift, state approves Rs 344 crore plan Delhi confidential With 6 mega rallies, RSS to ‘support’ largest ever celebration of Ram Navami in state                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Friday, 24 March 2017 | MYT 10:30 AM Apple’s next big thing: augmented reality In the pipeline?: A man using an augmented reality headset at a tech show in France. Apple's AR-enhanced glasses are further down the road, sources say, as getting the product right will be key to its success. — AFP Tim Cook has talked up a lot of technologies since becoming Apple Inc's chief executive in 2011. Driverless cars. Artificial intelligence. Streaming television. But no technology has fired up Cook quite like augmented reality, which overlays images, video and games on the real world.  Cook has likened AR's game-changing potential to that of the smartphone. At some point, he said last year, we will all "have AR experiences every day, almost like eating three meals a day. It will become that much a part of you.”  Investors impatient for Apple's next breakthrough will be happy to know that Cook is very serious about AR. People with knowledge of the company's plans say Apple has embarked on an ambitious bid to bring the technology to the masses – an effort Cook and his team see as the best way for the company to dominate the next generation of gadgetry and keep people wedded to its ecosystem.  Apple has built a team combining the strengths of its hardware and software veterans with the expertise of talented outsiders, say the people, who requested anonymity to discuss internal strategy. Run by a former Dolby Laboratories executive, the group includes engineers who worked on the Oculus and HoloLens virtual reality headsets sold by Facebook and Microsoft as well as digital-effects wizards from Hollywood. Apple has also acquired several small firms with knowledge of AR hardware, 3D gaming and virtual reality software.  As previously reported by Bloomberg, Apple is working on several AR products, including digital spectacles that could connect wirelessly to an iPhone and beam content – movies, maps and more – to the wearer. While the glasses are a ways off, AR features could show up in the iPhone sooner.  Apple declined to comment.  It's an auspicious moment for Apple to move into augmented reality. The global market for AR products will surge 80% to US$165bil (RM730.12bil) by 2024, according to researcher Global Market Insights. But Apple really has no choice, says Gene Munster, a founding partner at Loup Ventures who covered the company for many years as an analyst.  Over time, Munster says, AR devices will replace the iPhone. “It's something they need to do to continue to grow,” he says, “and defend against the shift in how people use hardware.”  Augmented reality is the less known cousin of virtual reality. VR gets more attention because it completely immerses users in an artificial world and has an obvious attraction for gamers. So far, however, headsets like the Oculus and HoloLens are niche rather than mainstream products. Apple believes AR will be an easier sell because it's less intrusive. Referring to VR headsets, Cook last year said he thought few people will want to be “enclosed in something.”  Building a successful AR product will be no easy task, even for a company known for slim, sturdy devices. The current crop of AR glasses are either under-powered and flimsy or powerful and overwhelmingly large. Apple, the king of thin and light, will have to leapfrog current products by launching something small and powerful.  Adding AR features to the iPhone isn't a giant leap. Building glasses will be harder. Like the Watch, they'll probably be tethered to the iPhone. While the smartphone will do the heavy lifting, beaming 3D content to the glasses will consume a lot of power, so prolonging battery life will be crucial.  Content is key too. If Apple's AR glasses lack useful apps, immersive games and interesting media content, why would someone wear them? The glasses will also require a new operating system and perhaps even a new chip. Finally, Apple will have to source the guts of the gadget cheaply enough to make it affordable for the mass market.  When it was developing the Watch, Apple put together a multi-disciplinary team drawn from inside and outside the company. It has done much the same with the AR effort. In 2015, Apple recruited Mike Rockwell, who previously ran the hardware and new technologies groups at Dolby, the iconic company known for its audio and video technology. Rockwell also advised Meta, a small firm that makes US$950 (RM4,203) AR glasses and counts Dolby as an investor.  Rockwell now runs the main AR team at Apple, reporting to Dan Riccio, who's in charge of the iPhone and iPad hardware engineering groups, the people said. “He's a really sharp guy,” says Jack McCauley, who co-founded and worked at Oculus before it was sold to Facebook in 2015. “He could certainly put a team together that could get an Apple AR project going.”   Last spring, in a sign that it's serious about taking products to market, Apple put some of its best hardware and software people on Rockwell's team, including Fletcher Rothkopf – who helped lead the team that designed the Apple Watch – and Tomlinson Holman, who created THX, the audio standard made popular by LucasFilm.  Apple has also recruited people with expertise in everything from 3D video production to wearable hardware. Among them, the people say: Cody White, former lead engineer of Amazon's Lumberyard virtual reality platform; Duncan McRoberts, Meta's former director of software development; Yury Petrov, a former Oculus researcher; and Avi Bar-Zeev, who worked on the HoloLens and Google Earth.   Apple has rounded out the team with iPhone, camera and optical lens engineers. There are people with experience in sourcing the raw materials for the glasses. The company has also mined the movie industry's 3D animation ranks, the people said, opening a Wellington office and luring several employees from Weta Digital, the New Zealand special-effects shop that worked on King Kong, Avatar and other films.   Besides hiring people, Apple has been busy making tactical acquisitions. In 2015, the company acquired Metaio, which developed AR software. Former Metaio CEO Thomas Alt now works on Apple's strategic deals team, which decides which technologies to invest in. Last year, Apple also bought FlyBy Media, which makes AR-related camera software. Cook even visited the offices of Magic Leap last summer and displayed interest in the secretive company's AR technology, the people say. Magic Leap declined to comment.  Hundreds of engineers are now devoted to the cause, including some on the iPhone camera team who are working on AR-related features for the iPhone, according to one of the people. One of the features Apple is exploring is the ability to take a picture and then change the depth of the photograph or the depth of specific objects in the picture later; another would isolate an object in the image, such as a person's head, and allow it to be tilted 180º.  A different feature in development would use augmented reality to place virtual effects and objects on a person, much the way Snapchat works. The iPhone camera features would probably rely on a technology known as depth sensing and use algorithms created by PrimeSense, an Israeli company acquired in 2013. Apple may choose to not roll out these features, but such additions are an up-and-coming trend in the phone business.  The AR-enhanced glasses are further down the road, the people say. Getting the product right will be key, of course. Wearables are hard. Apple's first stab at the category, the Watch, has failed to become a mainstream hit. And no one has forgotten Google Glass, the much-derided headset that bombed in 2014.  Still, time and again, Apple has waited for others to go first and then gone on to dominate the market. “To be successful in AR, there is the hardware piece, but you have to do other stuff too: from maps to social to payments,” Munster says. “Apple is one of the only companies that will be able to pull it off.” — Bloomberg Related Stories You May Be Interested Fujifilm X-T20 and X100F hit store shelves I've found flights for you – your next travel agent is a chatbot Uber resumes self-driving programme three days after Arizona crash Digi spearheads digital learning trend among employees Staying connected through social media Is technology ruining your relationship? Others Also Read 12-hour water cut for pipe works in parts of Butterworth Glow run marks Earth Hour in Kuala Kubu Baru tonight Quest in love with the durian advertisement Latest News Uber to end services in Denmark after less than three years Facebook adds camera features, moving closer to Snapchat Echonet Consortiums of Japan, Malaysia and India sign a partnership agreement Fujifilm X-T20 and X100F hit store shelves Pre-orders for Sony Xperia XZs and XA1 start today Most Viewed in Tech Uber to end services in Denmark after less than three years Pre-orders for Sony Xperia XZs and XA1 start today Samsung to sell refurbished Galaxy Note 7 smartphones Fujifilm X-T20 and X100F hit store shelves Workflow app is free to download after Apple acquisition Facebook adds camera features, moving closer to Snapchat Stephen Hawking appears as hologram in Hong Kong Elon Musk's new company could allow uploading, downloading thoughts Echonet Consortiums of Japan, Malaysia and India sign a partnership agreement Facebook Messenger gets mentions and reactions, including a 'dislike' button Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
RocketNews24 Bringing you yesterday's news from Japan and Asia, today. RocketNews24 Japanese TOP » Japan » Starbucks Japan brings out Shaken Apple Green Tea for a limited time Featured Weird Studio Ghibli Jobs Starbucks Japan brings out Shaken Apple Green Tea for a limited time Oona McGee 5 days ago Tweet We try the delectable new drink that’s so exclusive it’s only available in four of the country’s prefectures. Starbucks Japan often makes news around the country for its awesome lineup of amazing Frappuccino releases, but every now and then they like to shake up the menu with a brand new surprise that nobody expects, and that’s exactly what they did this week with the Shaken Apple Green Tea. As soon as we heard about the new beverage, we dropped everything and headed out the door to our nearest Starbucks. Over the years, our Japanese-language reporters had often talked about a legendary Shaken Lemon Green Tea that Starbucks brought out ten years ago, so the news of an apple version had everyone’s tastebuds salivating in the office. ▼ As soon as we arrived at Starbucks, we saw what lay in store for us as the delectable green drink was proudly advertised at the counter as their star original beverage. While ordering the drink, we asked the store clerk whether this was in fact a revival of the Shaken Lemon Green Tea from the Starbucks 2006 summer menu, but they seemed to have no idea about what we were talking about, saying they had no recollection of such a drink. Luckily, we had one of our trusty Japanese-language reporters on hand to help us get to the bottom of this tantalising drink mystery. We sat down to taste the good-looking green drink, which is simply made with apple juice and a spoonful of powdered green tea. Each drink is individually shaken by hand before serving, to allow the ingredients to combine evenly, creating a smooth, icy beverage ideal for quenching the thirst on a hot day. Despite there still being a chill in the air at this time of the year, we were happy to discover that the drink was surprisingly delicious! Each sip filled our mouths with the sweet flavour of fresh apple, before rounding off with the refreshing aftertaste of good-quality green tea. According to our Japanese-language reporter, the drink was on par with the legendary Shaken Lemon Green Tea from ten years ago. While that one had a tart, tangy flavour ideal for summer, the apple version was well-suited to the transitional months between a cold winter and warm spring, thanks to its sweeter, mellower flavour. Unlike the previous version, however, which was available around the country, this beverage has a much more exclusive run, as it’s only available at Starbucks outlets in Tokyo, Kanagawa, Chiba, and Saitama Prefectures. The drink is available in a tall size for 432 yen (US$3.88), including tax, and will be available for a limited, though unspecified time, so be sure to pop by a participating outlet to try one before they disappear into the ranks of longed-for legendary Starbucks beverages! Related: Starbucks Shaken Apple Green Tea, Starbucks Shaken Lemon Green Tea Photos © RocketNews24 [ Read in Japanese ] Rate this: Like this: Like Loading... Japan (apples • drinks • green tea • limited edition • matcha • Starbucks • tea) Related Stories New illy matcha coffee drinks combine green tea with espresso for a limited time Lindt Japan brings out matcha iced drinks for a limited time Starbucks to release Almond Milk Latte and Frappuccino in Japan for a limited time Starbucks Japan’s new Nectarine Frappuccinos – Are they peachy keen? 【Taste test】 Starbucks Japan releases new limited edition Caramel Latte with Waffle Cone flavour powered by newzia connect Now you can make your own Poké Ball … in chocolate! New Studio Ghibli tea collection includes tea sourced from Totoro’s real-life forest in Japan! Comments () Trackbacks (0) Leave a Reply Trackbacks There are no trackbacks yet. Trackback URL Trending Now How to travel from one end of Japan to the other by train for less than 25 bucks 25views Japanese company offers a “little sister rental” service, and our reporter just tried it out 16views Kyoto University students let loose at cosplay graduation ceremony【Photos】 14views “Nurse Sticking Scissors in Her Mouth” and other photos from Japan’s craziest free image website 14views Osaka convenience store asks customers to muffle their “buree-buree” sounds while in the toilet 9views Quite possibly the greatest food bargain in Japan: tasty convenience store pasta for less than a buck 6views Learn kanji with the magical power of poop! 6views Octopus balls become octopus planets with amazing tweak to takoyaki recipe 5views Spirited Away No Face piggy bank is the Studio Ghibli merchandise we all need to have right now 4views Japanese artist reimagines chess pieces as sexy line of lingerie 4views Now you can make your own Poké Ball … in chocolate! New Studio Ghibli tea collection includes tea sourced from Totoro’s real-life forest in Japan! MOST POPULAR Now Weekly Monthly Yearly Now How to travel from one end of Japan to the other by train for less than 25 bucks1 Japanese company offers a “little sister rental” service, and our reporter just tried it out2 Kyoto University students let loose at cosplay graduation ceremony【Photos】3 “Nurse Sticking Scissors in Her Mouth” and other photos from Japan’s craziest free image website4 Osaka convenience store asks customers to muffle their “buree-buree” sounds while in the toilet5 Quite possibly the greatest food bargain in Japan: tasty convenience store pasta for less than a buck6 Learn kanji with the magical power of poop!7 Octopus balls become octopus planets with amazing tweak to takoyaki recipe8 Spirited Away No Face piggy bank is the Studio Ghibli merchandise we all need to have right now9 Japanese artist reimagines chess pieces as sexy line of lingerie10 Weekly How to travel from one end of Japan to the other by train for less than 25 bucks1 Japanese artist reimagines chess pieces as sexy line of lingerie2 Japanese tourists in flu masks frighten British supermarket shoppers3 New Sailor Moon fashion lineup is stylish, cute, and, shockingly, actually affordable!【Photos】4 Beautiful Thai nurse is making men everywhere want to go to hospital【Photos】5 Japanese company offers a “little sister rental” service, and our reporter just tried it out6 Japanese retailer sells out of virgin-killing sweaters in less than a day7 Osaka convenience store asks customers to muffle their “buree-buree” sounds while in the toilet8 Kyoto police set up system to predict when and where crimes will happen9 Twitter debate erupts over Japanese book that shows man with Asperger’s refusing to work overtime10 Monthly Busty Japanese model Jun Amaki bounces onto the virgin-killing sweater bandwagon【Video, photos】1 Kanagawa man’s body found one month after death in a six-ton pile of erotic magazines2 Spirited Away No Face piggy bank is the Studio Ghibli merchandise we all need to have right now3 Male teacher in China cosplays as female characters, gets discovered by his own student4 W.T.F. Japan: Top 5 steps to immigrate to Japan 【Weird Top Five】5 Golden retriever watches his human until he falls asleep for the most heart-wrenching reason6 Japanese cosplayer shows ingenious way to fake muscles using silicone push-up bras7 Tokyo’s giant Gundam statue dismantled in anime-like scene that’s warming the hearts of fans8 Jaw-dropping Japanese “sea of clouds” is a great reason to visit Tokyo’s northern neighbor9 Male cosplayer’s virgin-killing sweater photos have Japanese Internet enthralled all over again10 Yearly Anime artist dad turns young sons’ sketches into awesome animation character designs1 Japan’s new luxury overnight bus is the conveniently classy way to get from Tokyo to Osaka2 Busty Japanese model Jun Amaki bounces onto the virgin-killing sweater bandwagon【Video, photos】3 Permanent residency in Japan now possible after just one year4 Kanagawa man’s body found one month after death in a six-ton pile of erotic magazines5 Spirited Away No Face piggy bank is the Studio Ghibli merchandise we all need to have right now6 Forget maid cafes! Lift weights and get jacked with cute girls at a MAID GYM instead【Video】7 Japanese fashion fans and fan artists go gaga for sexy “virgin-killing sweater”8 Male teacher in China cosplays as female characters, gets discovered by his own student9 Want to make sure your Eevee evolves into Umbreon or Espeon in the Pokémon GO update? Here’s how10 RECOMMENDED STORIES Tully’s Japan reveals new lineup of sakura cherry blossom beverages, sweets and drinkware With autumn nearly here, we skip the beach and head to Starbucks for new caramel beverages We try coffee with cheese and wine pairings at a stylish new Starbucks cafe in Tokyo Japan gets Häagen-Dazs Purple Potato ice cream for a limited time New matcha Pocky from Japan is a heavenly treat for green tea lovers Starbucks Japan releases new Golden Maple Candy Walnut Frappuccino with sweet dipping sticks Starbucks Japan releases their first ever creamy fruit tea Frappuccino Starbucks Japan reveals holiday season drinkware and Christmas Frappuccinos Honey, granola and soy — a match made in Starbucks Roppongi! Drink Green! We check out the amazing “Green Tea Party” presented by Isetan and Ito En! 【Pics】 Matcha green tea meets strawberries in Japan-exclusive drinks from The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf Kyoto tea store collaborates with local winemaker to create deliciously green matcha white wine Starbucks Japan reveals its final Frappuccino releases for 2016 New Häagen-Dazs Green Tea Fondue Crispy Sandwich is absolute heaven for matcha lovers! New Frappuccino from Starbucks Japan to offer a piece of melon heaven! CategoriesCategories Select Category Africa  (37) Anime & Manga  (192) Art  (67) Australia  (33) C America  (11) C Asia  (20) Canada  (51) Cats  (73) China  (1,508) Culture  (186) Cute  (192) Entertainment  (256) Europe  (355) FN24  (1) Food & Drink  (298) Games & Tech  (169) Global  (1,273) India  (5) Internet  (3,038) Italy  (10) Japan  (16,673) Korea  (505) Lifestyle  (76) Mexico  (1) Music  (11) N Asia  (9) New Zealand  (8) News  (63) North Korea  (77) Oceania  (11) Russia  (93) S America  (37) S Asia  (74) SE Asia  (443) Space  (3) Taiwan  (262) Uncategorized  (19) USA  (743) W Asia  (28) Archives Archives Select Month March 2017  (220) February 2017  (218) January 2017  (257) December 2016  (271) November 2016  (276) October 2016  (319) September 2016  (413) August 2016  (361) July 2016  (388) June 2016  (388) May 2016  (324) April 2016  (354) March 2016  (424) February 2016  (395) January 2016  (384) December 2015  (378) November 2015  (393) October 2015  (452) September 2015  (451) August 2015  (396) July 2015  (440) June 2015  (439) May 2015  (397) April 2015  (410) March 2015  (421) February 2015  (427) January 2015  (448) December 2014  (414) November 2014  (428) October 2014  (468) September 2014  (409) August 2014  (435) July 2014  (403) June 2014  (446) May 2014  (448) April 2014  (441) March 2014  (433) February 2014  (383) January 2014  (366) December 2013  (320) November 2013  (349) October 2013  (357) September 2013  (317) August 2013  (359) July 2013  (314) June 2013  (324) May 2013  (337) April 2013  (258) March 2013  (235) February 2013  (166) January 2013  (194) December 2012  (203) November 2012  (241) October 2012  (252) September 2012  (201) August 2012  (163) July 2012  (113) June 2012  (107) May 2012  (100) April 2012  (100) March 2012  (92) February 2012  (65) January 2012  (59) December 2011  (50) November 2011  (44) October 2011  (31) September 2011  (19) August 2011  (16) July 2011  (9) June 2011  (29) May 2011  (27) April 2011  (37) March 2011  (27) February 2011  (3) December 2010  (2) November 2010  (1) February 2009  (2) January 2009  (1) Follow via email Enter your email address to follow RocketNews24 and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 370,161 other followers Featured Partners Buzzfeed GIZMODO Japan Today Foodbeast Weird Asia News Tully’s Japan reveals new lineup of sakura cherry blossom beverages, sweets and drinkware With autumn nearly here, we skip the beach and head to Starbucks for new caramel beverages Follow RocketNews24 Follow @RocketNews24En About Us | Jobs | Contact | Contribution | Partner with US © RocketNews24 / SOCIO CORPORATION About Us | Jobs | Contact | Contribution | Post to Cancel %d bloggers like this:
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Seattle tunnel machine Bertha is just days from breaking through to complete long journey Study: Parents say Pokémon Go leads to more quality time with children, among other benefits Live Video: Watch Richard Branson’s excellent entrepreneurial adventure in Seattle How 1,200 volunteers on Slack are saving democracy, one data set at a time GeekWire Calendar Picks: Meet the VC who ditched the Bay Area for Seattle; Feature Friday gets a new name; and more BMW’s ReachNow car-sharing service launches new ‘Corporate Fleet’ at Seattle office tower Amazon finally unveils grocery pickup service — but it’s only for employees at first Amazon Web Services jumps into call-center market with new ‘Amazon Connect’ service ‘Uber for car repair’ startup Wrench raises $4M for peer-to-peer marketplace Amazon wins bidding for Souq.com, announces deal to acquire Middle East e-commerce giant Cloud and IoT disruption driving the most demand and best pay in new survey of tech salaries Paul Allen’s airplane showcase expands, rebrands as Flying Heritage & Combat Armor Museum Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Former Clinton advisor on why the U.S. needs to promote entrepreneurship in developing countries Emoji update to include 69 new images: breastfeeding woman, zombie, steak and more How this legal software startup used its funding round to support legal aid under Trump budget cuts Public cloud could become a utility like electricity, lifting AWS, Azure and others, Morgan Stanley says Elon Musk reportedly backs Neuralink venture to connect brains with computers Amazon keeps adding pop-up stores in malls across U.S. as it expands physical presence 170,000 burger fans cast votes online for next Dick’s Drive-In location, and the winner is … Bill Gates and Paul Allen had a business before Microsoft, and this engineer was their partner Uber GM says service may leave Seattle if landmark union law is implemented Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Seattle to Portland in 15 minutes? Pacific Hyperloop begins campaign to make it so This Week in Seattle: Uber’s uncertain future, South Lake Union upzone, and more stuff you should know Twitter starts using IBM’s Watson technology to help identify bullies who tweet Why Alaska Airlines is killing off the Virgin America brand – and boosting perks Reports point to caution signals for Amazon Go checkout-free store 170,000 burger fans cast votes online for next Dick’s Drive-In location, and the winner is … Jump in Seattle’s median home value and rental price among fastest in the country, Zillow reports SpaceX’s Elon Musk isn’t smiling over NASA authorization for Mars missions Adobe unveils new Microsoft HoloLens and Amazon Alexa integrations Elon Musk reportedly backs Neuralink venture to connect brains with computers Amazon Prime Air delivery drone drops off sunscreen during semi-public U.S. debut Amazon Web Services jumps into call-center market with new ‘Amazon Connect’ service The secret science of your office space: How architects are using neuroscience to make workers healthier and more productive Starbucks teams up with Ford and Amazon to allow in-car orders via Alexa Microsoft outage: Office 365, Xbox Live, Outlook, and more suffer account sign-in issues Pop culture powerhouse Funko to open giant flagship store in new Everett headquarters building Public cloud could become a utility like electricity, lifting AWS, Azure and others, Morgan Stanley says Trending: Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Starbucks to roll out social gifting feature for Apple Messages with Apple Pay integration by Taylor Soper on March 22, 2017 at 11:54 amMarch 22, 2017 at 5:46 pm Comments   Share  15 Tweet Share  68 Reddit Email Early-bird tix on sale for the GeekWire Awards! Starbucks chief technology officer Gerri Martin-Flickinger announces the new Apple Messages social gifting integration at the company’s shareholders meeting on Wednesday in Seattle. (GeekWire photo/Kevin Lisota) Starbucks wants to make it easier for Apple users to send coffee and food to one another. The Seattle company announced Wednesday a new feature that allows people to send Starbucks gifts within Apple’s Messages app and with Apple Pay. Starting in April, customers will be able to send and receive gift cards through iMessage on an iPhone or iPad. Users pay for the gift via Apple Pay, and the recipient can redeem the credit from their device when making a purchase. Starbucks users can already do this via the Starbucks app, but now it’s possible to do the same from iMessage. Starbucks Chief Technology Officer Gerri Martin-Flickinger made the announcement on stage at the company’s annual shareholders meeting in Seattle. She showed a demo of one co-worker giving a fellow colleague a Starbucks gift card, all from within the iMessage app. “We are driving these types of solutions all over the world,” she noted. Starbucks chief technology officer Gerri Martin-Flickinger. (GeekWire photo/Kevin Lisota) Starbucks did something similar this past December when it enabled social gifting within China’s popular WeChat app that is used by more than 800 million monthly active users. Incoming Starbucks CEO Kevin Johnson said today that in the first six weeks of the WeChat integration, the company has seen more than 1.2 million Starbucks transactions via the social gifting platform. Starbucks Chairman hands the “keys to the company” to incoming CEO Kevin Johnson at the annual shareholders meeting on Wednesday in Seattle. (GeekWire photo/Kevin Lisota) Starbucks’ China Digital Vice President Molly Liu also spoke at the shareholders meeting and talked about the company’s social gifting feature in China, which is Starbucks’ fastest growing market. She showed an example of her son gifting her a coffee via WeChat so that she could recover from jet lag. Last year, Starbucks enabled a feature within Microsoft Outlook to let people purchase and send Starbucks gift cards via email. Starbucks continues to push forward with new features that allow people to buy coffee and food from their devices, both with its own app — Mobile Order & Pay is now used by 3 million people — and third party platforms. On Wednesday it announced that Ford vehicles equipped with its SYNC3 voice-activated technology will be able to order from Starbucks by saying, “Alexa, ask Starbucks to start my order,” utilizing Amazon’s voice platform. The company also continues to roll out a feature on its mobile app called “My Starbucks Barista,” which uses artificial intelligence and chatbots to let people order food and drink. The service is now available to more than 100,000 customers across the U.S. Taylor Soper is a GeekWire staff reporter who covers a wide variety of tech assignments, including emerging startups in Seattle and Portland, the sharing economy and the intersection of technology and sports. Follow him @taylor_soper and email taylor@geekwire.com. Comments Share  15 Tweet Share  68 Reddit Email Previous StoryTech Moves: Crowd Cow adds Julep and Blue Nile vet as COO; VRstudios gets a new CEO; and more Next StoryGeared Up: Apple tweaks iPad lineup, unveils new Clips app, and introduces Red iPhone Filed Under: Apple  Tagged With: Apple • iMessage • Starbucks GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Starbucks in your email: Coffee giant working on Microsoft Outlook add-in for meeting scheduling and gift cards Starbucks teams up with Ford and Amazon to allow in-car orders via Alexa New Starbucks CTO: Technology is creating ‘hyper-connected’ coffee shops, personalized for each customer Coffee from a chatbot: Starbucks unveils ‘My Starbucks Barista’ AI technology for mobile orders Previous StoryTech Moves: Crowd Cow adds Julep and Blue Nile vet as COO; VRstudios gets a new CEO; and more Next StoryGeared Up: Apple tweaks iPad lineup, unveils new Clips app, and introduces Red iPhone Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Sleep soundly with this crazy-soft sheet set GeekWire Deals: Master design industry favorites Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, and Premiere Pro Most Popular on GeekWire Bill Gates and Paul Allen had a business before Microsoft, and this engineer was their partner Uber GM says service may leave Seattle if landmark union law is implemented Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Seattle to Portland in 15 minutes? Pacific Hyperloop begins campaign to make it so Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Software EngineerCode.org Marketing ManagerAnswerDash Site Reliability Engineer – Data SystemsOfferUp A Word From Our Sponsors GeekWire Memberships: Sign up today! Learn more and become a GeekWire Member today. Condos a go-go: Burrard Group and Realogics Sotheby’s International Realty sell more than $200 million in units during debut weekend of NEXUS Tower Read More Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More GeekWire Bash: The ultimate geek carnival is almost here! Get your tickets today! GeekWire Memberships: Sign up today! Learn more and become a GeekWire Member today. Condos a go-go: Burrard Group and Realogics Sotheby’s International Realty sell more than $200 million in units during debut weekend of NEXUS Tower Read More Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More GeekWire Bash: The ultimate geek carnival is almost here! Get your tickets today! Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Seattle tunnel machine Bertha is just days from breaking through to complete long journey Study: Parents say Pokémon Go leads to more quality time with children, among other benefits Live Video: Watch Richard Branson’s excellent entrepreneurial adventure in Seattle How 1,200 volunteers on Slack are saving democracy, one data set at a time GeekWire Calendar Picks: Meet the VC who ditched the Bay Area for Seattle; Feature Friday gets a new name; and more BMW’s ReachNow car-sharing service launches new ‘Corporate Fleet’ at Seattle office tower Amazon finally unveils grocery pickup service — but it’s only for employees at first Amazon Web Services jumps into call-center market with new ‘Amazon Connect’ service ‘Uber for car repair’ startup Wrench raises $4M for peer-to-peer marketplace Amazon wins bidding for Souq.com, announces deal to acquire Middle East e-commerce giant Cloud and IoT disruption driving the most demand and best pay in new survey of tech salaries Paul Allen’s airplane showcase expands, rebrands as Flying Heritage & Combat Armor Museum Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Former Clinton advisor on why the U.S. needs to promote entrepreneurship in developing countries Emoji update to include 69 new images: breastfeeding woman, zombie, steak and more How this legal software startup used its funding round to support legal aid under Trump budget cuts Public cloud could become a utility like electricity, lifting AWS, Azure and others, Morgan Stanley says Elon Musk reportedly backs Neuralink venture to connect brains with computers Amazon keeps adding pop-up stores in malls across U.S. as it expands physical presence 170,000 burger fans cast votes online for next Dick’s Drive-In location, and the winner is … Bill Gates and Paul Allen had a business before Microsoft, and this engineer was their partner Uber GM says service may leave Seattle if landmark union law is implemented Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Seattle to Portland in 15 minutes? Pacific Hyperloop begins campaign to make it so This Week in Seattle: Uber’s uncertain future, South Lake Union upzone, and more stuff you should know Twitter starts using IBM’s Watson technology to help identify bullies who tweet Why Alaska Airlines is killing off the Virgin America brand – and boosting perks Reports point to caution signals for Amazon Go checkout-free store 170,000 burger fans cast votes online for next Dick’s Drive-In location, and the winner is … Jump in Seattle’s median home value and rental price among fastest in the country, Zillow reports SpaceX’s Elon Musk isn’t smiling over NASA authorization for Mars missions Adobe unveils new Microsoft HoloLens and Amazon Alexa integrations Elon Musk reportedly backs Neuralink venture to connect brains with computers Amazon Prime Air delivery drone drops off sunscreen during semi-public U.S. debut Amazon Web Services jumps into call-center market with new ‘Amazon Connect’ service The secret science of your office space: How architects are using neuroscience to make workers healthier and more productive Starbucks teams up with Ford and Amazon to allow in-car orders via Alexa Microsoft outage: Office 365, Xbox Live, Outlook, and more suffer account sign-in issues Pop culture powerhouse Funko to open giant flagship store in new Everett headquarters building Public cloud could become a utility like electricity, lifting AWS, Azure and others, Morgan Stanley says Trending: Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air GeekWire Podcasts Geared Up: Apple tweaks iPad lineup, unveils new Clips app, and introduces Red iPhone by Clare McGrane on March 22, 2017 at 12:07 pmMarch 22, 2017 at 1:22 pm Comments   Share  2 Tweet Share  3 Reddit Email Early-bird tix on sale for the GeekWire Awards! Sponsored by GeekWire airs on KIRO Radio in Seattle (97.3 FM) at 8 p.m. Saturdays and 1 p.m. Sundays. Get every episode using this RSS feed, or subscribe in iTunes, SoundCloud and Stitcher. Apple came out with a flurry of announcements this week — unveiling a cheaper 9.7-inch iPad, more storage in the iPad mini 4, a new (Product) Red iPhone, a Snapchat-like app called Clips, and new Apple Watch bands. But is there any significant news among the new product announcements? And why did Apple choose to unleash them on a Tuesday at the end of March? On this week’s episode of Geared Up, the weekly tech and gadget podcast from GeekWire and Gear Live, we take a closer look at all the new devices and features announced this week and speculate about what Apple could be up to longer term. Hear GeekWire’s Todd Bishop geek out over the new Clips app, which he predicts will be popular with the kids. Gear Live’s Andru Edwards isn’t so impressed, but he does like the look of the new Red iPhone. And they both agree that some of the other features are head-scratchers. Plus, Andru gives us some promised tips and tricks for getting more storage on the Xbox One and all the ports you’ll ever need on the new MacBook Pro. Listen to the show above or download it as an MP3, and watch the behind the scenes video at the top of the post to see more of the fun.  GeekWire airs on KIRO Radio in Seattle (97.3 FM) at 8 p.m. Saturdays and 1 p.m. Sundays, except when pre-empted by live sports. The show runs every weekend on GeekWire.com. Get every episode using this RSS feed, or subscribe in iTunes, SoundCloud and Stitcher. Sponsor Post This podcast brought to you by Wealth Simple, the smart and simple way to invest in Future You. GeekWire listeners and readers get their first $10,000 of investments with no management fees for 2 years, at wealthsimple.com/geekwire. More Podcast The Week in Geek: How Starbucks and Amazon are becoming more alike What’s really happening with tech funding: A conversation with EY’s Greg Beams The Week in Geek: AmazonFresh Pickup, a world without Uber, and Xbox 360 at the Supreme Court Clare McGrane is a GeekWire reporter who covers life sciences, biotechnology and general assignment technology stories, in addition to producing the GeekWire radio show and podcast. A graduate of the University of Washington, she is passionate about nonfiction storytelling, particularly stories about how science impacts our daily lives. Reach her at clare@geekwire.com and follow her @claremcgrane. Comments Share  2 Tweet Share  3 Reddit Email Previous StoryStarbucks to roll out social gifting feature for Apple Messages with Apple Pay integration Next StoryGaming gets a bedside boost with donation of 10 Xbox GO Karts to aid patients at Seattle hospital Filed Under: Geared Up • Podcast  Tagged With: Apple • Apple Watch • GearedUp • iPad • iPhone • MacBook Pro • Product Red • xbox one GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Super Mario Run: Tips, tricks and takeaways for Nintendo’s first Mario game for iOS Apple goes small: 4-inch iPhone SE and smaller iPad Pro unveiled at media event Apple’s new millennial-minded ‘Clips’ video-editing app could be a game-changer Last-Minute Holiday Tech Gift Guide with Andru Edwards of GearLive Previous StoryStarbucks to roll out social gifting feature for Apple Messages with Apple Pay integration Next StoryGaming gets a bedside boost with donation of 10 Xbox GO Karts to aid patients at Seattle hospital Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Sleep soundly with this crazy-soft sheet set GeekWire Deals: Master design industry favorites Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, and Premiere Pro Most Popular on GeekWire Bill Gates and Paul Allen had a business before Microsoft, and this engineer was their partner Uber GM says service may leave Seattle if landmark union law is implemented Richard Branson has warm words for Seattle, cold criticism for Alaska Air Seattle to Portland in 15 minutes? Pacific Hyperloop begins campaign to make it so Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Software EngineerCode.org Marketing ManagerAnswerDash Site Reliability Engineer – Data SystemsOfferUp × Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers A Word From Our Sponsors GeekWire Memberships: Sign up today! Learn more and become a GeekWire Member today. Condos a go-go: Burrard Group and Realogics Sotheby’s International Realty sell more than $200 million in units during debut weekend of NEXUS Tower Read More Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More GeekWire Bash: The ultimate geek carnival is almost here! Get your tickets today! GeekWire Memberships: Sign up today! Learn more and become a GeekWire Member today. Condos a go-go: Burrard Group and Realogics Sotheby’s International Realty sell more than $200 million in units during debut weekend of NEXUS Tower Read More Are Your Product Launches Predictable? Learn more about reducing risk in your next project. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More GeekWire Bash: The ultimate geek carnival is almost here! Get your tickets today! Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
NDTV Business Hindi Movies Cricket Good Times Food Tech Auto Apps Prime Art Weddings Sections Home | World COMMENTS Sections Live TV Videos Latest India Elections Opinion Cities World Sports Photos Schedule Trends OffBeat People Health Indians Abroad South Cheat Sheet Voices Forums Weather News Alerts The CIA May Have Hacked iPhones And Macs Before They Even Got To Customers, But Probably Not Yours World | © 2017 The Washington Post | Hayley Tsukayama, The Washington Post | Updated: March 24, 2017 14:10 IST 14 Shares EMAIL PRINT COMMENTS WikiLeaks said that it appears, CIA has been able to insert its bug onto iPhones and Macs. WikiLeaks claimed Thursday that the CIA had found a way to intercept and hack into Apple iPhones just a year after the company's smartphone hit the market. The group also claimed that the CIA was able to infect Mac computers. But it's very unlikely that your iPhone or Mac was affected, experts say. Apple said that its preliminary assessment of the WikiLeaks documents show that the "alleged iPhone vulnerability affected iPhone 3G only and was fixed in 2009 when iPhone 3GS was released." The company also said that the alleged Mac exploits described by WikiLeaks were fixed in all Macs launched after 2013. The CIA referred The Post to an earlier statement that declined to comment on the accuracy of the WikiLeaks information, but denounced disclosures "designed to damage the Intelligence Community's ability to protect America against terrorists and other adversaries." The documents offer a rare glimpse into the world of modern espionage, said Jeff Pollard, a security and risk analyst at Forrester Research. For Apple and other companies, he said, it also shows that it's very difficult to secure their products all the way from their factories to their customers. "The most concerning part of this is that it highlights that it doesn't matter how secure you keep a device," he said. "You have to understand that there could also be something that gets delivered to you in a device that you purchased." According to WikiLeaks, the documents allege that, as far back as 2008, the CIA was able to install software on iPhones before they were shipped to their intended owners. There's no evidence of tampering done at Apple's factories, experts said. The documents also purportedly show that the CIA found a way to install software on Macs that could not be removed, even if a user were to reinstall their operating system. There is a specific mention of the CIA trying to intercept a laptop that it knew was being given to someone as a gift to plant its malware. Both methods require physical access to the devices. There is no evidence in the documents that the CIA used these methods on a broad scale. Experts who examined the documents said there is little chance that the average consumer - particularly in the United States, given the CIA's foreign focus - would have been affected by these attacks, said Will Strafach, a noted iPhone security expert and co-founder of Verify.ly, a mobile app intelligence service. It's also unlikely that anyone could look at these documents now and design a similar hack, he said. "It's too old. And even if it wasn't too old, it requires you to get to a device that is en route to somebody specific," he said. The release of these documents follow a similar disclosure from WikiLeaks earlier this month, which allegedly outlined a suite of hacking tools used by the CIA that target smartphones, cars and televisions. The group has said that it will work with technology companies to help patch flaws exploited by the CIA's hacking tools, but offered few details on how such a partnership would work, Reuters reported. Apple said that it has not "negotiated with WikiLeaks for any information" and has instructed the organization to submit information though its normal processes. "Thus far, we have not received any information from them that isn't in the public domain," the company's statement said. "We are tireless defenders of our users' security and privacy, but we do not condone theft or coordinate with those that threaten to harm our users." (This story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Trending Sports: Aussies Aren't Friends Anymore, Says Virat Kohli After Stormy Series Gadgets: Samsung Galaxy S8: Everything We Know Ahead of Wednesday's Launch Profit: Indian-American CEO Of Silicon Valley Firm Charged For Alleged H-1B Fraud Related Now, Buy An iPhone For Rs 1,999 Under Flipkart's Exchange Offer Truecaller Announces Google Duo Video Calling Integration in App iOS 10.3 Update Brings Cricket Scores, Find My AirPods, and More to iPhones, iPads Nawaz Sharif 'Celebrated Holi Festival To Please The Indian Government', Says Hafiz Saeed's Brother-In-Law North Korea Can Conduct Nuclear Test Any Time, Warns South Korea Share this story on 14 Shares ALSO READDon't Upset China: Assam Terror Group ULFA's Message To Dalai Lama WikileaksJulian AssangeCIAApple iPhoneHackingbugCIA Hacks ................................ Advertisement ................................ Quick LinksLive Cricket ScoreMachineTrappedAnaarkali Of AarahPhillauriAndy Rubin New Phone ................................ Advertisement ................................ '5,000-Strong Crowd Came With Weapons': A Gujarat Village, Seared Mulayam Singh Cancels Dinner After Party MLAs Told They Can't Attend Rajdhani Passengers Protest Over Food. Thanks, Says Babul Supriyo 'Not In India's Best Interests': What Drew This Warning By Chinese Media RSS News Alerts Mobile Apps Apple Android Windows Facebook Twitter Google + LinkedIn About Us Archives Advertise Feedback Disclaimer Investor Complaint Redressal Ombudsman Careers Service Terms Channel Distribution © Copyright NDTV Convergence Limited 2017. All rights reserved. Tweet Add to Flipboard Magazine.
menu Sections Tuesday, March 28, 2017 search Today's Paper insert_drive_file Close   INQUIRER.NET NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION USA & CANADA POP ESPORTS BANDERA CDN PBA MOTIONCARS INQSHOP MY INQUIRER ADVERTISE menu search NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION technology / Tech News share this Apple brings clarity to iPad offer AFP Relaxnews / 11:08 AM March 24, 2017 The 2017 iPad range has three categories: iPad mini, iPad and iPad Pro. Image: Apple via AFP Relaxnews Apple’s latest iPad—replacing the iPad Air 2—is a relatively inexpensive 9.7-inch tablet that bridges the gap between the compact iPad mini and the high-end iPad Pro. Splitting the iPad offer into three distinct categories makes Apple’s tablet offer clearer and easier for consumers to understand, which hasn’t always been the case. The original iPad launched in 2010, riding high on the success of Apple’s iPhone smartphone. This 9.7-inch (1024 x 768 pixels) touchscreen tablet was essentially based on the same principle as the phone but came without call capabilities. It ran the same operating system (iOS) and offered users the same selection of applications, although many weren’t initially compatible with the new format. The iPad was released in the United States on April 3, in Wi-Fi and Wi-Fi/3G versions, before progressively conquering the rest of the world. In 2012, the third-generation iPad brought a high-resolution “Retina” display, which is now the norm across the brand’s tablet range. In November 2012, Apple presented the iPad mini, a more compact and affordable take on the touchscreen tablet. This 7.9-inch slate brought Apple in line with tough new competitors like Google (Nexus 7) and Amazon (Kindle Fire), in the increasingly popular market for small-format devices. The iPad mini also came with a more affordable price tag, starting at $329. ADVERTISEMENT Then in 2015 came the iPad Pro, with a larger screen size (12.9 inches), boosted performances and an accompanying stylus. Thanks to the A9X processor, Apple billed the tablet as a head-on rival for certain PCs, especially when paired with its various accessories (a keyboard and a stylus, sold separately). The iPad Pro also now comes in a 9.7-inch version, still promising more powerful performances than the newest standard iPad model. As always with Apple, price is above all determined by internal storage capacity. The cheapest model in the firm’s current tablet range is the new iPad, in its 32GB Wi-Fi version, starting at $329. At the top-end, 32GB versions of the iPad Pro start at $500 for the 9.7-inch model and $799 for the 12.9-inch model. The iPad mini 4 is now only available with 128GB of storage, which explains its slightly higher retail price (from $399) over the new iPad. All models are available in Wi-Fi or Wi-Fi+ cellular versions. Although global tablet sales have been declining since 2015, Apple CEO Tim Cook is still highly optimistic about the future of the iPad. He hopes to continue positioning high-end models as credible alternatives to PCs. JB RELATED STORY: Latest Apple iPad is cheapest iPad to date play_circle_filled Nintendo Switch console goes on sale in strategy reboot March 05, 2017 play_circle_filled New wave of robots set to deliver the goods February 05, 2017 play_circle_filled Nintendo reboots with new Switch game console January 15, 2017 play_circle_filled Avatar-style South Korean manned robot takes first baby steps January 04, 2017 TAGS: Apple iPad, Apple Ipad 2, Apple iPad Pro, iPad mini, Tim Cook For feedback, complaints, or inquiries, contact us. INQUIRER.net Follow @inquirerdotnet TRENDING globalnation Jail, fine for Singapore couple who starved Filipina maid March 27, 2017 newsinfo CHR exec says killings not state-sponsored March 28, 2017 opinion Duterte also proven to have US passport March 27, 2017 entertainment Aljur Abrenica owes veteran broadcaster P1.3M, still unpaid for years March 27, 2017 newsinfo We have no fear, says hit man in drug war March 28, 2017 Disclaimer: Comments do not represent the views of INQUIRER.net. We reserve the right to exclude comments which are inconsistent with our editorial standards. FULL DISCLAIMER share this The Inquirer Channels News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Business Opinion Global Nation Services Sitemap Mobile RSS Email Us Archive Contact Us Advertise News Letter Job Openings The Inquirer Company About INQUIRER.net About the INQUIRER User Agreement Link Policy Privacy Policy Article Index Partners Hinge Inquirer Bandera Cebu Daily News DZIQ990 AM Motion Cars PBA PesoPay IIDM © Copyright 1997-2016 INQUIRER.net | All Rights Reserved
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Wednesday, March 29, 2017 As of 6:58 AM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video LifeGaming Wikileaks details CIA's iPhone hacks - Here's Apple's response By Ana Peters on March 24 2017 2:18 PM 0 0 0 0 A sales assistant shows features of iOS 9 on an Apple iPhone 6 at an Apple reseller shop in Bangkok, September 18, 2015. Reuters/Chaiwat Subprasom Dark Matter, the latest documents from WikiLeaks' Vault 7, claims that factory fresh iPhones have been bugged by the CIA since 2008. The information affirms that the government agency created a malware designed to maneuver past Apple's security mechanisms.  The dump revealed the manuals for implants and rootkits that can be embedded at the most hidden level of the Apple system. The Dark Matter release says that the CIA's Embedded Development Branch (EDB) developed various techniques to infect Apple Mac and iPhone firmware.    The March 23, 2017 WikiLeaks release details three strategies, the Sonic Screwdriver, the DarkSeaSkies, and the NightSkies 1.2. The WikiLeaks claims that the documents are from the CIA and detail surveillance systems that go back to 2008, a year after the iPhone was first introduced. However, USA Today notes that it is unclear if the strategies are still functional.  Apple responds to the WikiLeaks findings Responding to the leaked documents, Apple has issued a statement via Tech Crunch that the vulnerabilities outlined have already been addressed. The Cupertino company says that the CIA's strategies only affected the older iPhone 3G, which has already been patched as early as 2009. Further, the Mac vulnerabilities were already fixed in devices launched after 2013.  Apple added: "We have not negotiated with Wikileaks for any information. We have given them instructions to submit any information they wish through our normal process under our standard terms. Thus far, we have not received any information from them that isn’t in the public domain. We are tireless defenders of our users’ security and privacy, but we do not condone theft or coordinate with those that threaten to harm our users."   RELEASE: CIA #Vault7 &quot;Dark Matter&quot; https://t.co/pgnfeODXVB pic.twitter.com/vkI16f3vMD &mdash; WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) March 23, 2017     Apple statement on this morning’s Wikileaks Vault 7 documents pic.twitter.com/8oPgbXrzox &mdash; Russell Brandom (@russellbrandom) March 24, 2017   According to a statement issued on March 8, the CIA said it had no comment on the authenticity of the alleged intelligence documents of WikiLeaks along with any investigation as to the source of the said information.  The CIA further added that the agency is prohibited from conducting electronic surveillance within the country. In addition, it categorically denied that the agency does anything along those lines, noted USA Today.  How to protect yourself Apple has assured its customers that devices are safe from the CIA strategies revealed via WikiLeaks. However, in order to protect yourself, here are some things you can do: Always update your devices to the latest version to get all the latest security fixes. Use a strong password with a mix of symbols, characters and lower and upper case letters. Update your device by air to minimize cable connection to iTunes. Always keep your device on you at all times and utilize the latest security measures like TouchID.        Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Hackers threaten Apple to wipe millions of iPhone, iCloud data Hillary Clinton's WikiLeaks email proves her empathy for the less fortunate Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 'Curb Your Enthusiasm season 9' will cause a lot of controversy, assures Mary Steenburgen 0 Shares 2 Premier Jeff Kennett calls for drug decriminilisation 0 Shares 3 Dogs now entering plastic surgery scene with botox, other cosmetic treatments 0 Shares 4 Iron ore drops to six-week low 0 Shares 5 Cannabis stocks rise by significant margin 0 Shares 6 OnePlus 5 and OnePlus 3T update 0 Shares 7 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Diana Gabaldon heading to South Africa 0 Shares 8 Joint patrols by Australia, Indonesia in South China Sea 0 Shares 9 Trump sends cease-and-desist to 17-year-old student over cat website 0 Shares 10 ‘Vikings’ season 5: Ivar and Bjorn will ‘explode in time’; The Boneless ‘doesn’t recognise boundaries’ 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Qantas and Slingshot Venture Fund tap startups for airline innovation Fair Work Ombudsman launches Record My Hours app Optus warns customers not switching to NBN service Tabcorp to sell Odyssey business to save Tattss deal Spotify acquires MightyTV, helps users decide what to watch European retailer TK Maxx chose 303 MullenLowe More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance Malcolm Turnbull backs extratradition treaty with China Donald Trump vs 17-year-old’s cat website story may be false; US President’s lawyers deny sending C&D Peter Dutton responds on CEOs same-sex marriage proposal Melania Trump hosts International Women's Day luncheon, talks gender equality Aussie academic not allowed to leave China Zelda Therapeutics strikes deal with CannPal More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Australian captain Steven Smith apologises for emotional outburst during fourth Test Tom Brady elite quarterback until his mid-40s says Patriots owner Mercedes will be back stronger than ever, assures Toto Wolff Roger Federer sails past Juan Martin del Potro at Miami Open, reaches fourth round Golden State Warriors vs Houston Rockets live stream: Watch NBA live on TV, preview, start time Kobe Bryant defends LeBron James, says Cavs star has 'earned the right to rest' More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More 'The Last of Us 2' theories point to Joel being dead OnePlus 5 vs Apple iPhone 8 'Final Fantasy XII: The Zodiac Age' will be released in July Microsoft unveils new features to Skype for Business 'Pokemon Stars' may be a new addition to the Switch games list 'The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim' release date for the Switch will be in Fall 2017 More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design 'The Block' season 13: An empty lot and the Gatwick Hotel 'Pretty Little Liars' audiences will 'be happy' with Uber A reveal Eminem's daughter Hailie Mathers is popular on Instagram: Find out interesting facts about her ‘Game of Thrones’ season 7 spoilers: Brienne and Jaime romance ‘Vikings’ season 5: Ivar and Bjorn will ‘explode in time’; The Boneless ‘doesn’t recognise boundaries’ 'NCIS' Season 14 episode 19 spoilers: Quinn and Torres’ best-kept secret is revealed; team seeks help from a grouchy veteran on ‘The Wall’ More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
NDTV Business Hindi Movies Cricket Good Times Food Tech Auto Apps Prime Art Weddings Sections Home | World COMMENTS Sections Live TV Videos Latest India Elections Opinion Cities World Sports Photos Schedule Trends OffBeat People Health Indians Abroad South Cheat Sheet Voices Forums Weather News Alerts WikiLeaks Releases CIA Hacks Of Apple Mac Computers World | Agence France-Presse | Updated: March 24, 2017 08:20 IST 1.3K Shares EMAIL PRINT COMMENTS WikiLeaks said that it appears, CIA has been able since 2008 to insert its bugs onto unused iPhones. Washington:  The Central Intelligence Agency is able to permanently infect an Apple Mac computer so that even reinstalling the operating system will not erase the bug, according to documents published Thursday by WikiLeaks. In its second release allegedly from the CIA's arsenal of hacking tools, WikiLeaks also said that it appears the US spy agency has been able since 2008 to insert it bugs onto new and unused iPhones by intervening in Apple's supply and distribution network. The release follows the initial publication on March 9 by the anti-secrecy group of thousands of pages of instructions and code from what it called the entire CIA arsenal of hacking tools. The documents are generally believed to be genuine although the CIA has not acknowledged this. The publication of the documents sparked a US counterintelligence investigation into how the documents leaked out from the CIA and made their way to WikiLeaks, with some people pointing fingers at the agency's use of private subcontractors as a likely source. The newest documents focus on how the CIA targets Apple's popular personal electronics to spy on users. They show the CIA developed a tool in 2012 called "Sonic Screwdriver" that can hijack an Apple computer's password-protected boot process from peripheral devices like adapters and USB drives. By doing so, they can inject a undetectable bug deep into the computer's essential firmware that will not be erased even when the computer is reformatted.  The manual for the "NightSkies" bug shows that the CIA developed it in 2008 to be implanted physically in brand new iPhones. "While CIA assets are sometimes used to physically infect systems in the custody of a target, it is likely that many CIA physical access attacks have infected the targeted organization's supply chain including by interdicting mail orders and other shipments," WikiLeaks said. The documents provide a glimpse into the workings of the CIA. One showed the agency urgently trying to adapt NightSkies to a certain Apple laptop.  The agency "has the opportunity to gift a MacBook Air to a target that will be implanted with this tool," one 2009 document said. "The tool will be a beacon/implant that runs in the background of a MacBook Air that provides us with command and control capabilities." (Except for the headline, this story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is published from a syndicated feed.) Trending Sports: Aussies Aren't Friends Anymore, Says Virat Kohli After Stormy Series Gadgets: Samsung Galaxy S8: Everything We Know Ahead of Wednesday's Launch Profit: Indian-American CEO Of Silicon Valley Firm Charged For Alleged H-1B Fraud Related Apple: Software Flaws in Latest WikiLeaks Docs Are All Fixed WikiLeaks: CIA Hacked Apple Devices in Ways Users Can't Fix The CIA May Have Hacked iPhones And Macs Before They Even Got To Customers, But Probably Not Yours 'Our Family Is Heartbroken': American Killed In London Attack Was Celebrating Wedding Anniversary After The London Attack, A 'Wonderful Tribute' Went Viral; Turns Out, It's Fake Share this story on 1.3K Shares ALSO READPM Narendra Modi To Visit Washington Later This Year, Says White House WikiLeaksApple Mac HackingCIA ................................ Advertisement ................................ Quick LinksLive Cricket ScoreMachineTrappedAnaarkali Of AarahPhillauriAndy Rubin New Phone ................................ Advertisement ................................ '5,000-Strong Crowd Came With Weapons': A Gujarat Village, Seared Mulayam Singh Cancels Dinner After Party MLAs Told They Can't Attend Rajdhani Passengers Protest Over Food. Thanks, Says Babul Supriyo 'Not In India's Best Interests': What Drew This Warning By Chinese Media RSS News Alerts Mobile Apps Apple Android Windows Facebook Twitter Google + LinkedIn About Us Archives Advertise Feedback Disclaimer Investor Complaint Redressal Ombudsman Careers Service Terms Channel Distribution © Copyright NDTV Convergence Limited 2017. All rights reserved. Tweet Add to Flipboard Magazine.
Home News Sports Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Today’s Paper Subscribe Trending Today’s Paper Subscriptions Newsletter Daily Deals Twin Cities Home News Sports Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Today’s Paper Subscribe Trending State boys basketball: Apple Valley cruises… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) OUR PICKS: Wild recall top prospect Mendota Heights cop suspended Bon Jovi show Lake Superior lighthouse Tricks, tips we’ve learned while writing about the St. Paul dining scene Ecolab Tower Where to camp Sally Yates testifying Sports High School Sports State boys basketball: Apple Valley cruises past Maple Grove, into 4A final Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Eagles guard Tre Jones shouts as a teammate scores and gets fouled during the second half. (Special to the Pioneer Press: John Autey) Apple Valley Eagles guard Tre Jones drives to the basket against Maple Grove Crimson forward Tywhon Pickford during the first half of a Class 4A semifinal game of the State Boys' Basketball Tournament at the Target Center n Minneapolis on Thursday, March 23, 2017. (Special to the Pioneer Press: John Autey) Maple Grove forward Ryan Bredensteiner pulls down a rebound against Apple Valley guard Mohamed Kone during the first half of a Class 4A semifinal game of the State Boys' Basketball Tournament at the Target Center n Minneapolis on Thursday, March 23, 2017. (Special to the Pioneer Press: John Autey) Eagles guard Tre Jones (3) is fouled by Crimson forward Bubba Horton, left, and guard Jack Hutchison, right, as he chases down a lose ball during the first half of a Class 4A semifinal game of the State Boys' Basketball Tournament at the Target Center n Minneapolis on ThursdayMarch 23, 2017. (Special to the Pioneer Press: John Autey) Apple Valley guard Mark Possis battles with Maple Grove guard Brad Davison, left, and forward Bubba Horton, right, for a loose ball during the first half. (Special to the Pioneer Press: John Autey) Apple Valley guard Tre Jones scores two during the first half. (Special to the Pioneer Press: John Autey) Eagles guard Luke Martens goes up strong against Crimson forward Bubba Horton and is rewarded with two points during the second half. (Special to the Pioneer Press: John Autey) Apple Valley guard Tre Jones shoots a free throw during the second half. (Special to the Pioneer Press: John Autey) Eagles guard Nathan Macho goes up against Crimson forward Zion Allen and gets the points and the trip to the line during the second half. (Special to the Pioneer Press: John Autey) Apple Valley forward Mason Morse puts the ball in during the second half. (Special to the Pioneer Press: John Autey) Eagles guard Tre Jones scores on the lay up during the second half. (Special to the Pioneer Press: John Autey) Eagles head coach Zach Goring pleads with an official during the second half. (Special to the Pioneer Press: John Autey) Apple Valley guard Mohamed Kone breaks to the basket against Maple Grove forward Gare Ewefada during the second half. (Special to the Pioneer Press: John Autey) Apple Valley starters cheer on their teammates late in the second half. The Eagles beat the Maple Grove Crimson, 77-54, to advance to the championship game against Champlin Park Saturday night. (Special to the Pioneer Press: John Autey) Show Caption of Expand By Jace Frederick | jfrederick@pioneerpress.com | Pioneer Press PUBLISHED: March 23, 2017 at 10:01 pm | UPDATED: March 24, 2017 at 2:55 am Sign up for newsletters and alerts Most Popular Minneapolis toddler found and suspect in custody after abduction, Amber Alert Police release name of worker killed in Woodbury accident Tricks, tips we’ve learned while writing about the St. Paul dining scene Wild recall top prospect Joel Eriksson Ek from Sweden After Minnesota mayor’s swindle, weapon arrest, 2 on council want him to resign Human remains found in woods near Brainerd Tre Jones and Luke Martens had a conversation prior to Thursday night’s Class 4A state semifinal matchup with Maple Grove revolving around a past experience. One year earlier, Jones and Martens were major contributors on an Apple Valley team that reached the same stage, only to lay an ugly egg in an 84-60 loss to Hopkins. Related Articles Champlin Park’s McKinley Wright named 2017 Minnesota Mr. Basketball Apple Valley Eagles made believers out of themselves in run to 4A state title State boys basketball: Tre Jones leads Apple Valley to Class 4A title State boys basketball: Minneapolis North wins second straight Class A title State boys basketball: Minnehaha Academy holds on to win Class 2A title “We let everyone down,” Jones said. “I felt that for the past year now that I just let my team, my family, the whole school and the whole city of Apple Valley, I let them down. And I wanted to get revenge this year, and we did that tonight.” The Eagles entirely flipped the script, blitzing second-seeded Maple Grove for a 77-54 win at Target Center to advance to Saturday night’s state final at 8 p.m. against Champlin Park. Jones finished with 19 points, 13 rebounds, 10 assists, two blocks, two steals and just one turnover. “Tre was Tre,” Eagles coach Zach Goring said. “We’ve seen that play from him consistently all year.” But Jones wasn’t alone. Apple Valley is often viewed from the outside as a one-man band, but the third-seeded Eagles flexed their depth against the Crimson (28-3). “It’s a complete team win,” Goring said. Martens scored 17 points on 8 for 10 shooting, Mohamed Kone added 16 points on 6 for 7 shooting and Mason Morse tacked on 11. Martens said Apple Valley passed up good shots for great ones, which led the Eagles to a 65-percent shooting performance. “Shoot with confidence,” Kone said. “That’s what our coaches have been telling us the entire time. Shoot with confidence and you’ll make them.” But what was maybe more impressive was the Eagles’ defensive effort. Maple Grove exposed Apple Valley’s defense early in the year, beating the Eagles 103-87 in late December. But the Crimson got nothing easy Thursday, as Maple Grove shot just 37 percent from the floor and 17 percent from three. The Eagles (29-2) were able to slow down Maple Grove’s big guns, as the combination of Jones and Kone held Brad Davison, a Badgers commit fighting a sore knee, to just 13 points on 4 for 17 shooting. Martens guarded Tywhon Pickford, also a Division-I player. And while Pickford scored 23 points, he went just 9 for 21 from the field. “I thought we got shots that we normally make,” Crimson coach Nick Schroeder said. “We were probably a little heavy legged on those shots. I think it had a lot to do with Apple Valley, a little bit to do with us.” Still, even after a fairly dominant first half, the Eagles led by just four at the break, and Maple Grove even led 39-37 early in the second stanza. But then the Eagles blew the game open with a 16-0 run, largely orchestrated by Jones, to claim a 60-41 lead. During the stretch Jones blocked shots, took charges, scored and found his teammates for good looks. On back-to-back possessions, he kicked to Martens and Ely Hendrickson, who both buried open threes to push Maple Grove a little deeper into an ever-growing hole. “We took their hardest hit,” Jones said, “but we were able to bounce back from that and finish.” Goring said Thursday night’s performance was Apple Valley’s most-complete effort of the season, and it came at just the right time. The Eagles will face undefeated Champlin Park (31-0) in Saturday’s final. The same two teams met in 2015, when Apple Valley handed the Rebels their only loss of the season as the Eagles claimed the championship. “It’ll be a great game,” Goring said. “It’ll be fun. The thing I tell our kids is … we’re to be a part of the last game, and that’s been our goal all season.” Said Jones: “We’re not done yet.” Tags:  High school boys basketball Jace Frederick Jace has covered a slew of sports since he joined the Pioneer Press in May 2015, but his primary duty is covering high schools. Jace enjoys the beat, even though he's been mistaken for a student on multiple occasions. Follow Jace Frederick @jacefrederick As you comment, please be respectful of other commenters and other viewpoints. Our goal with article comments is to provide a space for civil, informative and constructive conversations. We reserve the right to remove any comment we deem to be defamatory, rude, insulting to others, hateful, off-topic or reckless to the community. See our full terms of use here. View Comments blog comments powered by Disqus More in High School Sports High school basketball: Apple Valley’s Tre Jones is AP player of the year March 28, 2017, 3:01 pm The 2017 Associated Press All-State teams for Minnesota high school boys basketball: Read More Champlin Park’s McKinley Wright named 2017 Minnesota Mr. Basketball March 26, 2017, 6:12 pm Champlin Park point guard McKinley Wright was named the 2017 winner of the Minnesota Mr. Basketball award on Sunday night. Wright, a Dayton commit, averaged 23.1 points, eight rebounds and 7.3 assists this season while leading the Rebels to a 31-1 record and the program’s second runnerup finish in the Class 4A state tournament in three seasons. He and teammate Theo... Read More Apple Valley Eagles made believers out of themselves in run to 4A state title March 26, 2017, 8:00 am Mason Morse felt the pressure to step up this season. Morse, a senior forward, was thrusted into Apple Valley’s regular rotation this season with minimal previous varsity experience. That was the case for every Eagles’ player this season not named Tre Jones or Luke Martens. Since Morse played small forward or power forward, he was essentially being asked to replace... Read More State basketball: DeLaSalle wins sixth straight Class 3A title March 25, 2017, 8:12 pm Dynasties, while often the product of a great system, are built on the backs of talented players, and DeLaSalle has had plenty of those through the years. From Reid Travis to Jarvis Johnson to Sacar Anim, “loaded” has always been a fair description of the Islanders’ roster. That dynamic trio is long gone, yet the Islanders’ run remains. DeLaSalle won... Read More High school section realignment provides shakeup in many sports March 26, 2017, 9:29 pm Kasson-Mantorville and Simley have established themselves as the top two teams in Class 2A wrestling. The KoMets have won the past two state titles, beating the Spartans in the 2017 final this month. The teams have combined to win the past 10 state titles, with Simley winning seven and Kasson-Mantorville taking three. Simley and Kasson-Mantorville were the favorites to compete... Read More State boys basketball: Minneapolis North wins second straight Class A title March 25, 2017, 2:59 pm Larry McKenzie has coached plenty of talent and had plenty of success. But he said this Minneapolis North boys basketball team will forever be special to him. “I’ve had lots more talent individually, I don’t think I had a better team,” McKenzie said. “I’ve enjoyed coaching this group.” This group of Polars played their last game together Saturday, recording a... Read More Today’s Paper Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Home News Sports Opinion Things to Do Obituaries Weather Lottery Commenting rules Special Advertising Sections Classifieds Autos Homes Jobs Pioneer Press careers Contact Us Customer service Newsroom Contacts Advertise with us Photo reprints Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Mobiles Mobiles News Apple Officials Said to Discuss Duty Demands With Finance Ministry  Press Trust of India, 23 March 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Senior executives of iPhone maker Apple on Wednesday held detailed deliberations on their demand related to duty concession with officials of the finance ministry. The meeting assumes significance as the revenue department has rejected the demands of the US-based technology major. According to sources, the duty wish-list was discussed at the meeting, which was attended by key executives of the company. Apple India has sought concessions, including duty exemption on manufacturing and repair units, components, capital equipment. It also sought relaxations for consumables for smartphone manufacturing and service or repair for 15 years as it plans to set up a manufacturing unit in India. Most of Apple's Demands Haven't Been Met, Says Commerce and Industry Minister These concessions would help the company get component makers to set up units in the country as it cannot source inputs locally. India is gradually becoming a smartphone manufacturing hub, and there is a feeling that giving concession to a particular company could be difficult for the government. In a communication to the government, the Cupertino-based technology major has asked for incentives from the Department of Revenue and Department of Electronics and Information Technology (DeITy). Apple also wants relaxation in the mandated 30 percent local sourcing of components. It is also keen on reduction in Customs duties on completely knocked-down and semi-knocked-down units of devices that are to be assembled in the country. In January, Apple had indicated to the government that it is ready with a blueprint to begin manufacturing iPhones in India, but wants fiscal concessions, including Customs duty waiver on import of components. The company sells its products through Apple-owned retail stores in countries like China, Germany, the US, the UK and France, among others. It has no wholly-owned store in India and sells its products through distributors such as Redington and Ingram Micro. Tags: Apple, Apple India, Apple Manufacturing in India, Mobiles, iPhones, Make in India, DIPP Google Search Gets a New 'Recent' Tab for Android OnePlus 2 Receiving OxygenOS 3.5.8 Update; Brings Improvements and Fixes Apple Officials Said to Discuss Duty Demands With Finance Ministry     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Itel Wish A41 Panasonic Eluga Ray X Panasonic Eluga Ray Max Datawind MoreGMax 3G6 Intex Aqua 4G Mini Micromax Spark Vdeo Zen Admire Swadesh Oppo F3 Plus Panasonic Eluga Pure Lava Z25 Lava Z10 ZTE Nubia N2 ZTE Nubia M2 Lite ZTE Nubia M2 Apple iPad (2017) Wi-Fi + Cellular Apple iPad (2017) Wi-Fi Karbonn Aura Note 4G Karbonn Aura Sleek 4G Sony Xperia L1 Huawei P10 Lite Popular Xiaomi Redmi 4A Moto G5 Plus Samsung Galaxy S8 Moto M Oppo A57 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Nokia 6 OnePlus 3T Lava Z25 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Nokia Phones Gadgets 360 Hindi नरेंद्र मोदी ऐप में PM के लाइव भाषण देख पाएंगे आप मोटो जी5 स्मार्टफोन 4 अप्रैल को होगा भारत में लॉन्च फेसबुक मैसेंजर में आया लाइव लोकेशन साझा करने वाला फ़ीचर Latest Videos 02:34 360 Daily: Truecaller Gets New Features, Moto G5, Sony Xperia XZs India Launch Dates, and More 03:16 [Sponsored] OPPO F3 Plus: The Selfie-Expert with a Big Battery 02:12 Panasonic Eluga Ray Max, Eluga Ray X First Look 20:15 But First, Let Me Take a Selfie 01:18 How to Click the Perfect Selfie More Videos» OPINIONS ALL AUTHORS Gopal Sathe Iron Fist Is a Lot More Fun Than Most Critics Would Have You Believe Akhil Arora Samsung Pay Is Here, and It Could Be the Best Reason to Get the Galaxy S8 Kunal Dua Nokia 3310: What's in a Name? As It Turns Out, Everything Advertisement Recent LastPass Acknowledges New Browser Extension Vulnerability; Fix Incoming Microsoft Brings Cortana to the Android Lock Screen With Latest Update Xiaomi CEO Meets PM Modi, Discusses Manufacturing and Growth Plans Chinese Tech Giant Tencent Takes 5 Percent Stake in Tesla Google Home, Google Wifi No Longer Exclusive to the US Samsung Galaxy S8, S8+ Images, Specifications, Accessories Leaked Facebook Stories and Camera Effects Launched, Moving Closer to Snapchat Apple TV Remote, iWork Suite Apps Get Updated with New Features YouTube Ad Boycott May Cost Google $750 Million Asus Launches ZenBook UX330 Ultra-Portable Laptop in India More News TRENDING Samsung Galaxy S8: Everything We Know Ahead of Wednesday's Launch Samsung Galaxy S8 Leaks, Moto G5 Coming to India, More: Your 360 Daily Samsung Galaxy S8, S8+ Images, Specifications, Accessories Leaked Moto G5 Set to Launch in India on April 4, Will Be Amazon-Exclusive WhatsApp Criticised, Panasonic's New Smartphones, and More: 360 Daily God of War PS4 Release Date in 2017? Reliance Jio Prime Membership Deadline May Be Extended by a Month Airtel Truecaller ID Brings Caller ID to Offline Feature Phones Sony Xperia XZs Set to launch in India on April 4 Samsung Unveils the Galaxy S8's New Default Ringtone Ahead of Launch Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 March 2017 by Military News Apple Watch band offerings expand for spring 2017 Today, Apple introduced a new lineup of fresh and bright band colors that give customers more opportunity than ever to personalize and customize their Apple Watch. Highlights for the season include a wide stripe Woven Nylon band, standalone Nike Sport Bands and beautifully crafted Apple Watch Hermès bands in striking new colors. All-new bands are available to order today from apple.com and for purchase at select Apple Stores, Apple Authorized Resellers and carriers in late March. CategoriesUncategorized TagsSports, UPDATE Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple introduces iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition Next PostNext Guggenheim Macro Opportunities Fund Earns Third Consecutive U.S. Lipper Fund Award for Consistent Risk-Adjusted Performance Search Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices The Pros and Cons of Buying an iPhone Directly From Apple Consumer Reports 4 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Donald Trump's superyacht and other billionaire boats 20 groceries driving up your bill the most © Provided by Consumer Reports Is it time for consumers to start buying their iPhones directly from Apple instead of their cell-phone carrier? Popular Searches Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▲ 856.14 +9.12 +1.08% Apple Inc AAPL ▲ 143.82 +2.94 +2.09% Tencent Holdings Ltd TCTZF ▲ 29.58 +0.41 +1.41% General Motors Co GM ▲ 35.49 +0.78 +2.23% With the release Friday of a special edition of the iPhone 7—and expectations for the iPhone 8 this fall—now is a good time to consider whether such a move makes sense. Most consumers still buy their iPhones through their cell-phone carrier. But carriers no longer subsidize the price of the phone, eliminating a major incentive for buying through them. So with the price of a new iPhone basically the same no matter where you buy it, consumers need to weigh other factors in deciding where to buy their phone. With that in mind, here are some of pros and cons of buying directly from Apple. The Pros Upgrades. If you want the latest iPhone model as soon as it’s launched, you should look at Apple’s iPhone Upgrade Program. Apple will allow you to trade in your phone as soon as 6 months after signing up, as long as you’re willing to make 12 months' worth of payments to cover the cost of the phone in that time frame. You can switch carriers. If you buy an unlocked phone through Apple, you can switch cell-phone providers at will even if you haven’t yet paid off your phone in full. If you buy your phone through a carrier, though, you’ll have to pay off your entire remaining balance for the phone before canceling your service to change to a new carrier. Tech support. Baked in to the iPhone Upgrade Program is AppleCare, which is one of the few extended-warranty programs recommended by Consumer Reports for certain consumers. That means if your phone gets damaged, you can take it straight to Apple to have it fixed rather than having to go through your carrier for any repairs.  Cost of insurance. Although you have the option to purchase cell-phone insurance through your service provider, those plans usually have a higher price than AppleCare and offer fewer benefits, says Marsha Barnes, a financial coach. The cost of AppleCare for an iPhone 7 is $129 for two years, or about $5 per month. The cost of cell-phone insurance from Verizon or AT&T is about $9 per month. (AT&T is $7.99 now but will go up to $8.99 effective April 21.) Interest-free loan. The iPhone Upgrade Program lets you pay for your iPhone by making interest-free monthly payments for up to 24 months. Only consumers with good credit will qualify, however. If your score is low, it’s a good idea to improve it before you’re due for a new phone. The Cons If your iPhone is lost or stolen. AppleCare doesn’t cover a lost or stolen phone, like your carrier insurance will. But if you have homeowners or renters insurance, your iPhone should be included as personal property, and you can be covered that way. Your credit card issuer may also provide protection against theft. Make sure to include your iPhone in your inventory for your insurance provider, and update the list whenever you get a new phone. Your reimbursement amount will depend on the type of coverage you have as well as your deductible, but at least you have some recourse if your phone is stolen. You could miss special discounts. Certain carrier-sponsored discounts are available only when you purchase your iPhone through a carrier directly. Buying your next iPhone at the Apple store could mean you miss out on opportunities to save on your monthly service. So check with the carrier you're interested in using. Consumer Reports has no relationship with any advertisers on this website. Copyright © 2006-2017 Consumers Union of U.S. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Consumer Reports Top Pick Tires for 2016 Consumer Reports The best matching washers and dryers Consumer Reports The best mattresses for couples Consumer Reports Consumer Reports View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
ISSN 2330-717X Home News Opinion Analysis Business Social Religion Entertainment Environment Technology About Editorial Staff Authors and Partners Contact Submit an Article Buzz Future Privacy Policy And Terms Of Use WikiLeaks Claims CIA Bugs ‘Factory Fresh’ iPhones – OpEd By MINA March 24, 2017 The latest leaks from WikiLeaks’ Vault 7 is titled “Dark Matter” and claims that the CIA has been bugging “factory fresh” iPhones since at least 2008 through suppliers. Following is the full press release from WikiLeaks: Today, March 23rd 2017, WikiLeaks releases Vault 7 “Dark Matter”, which contains documentation for several CIA projects that infect Apple Mac Computer firmware (meaning the infection persists even if the operating system is re-installed) developed by the CIA’s Embedded Development Branch (EDB). These documents explain the techniques used by CIA to gain ‘persistence’ on Apple Mac devices, including Macs and iPhones and demonstrate their use of EFI/UEFI and firmware malware. Among others, these documents reveal the “Sonic Screwdriver” project which, as explained by the CIA, is a “mechanism for executing code on peripheral devices while a Mac laptop or desktop is booting” allowing an attacker to boot its attack software for example from a USB stick “even when a firmware password is enabled”. The CIA’s “Sonic Screwdriver” infector is stored on the modified firmware of an Apple Thunderbolt-to-Ethernet adapter. “DarkSeaSkies” is “an implant that persists in the EFI firmware of an Apple MacBook Air computer” and consists of “DarkMatter”, “SeaPea” and “NightSkies”, respectively EFI, kernel-space and user-space implants. Documents on the “Triton” MacOSX malware, its infector “Dark Mallet” and its EFI-persistent version “DerStake” are also included in this release. While the DerStake1.4 manual released today dates to 2013, other Vault 7 documents show that as of 2016 the CIA continues to rely on and update these systems and is working on the production of DerStarke2.0. Also included in this release is the manual for the CIA’s “NightSkies 1.2” a “beacon/loader/implant tool” for the Apple iPhone. Noteworthy is that NightSkies had reached 1.2 by 2008, and is expressly designed to be physically installed onto factory fresh iPhones. i.e the CIA has been infecting the iPhone supply chain of its targets since at least 2008. While CIA assets are sometimes used to physically infect systems in the custody of a target it is likely that many CIA physical access attacks have infected the targeted organization’s supply chain including by interdicting mail orders and other shipments (opening, infecting, and resending) leaving the United States or otherwise. TOPICS:AppleCIAPrivacySecuritySmartphonesUnited StatesWikileaks About the Author MINA MINA is the Macedonian International News Agency Previous post Next post Be the first to comment on "WikiLeaks Claims CIA Bugs ‘Factory Fresh’ iPhones – OpEd" Leave a comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website Search for: Recent Articles March 28, 2017 What A Westinghouse Bankruptcy Could Mean For US Utilities – Analysis March 28, 2017 Mixing Politics And Sports: Turkish Soccer Campaigns For President Erdogan – Analysis March 28, 2017 Saudi King’s ‘Clash Of Civilizations’: Convergence With Indonesia’s Hypocrisy, Opportunism – OpEd March 28, 2017 Indian Idol Singer Nahid Afrin Overcomes Muslim ‘Diktat’ In Assam March 28, 2017 One Belt One Road: A Step Towards Globalization – OpEd March 28, 2017 February US Blue Collar Job Growth Strong In All Three Sectors – Analysis March 28, 2017 Between Piety And Patriotism: Shariʿa And The American Way Of Life – Analysis March 28, 2017 Why Angela Merkel Hates Tax Competition – OpEd Recent Comments Duncan Mulholland on Scotland: Large Offshore Oil Discovery Could Fuel Independence Push boyd conklin on Between Piety And Patriotism: Shariʿa And The American Way Of Life – Analysis Porter Kauffman on Adsorbent Material Made From Fruit Peels Cleans Wastewater Gustavo on Responding To Religiously-Inspired Terror: Mayor Sadiq Khan On London Attacks – Analysis Rabia on India And Pakistan Escalate Missile Rivalry? – OpEd Copyright 2017 | By Eurasia Review (ISSN 2330-717x) This popup will close in: Please Support Eurasia Review   Eurasia Review does not receive financial support from any institution, corporation or organization. We are truly independent. Your contributions allow Eurasia Review to continue operating. Please consider donating today.   Signup for Eurasia Review's FREE newsletter CLOSE
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive Rollover crash in Apple Valley leaves 3 injured Thursday Mar 23, 2017 at 4:14 PM Mar 23, 2017 at 7:10 PM Paola Baker Staff Writer @DP_PaolaBaker APPLE VALLEY — Authorities said 3 people, including a 2-year-old girl, were injured after a rollover crash Wednesday afternoon. Reports of a crash on Central and Ramona roads were received by authorities just after 2 p.m. Thursday. Initial reports indicated that an extrication was possibly needed for a child trapped in the vehicle, Apple Valley Fire Protection District Fire Chief Sid Hultquist said. Apple Valley Sheriff’s Station officials said the driver of a black Nissan, identified as Jose Escobar, 18, of Victorville, was headed north on Central Road near Ramona Road when the driver of a silver Dodge Caravan, identified as Kimberly Monterroso, 24, of Apple Valley, entered the intersection and was struck by the Nissan. The impact caused Monterroso to lose control and roll the vehicle, officials said. While an extrication wasn’t needed, the little girl, who authorities said was in a car seat, was taken to St. Joseph Health, St. Mary with “undisclosed injuries.” A woman in the van didn’t report any injuries, while Monterroso sustained a “minor injury” and was treated at the scene. A woman in the the Nissan was also taken to St. Joseph Health, St. Mary with a complaint of pain. Escobar didn’t report any injuries, officials said, and no other injuries were reported. The cause of the crash remains under investigation, and anyone with information is encouraged to contact the Apple Valley Sheriff’s Station at 760-240-7400. Paola Baker may be reached at 760-955-5332 or PBaker@VVDailyPress.com. Follow her on Twitter at @DP_PaolaBaker. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Login All Reviews Editorials News Samsung Plans to Refurbish and Sell the Recalled Note 7 watchOS 3.2 Adds Theater Mode, SiriKit Password Protection Comes To Pages, Numbers, Keynotes on iOS, Mac, iCloud Tips macOS: Creating an App-Specific Password for iCloud Pages for macOS: Always Start New Documents With Specific Template Podcasts Apple's New APFS File System, Developers Respond to App Store Reviews - TMO Daily Observations 2017-03-28 TMO Background Mode Interview with Microsoft Chief Creative Architect Ben Rudolph View All Results → HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick View All Reviews → Apple, Why Don't You Want Folks Sending Secure Emails on iOS? Reminders and Why Siri Rocks 'Em iPhone SE 2017 Another Example of Apple Doing Less and Less with More and More Why the iPad mini is On Its Deathbed PSA: Don't Charge Your iPhones in the Bath View All Editorials → Apple May Charge $30 to Rent Movies Still in Theaters Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Mar 23rd, 2017 6:00 PM EDT | News Apple is reportedly negotiating with studios to offer iTunes rentals for movies while they’re still in theaters. Movies would be available for rent within a couple weeks of opening in theaters for about US$30, and that sounds like a pretty good deal. $30 to stream a movie that’s still in theaters may not be as expensive as it sounds 21st Century Fox, Universal Pictures, and Warner Bros. all told Bloomberg they’re interested in offering in-home movie rentals, and they’re looking at using Apple’s iTunes. The deal would be a win for Apple because more people would have reason to use their streaming services, and for studios because they could get more viewers for their movies. That’s what studios are looking for because theater attendance and video rentals have been relatively flat over the past few years. Offering first-run rentals while movies are still in theaters may be just the ticket to boost revenue. For movie goers, the deal gives them the convenience of watching first-run movies on their own schedule in the comfort of their homes, and at a lower overall price compared to theaters. Adding up the price of tickets for two, popcorn and drinks, and the cost quickly tops the $30 for renting and watching a movie at home. There’s also the convenience of staying home, no noisy theater goers, avoiding parking, and the comfort of your own couch. Theaters Won’t Like iTunes Rentals for In-theater Movies The real losers in this scenario are theaters because some movie fans who otherwise may have gone out to see new films can stay home. They’ll no doubt continue pressuring studios to stick with the current arrangement since the prospect of losing more customers is exactly what they want to avoid. That isn’t to say theaters will lose out completely. Lots of movie fans still enjoy the theater experience, and some films just have to be seen on the big screen. Watching a new Star Wars movie for the first time at home, for example, almost feels like a crime. The $3.99 and $5.99 rentals will stick around, too. Those rates will apply to movies 90 days or later after release, just as they do now. That means you can rent movies for just a few dollars like you always have, or spend more—but still less than going to the theater—to watch new movies right now. Or maybe go to the theater if that’s your thing. Apple and the studios aren’t saying how close they are to completing a deal, and they may go with a sliding scale ranging from $25 up to $50 per rental. Presumably popular movies will rent for higher prices. Still, $30 to rent a movie that just opened in theaters doesn’t sound like a bad deal, and considering studios are looking to boost declining revenue it’s probably coming soon. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: iTunes, movie, rentals 6 Comments Add a comment Lee Dronick March 23, 2017 Sounds like a good deal? Well that depends on the movie 😀 March 23, 2017 at 6:56 EDT PM khurt March 24, 2017 Lee Dronick, $30 is a good deal for ANY movie for a family of four. Currently cost me over $32 just for movie tickets. Toss in an ICEE and sour candy for the kids, popcorn and large soda for me and the wife, and we are well over $50 for the night. March 24, 2017 at 7:29 EDT AM Lee Dronick March 24, 2017 Sorry Khurt, there are some movies that they couldn’t pay me to watch. 😀 March 24, 2017 at 8:49 EDT AM d'monder March 24, 2017 Lots of movie fans still enjoy the theater experience With a few exceptions, the theaters here are dumps, and the experience they offer is pretty miserable. Anyway this is good news. Forcing the multiplexes to either pick it up or die, is a good thing. March 24, 2017 at 2:06 EDT PM geoduck March 25, 2017 $30 is a bit high. OTOH I avoid going to movie theatres. Chatty people, phone talkers, fidgety kids, that guy who goes to the bathroom three times. No I’d rather wait to see a film at home. That’s why I bought that big old LCD in the corner. It also lets me see what I want, not just whatever’s in the theatre over at the mall this week. March 25, 2017 at 10:47 EDT AM MMatz March 27, 2017 $30 does seem reasonable, for all of the reasons stated above (yes, assuming it’s worth watching at all), plus being able to pause for whatever reason, go back to see that bit of dialogue I didn’t quite catch, or just watch that awesome scene one more time. I’m in. March 27, 2017 at 5:42 EDT AM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Britain's Home Secretary Pushes for Encryption Back Door Jeff Gamet | March 27, 2017 Apple, Why Don't You Want Folks Sending Secure Emails on iOS? Jeff Butts | March 23, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $143.80 +2.92 (2.07%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Samsung Plans to Refurbish and Sell the Recalled Note 7 watchOS 3.2 Adds Theater Mode, SiriKit Password Protection Comes To Pages, Numbers, Keynotes on iOS, Mac, iCloud Apple TV Remote Update Adds iPad Support, More Apple Releases macOS 10.12.4 with Night Shift, Cricket Scores, Enterprise Features Recent Tips See All » macOS: Creating an App-Specific Password for iCloud Pages for macOS: Always Start New Documents With Specific Template macOS: Accented Letters Are Surprisingly Easy to Type Get Free Bitcoins from 12 Faucets That (Still) Pay Customizing the Services Menu Helps You Optimize macOS Recent Editorials See All » Apple, Why Don't You Want Folks Sending Secure Emails on iOS? Reminders and Why Siri Rocks 'Em iPhone SE 2017 Another Example of Apple Doing Less and Less with More and More Why the iPad mini is On Its Deathbed PSA: Don't Charge Your iPhones in the Bath 13802 Jeff Gamet news 6 1490292058 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
  SOFTPEDIA®   Windows   Drivers   Games   Mac   Android   Linux   News Softpedia > News > Security FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Firewall      30% OFF! Apple Says It Fixed Vulnerabilities Detailed in WikiLeaks Docs Years Ago GO The new WikiLeaks files detail old bugs, company says Mar 24, 2017 01:44 GMT  ·  By Gabriela Vatu  ·  Share:  Apple says those exploits the CIA used to hack into iPhones and Macs were fixed years ago.  Following the new release of CIA classified documents by the WikiLeaks, Apple adopted the same stance it did after the first round of revelations, saying that it had already fixed the bugs mentioned there. The documents, which WikiLeaks say come from the CIA, detail a number of methods for compromising and breaking into Apple devices if an agent can get his or her hands on the device. "We have preliminarily assessed the Wikileaks disclosures from this morning. Based on our initial analysis, the alleged iPhone vulnerability affected iPhone 3G only and was fixed in 2009 when iPhone 3GS was released. Additionally, our preliminary assessment shows the alleged Mac vulnerabilities were previously fixed in all Macs launched after 2013," Apple said on the matter. The Wikileaks poke The company also took the time to poke WikiLeaks a bit. Although it admits they have not negotiated any deals for information via WikiLeaks, Apple does say it has given them instructions to submit any information they wish via their normal process under standard terms. So far, no details were shared with them. This comes after Julian Assange said WikiLeaks would cooperate with tech companies to fix any security problems mentioned by the files, imposing a few conditions, however, like the companies having to release a patch within 90 days. Companies have been somewhat reluctant to make deals with WikiLeaks, especially since there are concerns regarding the source of the CIA files and whether writing patches based on them is a good idea under the circumstances. That being said, it's not exactly a surprise that the CIA has developed various techniques to get into people's phones. The Wiki files today discuss methods that require agents to have physical access to the device. With enough time on one's hands, getting into a locked device, even an iPhone, isn't impossible, although it's extremely difficult. If you'll remember, the CIA had a row with Apple last year over the decryption of the iPhone of the San Bernardino shooter. Apple said it couldn't open the phone even if it wanted to, and the CIA eventually found another way in, a technique they are refusing to share with the public despite being sued over it. Their answer was, in short, that they're still using it and they can't share their secret cracking ways. #Apple#Wikileaks#CIA#vulnerability#security subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news WikiLeaks Vault 7: CIA Infects "Factory Fresh" iPhones Cisco Says CIA Can Exploit 318 of Its Switches, Promises Fix WikiLeaks Won't Share CIA Files with Tech Companies Unless They Agree to Terms Microsoft on WikiLeaks CIA Files: Windows 10 Systems Are Safe Two Laptops with Hong Kong's 3.7 Million Voters' Data Stolen Samsung Store in Singapore Catches Fire Ahead of Galaxy S8 Unveil All 2017 iPhones to Support Wireless Charging, Apple Watch to Feature LTE How to Upgrade to Windows 10 Creators Update RTM Right Now Survey: 93% of Millennials Aren't Quitting Uber Two Laptops with Hong Kong's 3.7 Million Voters' Data Stolen Latest Black Lab Linux Weekly Build Optimizes Swap File Management for SSD Windows 10, the Only Way to Go: 8 in 10 Companies to Install the OS, Study Shows    Apple dismisses new WikiLeaks revelations Related Apps hide.me VPN: An easy to configure VPN client for Windows that enables you to hide your real identity while navigating online by connecting to a VPN server Metasploit Community: Penetration testing tool for security professionals that lets them run a discovery scan, bruteforce attack and exploit in order to detect vulnerabilities within a user-defined network range Metasploit Pro: This is a versatile and effective application that prevents data breaches with real-world attack scenarios and verifies security effectiveness SecureSafe: A comprehensive online storage solution that allows you to keep your files and passwords protected thanks to a high level of data encryption KPEnhancedEntryView: Enhance the accessibility of KeePass Password Safe by adding extra display elements to your window with this straightforward plugin Zemana AntiLogger: Make sure that your private data will remain private by using this software application that prevents harmful applications from damaging your computer ApexSQL Decrypt: A decryption tool for SQL Server database objects, be them functions, procedures, views or triggers, which enables you to preview the original DDL scripts Reader comments Scam Exploited Safari Bug, Tricked Porn-Viewing iOS Users into Paying Ransom more on: Ransomware i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Refurbished 2016 15-inch MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Now Available By Tyler Lee on 03/23/2017 18:32 PDT Apple’s new MacBook Pros don’t come cheap, which we suspect is one of the reasons why there are still quite a few customers out there who might be hesitating on pulling the trigger. However in recent times, we’ve started to see refurbished models go on sale, like earlier this month where the MacBook Pro without the Touch Bar was spotted. However if you do want the Touch Bar feature, then you might be interested to learn that Apple’s refurbished store is now selling the 2016 MacBook Pro with the Touch Bar where depending on which configuration you choose, you could end up saving anywhere between $360-$650, which is actually a lot of money if you don’t mind something that isn’t completely brand new. For those unfamiliar, refurbished products are basically products that have been returned for whatever reason. How a company refurbishes their products will differ from company to company, but in Apple’s case they claim that that they will do a “rigorous” refurbishment process, and will offer a one-year limited warranty. There will also be a 14-day returns policy offered. However it should be noted that supply and variations of refurbished products are limited, so if you don’t see what you want, you can check back later. In the meantime for those who are curious, pop on over to Apple’s refurbished store to see what options there are available. Filed in Apple >Computers. Read more about laptops and Macbook Pro. Related Articles 2017-03-12 Skype Updated With Support For MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar 2017-03-09 Refurbished 2016 MacBook Pro W/O Touch Bar Now Available 2017-02-23 Latest Chrome Beta Adds Support For Touch Bar 2017-02-21 Some 2016 MacBook Pro Owners Experiencing Keyboard Problems 2017-02-16 Touch Bar Support For Microsoft Office Now Available 2017-02-08 MacBook Pro Owners Can Preview Office With Touch Bar Support Sony Announces ‘Venom’ Movie For Release Next Year Lucid Motors' Electric Car Price Confirmed Woman's Headphones Explode Mid-Flight Google’s Allo Can Reveal Your Search History To Your Friends Project Scorpio To Feature Internal Power Supply And 4K Game DVR Google And Levi's Smart Jacket Launches This Fall For $350 Pre-Order Project Scorpio Page Goes Live On Microsoft Store Film Company Trolls Pirates With Fake KickassTorrents Website User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Now, MeitY shoots down Apple’s demand for duty waivers to make iPhones in India Now, MeitY shoots down Apple’s demand for duty waivers to make iPhones in India The ministry of electronics and information technology (MeitY) has endorsed the revenue department stance that Apple’s demand for an import duty exemption for certain components for making iPhones in India can’t be met. By: Banikinkar Pattanayak and guest | New Delhi | Published: March 24, 2017 7:14 AM Commerce and industry minister Nirmala Sitharaman on Wednesday said in the Rajya Sabha that that government has not accepted “most of the demands” of iPhone maker Apple. (Reuters) The ministry of electronics and information technology (MeitY) has endorsed the revenue department stance that Apple’s demand for an import duty exemption for certain components for making iPhones in India can’t be met. In its comments on US technology giant’s wish-list, the ministry said: “Apple is seeking an exemption from phased manufacturing programme (PMP) — that is, chargers, batteries and headphones for manufacture of Apple phones — be exempted from basic customs duty and countervailing duty (CVD), which may not be feasible.” However, on Apple’s query as to whether smartphone exports are eligible for incentives under the Merchandise Export from India Scheme (MEIS), MeitY has taken a favourable view. While smartphones are covered for benefits under MEIS, MeitY has suggested to the commerce ministry to increase the support to 5% of the FOB value from the existing 2%, official sources said. You May Also Want To Watch: Commerce and industry minister Nirmala Sitharaman on Wednesday said in the Rajya Sabha that that government has not accepted “most of the demands” of iPhone maker Apple. Although the Karnataka government last month announced that Apple would set up a manufacturing unit near Bengaluru, sources had earlier told FE that the iPhone maker plans to set up only a “pilot project” there (to produce around 3-5 lakh phones), and the extent of manufacturing in India hinges on the kind of concessions the central government is willing to offer to the tech giant. The Prime Minister’s Office is now expected to take the final call on Apples’ wish-list. In a bid to raise value-addition by foreign mobile handset makers under in India under the PMP, the government — while keeping a 1% excise duty on domestic manufacturing (assembling) — had levied a 12.5% CVD on chargers, batteries and headphones. MeitY had earlier wanted this relaxation to be extended to five more sub-assemblies of mobile phone handsets in the Budget for 2017-18, which was, however, not accepted by the department of revenue, according to sources. Also, while MeitY had recommended exempting all capital goods for the manufacture of mobile phones from the BCD and the CVD — a key demand of Apple — the revenue department didn’t approve it, so the Budget for 2017-18, too, was silent on the issue, said the sources. Moreover, Apple’s request for including new and used capital equipment and spare parts within the scope of the modified special incentive package scheme (M-SIPS), a brainchild of MeitY to boost electronic manufacturing in the country, will require an amendment to the scheme. A decision to this effect is yet to be taken. In a communication to the Indian government last year, the company had also sought several other sops — including a 15-year customs duty holiday on imports of iPhone kits, new and used capital equipment, and consumables — to set up a manufacturing unit. It has sought duty cuts on components — completely knocked down (CKD) and semi-knocked down (SKD) units of iPhones — for reassembly at the finished goods manufacturing line. It has also sought a relaxation of the 30% local sourcing requirement under the foreign direct investment (FDI) rules. In a presentation to an inter-ministerial panel on January 25, the company executives are learnt to have explained why they need certain sops to be able to set up a unit here. The departments of electronics and information technology, and revenue are in the process of finalising their feedbacks on a majority of Apple’s demands that fall within their respective domains. Apple has turned to India, the world’s fastest-growing smart phone market, to reverse slowing global sales, according to analysts. Also, with cost of production in China rising due to soaring wages, among other things, the company is perhaps looking at diversifying its manufacturing base out of China, they said. The company doesn’t make its own products; rather, it does it through contract manufacturers, including Foxconn and Pegatron. So, if Apple sets up a base here, the contract manufacturers may also establish units here to cater to the tech major’s demands, they said. Currently, Apple sells its products in India through a network of local distributors and retailers. Most of the company’s items are assembled in China, usually by Foxconn Technology. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Monsanto termination of sub-licence with Indian co illegal: HC Unruly passengers: Government mulls no-fliers list, other options Canadian cyclist held by Naxals in Bastar is safe: Police UK opens new consultation on caste discrimination QuEST global to take 1,800 persons in next three years Aadhaar applications with same biometrics, UIADI files FIR RSS foisting fundamentalist agenda through BJP governments: Akhilesh Yadav Millennials, hoping to find real connections, ban the booze Set up second line of defence of border youths to check infiltration: MP Pratap Singh Bajwa to PM Modi Government, airlines discuss UDAN, Delhi airport terminal issues Now a grenade with spicy jelly to tackle protests in Jammu and Kashmir Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News डोनाल्ड ट्रंप ने दिया पीएम नरेंद्र मोदी को वाशिंगटन आने का न्यौता व्‍हाइट हाउस के बाहर मिले संदिग्‍ध पैकेट से फैली सनसनी, बिल्डिंग सील कर सीक्रेट सर्विस कर रही जांच भाजपा शासित यूपी, उत्‍तराखंड, महाराष्‍ट्र में कई स्‍टोर्स खोलेगी वॉलमार्ट, कभी उमा भारती ने कहा था- खुला तो आग लगा दूंगी Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple What’s next for Apple Music and Beats 1: Original content, revamped apps, more Beats, live events & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: A spring iPad event now seems unlikely, but that 10.5-inch iPad is probably still real Trending in Apple Opinion: The new low-cost iPad is further evidence of a new approach to Apple’s pricing Trending in Apple What’s next for Siri: Apple’s advantage for its Echo/Google Home competitor Trending in Apple Comment: I’m wondering whether even Apple could pull off smart glasses we’d actually want to wear Trending in Apple Roundup: Here’s everything we currently know about the new iPads coming this year March 23 AAPL: 140.92 -0.50 What feature would you most like to see included in iOS 11 this year? [Poll] Chance Miller - Mar. 23rd 2017 5:54 pm PT @ChanceHMiller 9to5Mac Polls iOS View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit As we near the release of iOS 10.3, attention is slowly turning towards iOS 11 and what features Apple has in store for the update. Apple will likely preview the next major iOS release at WWDC in June, subsequently releasing developer betas and later making it available to the public. What feature do you most want to see come with iOS 11? Mujjo Wallet iPhone 7 Case Earlier this year, we highlighted a few things that could potentially be in the pipeline for future iOS updates. One thing worth noting here, however, is that software leaks often emerge less often than hardware leaks. This is primarily due to the fact that it’s tested entirely inside Apple, whereas hardware is designed by Apple and later prototyped and manufactured by companies abroad. Nevertheless, it’s always fun to speculate as to what features Apple might be working on. One thing that’s apparent is that Apple has a vested interest in augmented reality. It’s somewhat unclear if anything relating to this technology will be unveiled at WWDC, but if it’s indeed coming with the iPhone 8, it will be a part of iOS 11 when it’s released in the fall. As for what to expect, Apple is reportedly working to integrate the technology into the Camera app at first. Another oft-rumored feature is Dark Mode. It seems like every year this feature makes the rounds, but with the iPhone 8’s expected switch to OLED, which offers deeper blacks, Dark Mode may finally come to fruition this year. Many have also called on Apple to make improvements to iOS in regards to the iPad. As the company continues to market its tablet, specifically the “Pro” model, as an alternative to PCs, updates to make the iPad software more powerful seem all-but-guarenteed. It’s also been rumored that Apple is working on a Siri Speaker, and thus updates to Siri as well. Siri as a whole lags behind other artificial intelligence assistants on the market, so it’s likely that Apple is working on upgrades in this area, as well. Seeing that this year marks the 10th anniversary of the iPhone and iOS (iPhone OS), it’s likely that Apple has a lot up its sleeve. Keep in mind, however, that things change and much of this is speculative at this point. These features are very much just the tip of the iceberg. What feature do you most want to see when iOS 11 is released later this year? Let us know in the poll and comments below. For a full rundown of everything that could be in store for iOS, read our “What’s Next?” post here. Take Our Poll Chance Miller @ChanceHMiller Chance covers Apple for 9to5Mac and contributes to 9to5Google, Electrek, and 9to5Toys. He runs the weekly EduTech series. Tips, questions, typos to chance@9to5mac.com Favorite Gear Bose QuietComfort 35s Samsung U28E590D 28-Inch 4K Monitor Phillips Hue Light Strip Guides 9to5Mac Polls View THe Guide iOS View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software The Midnight Black OnePlus 3T is finally available for purchase 58 minutes ago Telegram Messenger receives UI overhaul on Windows phones 1 hour ago Lenovo announces the VR-ready ThinkStation P320 3 hours ago Samsung's hottest announcement is on the way, but its stores can't stand the heat 3 hours ago View all recent news Telegram Messenger receives UI overhaul on Windows phones 1 hour ago Lenovo announces the VR-ready ThinkStation P320 3 hours ago Microsoft "responded in under 30 minutes" to email info request after London terror attack 7 hours ago Windows 10 Creators Update is now available to install using Microsoft's Update Assistant 9 hours ago View all Microsoft news Google Home will be available in the UK from April 6, priced at £129 10 hours ago Google loses over 250 YouTube advertisers due to misplaced ads on extremist videos 23 hours ago Google reintroduces "Free App of the Week" section on the Play Store Mar 27, 2017 LG G6 unboxing and first impressions Mar 26, 2017 View all Google news Apple releases iOS 10.3, macOS 10.12.4 Sierra, watchOS 3.2, and tvOS 10.2 to the public Mar 27, 2017 T-Mobile updates some of its protection plans to include AppleCare Mar 27, 2017 7 Days: A week of Android announcements, Windows 10 anticipation, and fresh fruit Mar 25, 2017 Apple's new iPad, iPhone SE, and PRODUCT(RED) iPhone 7 are on sale now Mar 24, 2017 View all Apple news LosslessCut 1.6.0 14 hours ago Bandizip 6.0 out of beta, final version released Mar 27, 2017 Chasys Draw IES 4.44.01 Mar 27, 2017 PeaZip 6.4.0 Mar 27, 2017 View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Logitech BRIO review: The best webcam you can buy 6 hours ago Oukitel U15S review: A combination of wrong choices Mar 20, 2017 Nintendo Switch Review: Jack of all trades or master (system) of none? Mar 12, 2017 ZTE Blade V8 Pro Review: A phone that attempts to deliver everything you want for under $230 Mar 7, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials Unboxing and application of the Spigen GLAS.tR SLIM HD screen protector for Nintendo Switch Mar 27, 2017 LG G6 unboxing and first impressions Mar 26, 2017 Unboxing the Nintendo Switch Pro Controller Mar 24, 2017 Official Nintendo Switch unboxing video debuts, this time it's not a stolen unit Feb 22, 2017 View all unboxings ISOs for Windows 10 Creators Update build 15063 can now be downloaded from Microsoft [Update] 19 hours ago Windows 10 Creators Update is now available to install using Microsoft's Update Assistant 9 hours ago LastPass working on security update for newly discovered browser extension vulnerability Mar 27, 2017 Destiny 2 becomes official 23 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Save over $500 off The Ultimate DevOps Mastery Bundle - price dropped to just $35 6 hours ago Save 52% off the Porta Memory 3-Pronged Flash Drive - get for just $59.95 via Neowin Deals Mar 27, 2017 Get this this ISACA Certified Information Systems Auditor Training for just $29 Mar 24, 2017 Get a a lifetime subscription to TNT Stream Unblocker Plus for just $39.99 via Neowin Deals Mar 23, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Apple may start manufacturing iPhones in India By Ben Esapa Neowin LLC · Mar 24, 2017 with 7 comments The Wall Street Journal reports that Apple is soon to start manufacturing iPhones in India, reaffirmin﻿g claims made by an Indian IT minister last month. The report suggests that the Taiwanese manufacturer, Wistron Corp, will be responsible for the production of the iPhone 6 and 6s, that could happen within the next four to six weeks. Furthermore, the same plant would be responsible for manufacturing the iPhone SE, which would occur in approximately three months. Apple and Wistron have made no comments about specific plans for expansion in India, but with Apple holding less than five percent of the Indian market share, and with the company also having exclusively released a 32GB iPhone 6 for Asian markets, the decision could be indicative of intentions for brand growth in Asia. News of the manufacturing move comes at an interesting time for Apple, which has recently announced a new iPad model and released the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition. They have also recently come under criticism for diverting taxes in New Zealand. Source: The Wall Street Journal via The Verge | Image via The Verge Tags Apple Iphone Iphone6 Iphone 6s Iphone se Manufacturing India Wistron Bangalore Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story LinkedIn launches new 'Trending Storylines' feature Next Story Xbox One Insider Preview build 15063.1003 now available in Alpha ring - here's what's new Advertisement Community Activity Refresh Windows 10 Creators Update is now available to install using Microsoft's Update Assistant in Front Page News Samsung's hottest announcement is on the way, but its stores can't stand the heat in Front Page News How to install windows 10 (UEFI) on a second drive when you already have it installed on an NVMe drive in Microsoft (Windows) Support Network Storage WD My Cloud 2TB - Good solution? in Hardware Hangout Elon Musk has launched Neuralink; wants to turn everyone into cyborgs in Front Page News Horizon Zero Dawn in Sony Console Google Home will be available in the UK from April 6, priced at £129 in Front Page News The Midnight Black OnePlus 3T is finally available for purchase in Front Page News Trending Stories ISOs for Windows 10 Creators Update build 15063 can now be downloaded from Microsoft [Update] 18 hours ago with 30 comments Windows 10 Creators Update is now available to install using Microsoft's Update Assistant 9 hours ago with 71 comments LastPass working on security update for newly discovered browser extension vulnerability Mar 27, 2017 with 5 comments Destiny 2 becomes official 23 hours ago with 1 comment Related Stories Hackers threaten to remotely wipe iPhones unless Apple pays a ransom [Update] Mar 22, 2017 · Hot! Personal playlist sharing comes to Groove Music on iOS Mar 2, 2017 Apple might eliminate 32GB option for the iPhone 8 Feb 21, 2017 Apple is set to begin manufacturing iPhones in India, minister suggests Feb 3, 2017 deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $39.00 92% off CompTIA IT Certification Bundle $1,077.00 $49.00 95% off Complete C# Coding Bootcamp $765.00 $41.00 95% off Master Unity By Building 6 Fully-Featured Games from Scratch $30.00 $15.00 50% off Ethical Hacking A to Z Bundle $1,273.00 $39.00 97% off Show Comments 7 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Creators Update now available to install using Microsoft's Update Assistant tall promo only review Nintendo Switch: Jack of all trades or master (system) of none? nintendo switch review Oukitel U15S: A combination of wrong choices oukitel u15s The new features and improvements coming soon to Windows 10 tall promo only video LG G6: Unboxing and first impressions lg g6 There are now more than 10 million Windows Insiders windows insider Microsoft has removed all Lumia Windows phones from its UK store lumia Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Insider Access Stallion Sphere Advertise Video Forum Contact Menu Home USA Canada Australia New Zealand UK / IRE Europe Bamond trainers bring experience to Series 01:00 PM 24 Mar 2017 NZDT Comment (...) Tweet Share Email Print Back to Home page Jeff Bamond Jr. Ken Weingartner Photo ONKERS, N.Y. - Since taking over the training of his father’s Bamond Harness Racing Stable, two years ago, Jeff Bamond Jr. has reached the sport’s greatest heights. His starters have won a host of Grand Circuit stakes across the country and have achieved overnight success at Yonkers Raceway; last year, Bamond finished fourth in the Yonkers trainer standings with 98 victories and $2,118,162 in purses earned. Despite his success, the 32-year-old maintains a humble attitude. “I’ve been blessed. I have a good opportunity and I’m fortunate to make the most of it,” he said. “There’s not much I can say about it. I’ve been very blessed and not a lot of people have that opportunity.” Three of Bamond’s biggest stars will be on display this weekend at Yonkers. Krispy Apple will start in Friday’s second leg of the Blue Chip Matchmaker Series while Mach It So and P H Supercam are set to race in Saturday’s George Morton Levy Series second leg. Krispy Apple made her first start of the season March 10 when she finished seventh in the $50,000 Filly and Mare Open Handicap from post position eight. While she didn’t make an impression, Bamond felt the start was valuable. “I think you always get something out of it. Unfortunately when you get fractions that let really good mares come home in 27 seconds, you’re not really going to go anywhere when you’re 7 or 8 lengths away. It can help you when you finally do draw inside,” he said. Krispy Apple is 9-years-old and last week, began contesting the Matchmaker Series for the sixth consecutive year. She won the $75,000 consolation as a 4-year-old in 2012 and has made the final every year since. While her work in the series has been strong, luck has worked against the earner of $1.86 million. In her four tries in the Matchmaker final, she’s started from posts eight, seven, five, and six. “It’s about time she gets lucky at some point,” Bamond joked. “Maybe this will be her year. Some of these horses, the series takes a lot out of them. That’s the hardest part about the series. It’s so hard to make the final, but then when you get there, you have to make sure you have some horse left.” Krispy Apple concluded her 2016 campaign December 16 and enjoyed a month long break from training. The easy-going daughter of Western Ideal out of Apple Krisp trained back as willingly as ever ahead of her first start. “There’s not much to her in a sense. She’s pretty low maintenance and does a good job of taking care of herself. You wouldn’t know she’s even there,” Bamond explained. “She jogs pretty much every day and trains once or twice a week. She’s pretty easy to bring back.” Last week, Krispy Apple finished fifth behind Mach It A Par and Bedroomconfessions in the first leg of the Matchmaker. While she started from post seven and was 10 1/4 lengths behind at the quarter, Krispy Apple closed with a :27.0 final quarter to finish just 3 1/4 lengths back. She earned 5 points for her finish and another 25 for starting, bringing her point total to 30. This week, Krispy Apple is set for a rematch with Bedroomconfessions and she finally drew a post position she can work with. She’ll start from post three as a 7-2 morning line while Bedroomconfessions is 9-5 from the pylons. Brett Miller will drive Krispy Apple for the second straight week. “(Brett Miller) was willing to come over. He’s done a really good job in the last couple years with some stakes horses,” Bamond said of his choice of driver. “Jason (Bartlett) had a real big drive in Mach It A Par; I knew that would be risky whether we would get him or not because that mare has been really good. I figured you might as well bring somebody in and maybe it will work out. “Hopefully she can get away somewhere good. Whatever Brett wants do, whether he leaves. Either way, she should be a lot closer this week than before. Hopefully it works out in that regard.” Bamond will send out Mach It So and P H Supercam in Saturday night’s second and third division of the Levy, respectively. Mach It So is in his third year of Levy competition and like his stablemate, has bad luck at the draw of the final. The past three years, the $1.7 million-earning son of Mach Three has started from post seven twice. The other time, he drew post eight. Mach It So made his first start of the season in last week’s series opener. He finished third beaten a neck while chasing the streaking ProvocativeprinceN and Rockin Ron. “I thought he was good. There was definitely some sharp horses that finished first and second. They had raced a couple more times,” Bamond said of the competition. “I was happy with him. I though he finished up good.” Although Mach It So had two qualifiers to prepare for his seasonal debut, Bamond says there’s no substitute for the real thing. He expects Mach It So to race even better this week. “I think a lot of times you see horses qualify even three times and sometimes you’ll see horses go a really fast qualifier, like 1:50. In their first start, they still look like they need a start. I don’t think you can really duplicate a race whether you qualify once, twice, three times, or whatever it is,” he reasoned. Mach It So is the 5-2 favorite in his Levy division and will employ the services of regular driver Tim Tetrick. From post four, he will start just to the outside of his main rivals, including last year’s champion Bit Of A Legend, Soto, winner of a Levy division last week, and Rockin Ron. “He’s in with some good horses again. Obviously it’s a tough series. You’re always going to get one or two really good horses and the rest are competitive too,” Bamond said. “I think he can do anything Timmy wants. He can leave, he can come off the pace. That’s what I think it’s the best thing for him, he can make a game plan as he goes along there. He’s a little bit of a trip horse in the sense that I think Timmy will try to find a good trip for him. If you want to get a good trip, Tim’s a good man to get.” While Krispy Apple and Mach It So represent his best chances, Bamond will also send out one of the stable’s veterans, 10-year-old P H Supercam, in the third Levy division Saturday night. The son of Million Dollar Cam is a 53-time winner from 213 starts. His victory in the 2014 Levy Series Final contributed to his $1.5 million bankroll. “I think maybe age is catching up to him a little bit, but I felt like we owed it to him to put him in there just because I know he’s been so good in there,” Bamond said, alluding to P H Supercam’s recent form. The gelding is winless in nine starts this year, but looks to turn the tables this week with a favorable draw. Still, he’s a 15-1 outsider on the morning line. “He didn’t have a good post last week. He’d been leaving out of there a couple weeks in a row. I wanted to give him another shot to come off the pace and see if he can regain what he does best, which is chase down some horses.” Friday’s card at Yonkers features three divisions of the Blue Chip Matchmaker series while Saturday’s card features four Levy divisions. First post time is 7:10 p.m. each night. by Brandon Valvo for the SOA of NY Comment (...) Tweet Share Email Print Read More News About... United States Harness Racing International Harness Racing George Morton Levy Memorial Pacing Series Blue Chip Matchmaker Jeff Bamond Jr Brandon Valvo Stallion Name Next article: Latest News Popular Comments Make this country default Europe New Zealand Australia Canada USA Down Under star's arrival has owner upbeat 29-Mar-2017 05:03 AM NZDT Walnridge Farms Dr. David Meirs, II passes 29-Mar-2017 05:03 AM NZDT Monticello Raceway Pick 5 carryover 29-Mar-2017 03:03 AM NZDT Sailer Eddie ekes out photo finish win 28-Mar-2017 21:03 PM NZDT Connors’ Comments at Pocono Downs 28-Mar-2017 17:03 PM NZDT Cousin Mary sweeps away Petticoat Pacing Series 28-Mar-2017 17:03 PM NZDT $20,000 preliminaries get underway 28-Mar-2017 17:03 PM NZDT Includes Video < Prev Next > Make this country default Europe New Zealand Australia Canada USA Includes Video < Prev Next > Make this country default Europe New Zealand Australia Canada USA Includes Video See all Latest News < Prev Next > © 2017 Harnesslink  |  All Rights Reserved  |  Disclaimers  |  Privacy Policy  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Website by WebSpring: web design NZ
New Atlas Lifestyle Science Technology Transport Search Subscribe Mobile Technology Apple iPad (2017) vs. Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Emily Ferron March 23, 2017 Apple and Samsung are both releasing new tablets this week, but the iPad takes an entry-level approach and the Tab S3 is a top shelf device.  Here's how they compare.  View gallery - 22 images Samsung and Apple both have 9.7-in tablets launching this week. However, the two makers are taking very different approaches to their respective devices: Samsung's Tab S3 has higher-end specs and features, while Apple's new iPad is relatively entry-level. Let's compare the two. Size Sick of Ads? Join more than 500 New Atlas Plus subscribers who read our newsletter and website without ads. It's just US$19 a year.More Information The iPad has a slightly bigger form factor, but it's not more than a millimeter or two larger in any dimension. Weight The lightest version of this iPad is nearly 9-percent heavier than its Tab S3 counterpart. That's a difference of 40 g (only about 0.09 lbs) but it could make a difference if you regularly hold your tablet in one hand. Build The Samsung device's glass back panel and aluminum frame seem a little more sophisticated than the iPad's familiar aluminum unibody, but then again, glass could be an impractical choice for a handheld device. Colors Both makers opt for unsurprising metallic and neutral color variants. Display size These two tablets have the same display size and 4:3 aspect ratio. Display resolution They also have identical resolution and pixel densities. The Tab S3 also supports HDR, which might mean a visible increase in color gamut and contrast ratio. But since that HDR designation is according to Samsung's self-determined standard, it's difficult to quantify how much that might improve the viewing experience. Fingerprint sensor Both offer biometric logins through a home button-integrated fingerprint sensor. Cellular connectivity Both offer Wi-Fi-only and Wi-Fi + LTE variants, so you can opt for a device that lets you surf the web using your cellular data plan. Keyboard support This iPad can only connect to third-party Bluetooth keyboard accessories. The Tab S3 has the advantage of a snap-in Pogo keyboard connection, so its companion keyboard (available from Samsung for US$130) draws power from the tablet and does not need to be charged separately. Stylus This budget iPad does not support the Apple Pencil, but the Tab S3 is compatible with the 0.7-mm pressure-sensitive S Pen and even includes it in the box. Chip The iPad contains Apple's A9 chip, which is not the latest and greatest but is still capable for most web surfing and mobile apps. The Tab S3 has more processing power in the form of Qualcomm's Snapdragon 820 chip. Note that the clock speed for the A9 in the new iPad is unconfirmed; this guess comes from the A9 in the iPhone 6s series. RAM Apple doesn't usually publish RAM amounts for its mobile devices, but it's very likely that this tablet contains the same 2 GB of memory that the other 9.7-inch iPads have. (We'll know for sure once product teardowns become available.) The Tab S3 has twice as much, but to be fair, their respective operating systems use RAM differently. Charging/data port The iPad has Apple's Lightning port, while the Galaxy Tab S3 rocks the more-universal USB Type C standard. Storage Apple finally got rid of its too-small 16 GB mobile devices. This iPad is available in both 32 and 128 GB sizes, while the Tab S3 only has the 32 GB option. MicroSD However, Samsung has helpfully included a microSD slot for expandable storage up to 256 GB. Good luck trying to find that feature on a recent Apple product. Camera megapixels The Samsung tablet's camera handily beats the iPad's in terms of resolution. We don't use the rear-facing camera on our tablets all too often, but the Tab S3's front-facing camera should make for appreciably sharper selfies and video calls. Battery The two manufacturers offer similar battery life estimates, but those are to be taken with a grain of salt. A full charge will probably offer a full day of use on either device, but battery life varies depending on what you're doing. Speakers Samsung adds an additional pair of speakers to its tablet, and the sound even rotates along with the tablet orientation. Software The iPad, of course, runs Apple's latest mobile operating system, iOS 10. The Tab S3 runs Android Nougat with Samsung's TouchWiz UI on top. Multitasking Both mobile operating systems offer some degree of split-screen multitasking, so you can view and use more than one app at the same time. Release These tablets hit the market at practically the same time. The Tab S3 was unveiled at the Mobile World Congress last month. It's up for pre-order now, to start shipping and hitting US shelves on March 24. The iPad goes up for sale on March 24 and starts shipping the following week. Starting price The two makers take a very different approach to their latest tablets, and this is most apparent in their price points. The $600 Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 is angled to be a premium Android competitor to a higher-end tablet like the iPad Pro. Meanwhile, Apple's $329 iPad is the company's least expensive tablet ever. Clearly it's meant to be an entry-level device (at least as far as Apple products go) that still delivers all the iPad essentials without major compromises. Wi-FI + LTE variants are more expensive, but on the plus side, you may be able to get one from your carrier on a favorable payment plan. We'll post full-length reviews in due course. In the meantime, check out our hands-on impressions of the Tab S3 from the Mobile World Congress. View gallery - 22 images Apple iPad (2017) vs. Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 1 / 22 Apple and Samsung are both releasing new tablets this week, but the iPad takes an entry-level approach and the Tab S3 is a top shelf device.  Here's how they compare.  MicroSD Stylus Fingerprint sensor Cellular connectivity Starting price (full retail) Release Operating system Speakers Battery Camera megapixels Built-in storage levels Charging/data port RAM Processor Keyboard support Display resolution Color variants Build materials Weight Dimensions Display size Tags #Tablet #Galaxy Tab #Product Comparison #Apple #iPad #Samsung Share this article Post a comment Top stories One Big Question: Why is artificial intelligence still kind of dumb? 2017 BMW S1000RR review: Quiet confidence meets outrageous velocity World's largest artificial Sun rises in Germany DNA-repairing drug could fight aging and radiation damage Sponsored Content Recommended for you Sponsored Content Latest in Mobile Technology Forget bezel-free displays, we want smartphones that don't need a case Moto G5 Plus review: The best budget smartphone Apple iPad (2017) vs. Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 iPad (2017) vs. iPad Air 2 Why buying a top-shelf smartphone makes less sense than ever Apple makes the right moves with cheaper new iPad What we’ll likely see at Samsung’s Galaxy S8 launch event Mobile 101: What does HDR mean for tablet, smartphone and laptop displays? NCAA March Madness is the latest sporting event to get virtual reality coverage Google announces Android O: Picture-in-picture, autofill and more Researchers create an app that makes you tilt and roll to type Apple unveilings: An affordable iPad, a red iPhone and a mobile video app Latest phone comparisons LG G6 vs. Moto G5 Plus Moto G5 Plus vs. iPhone SE Moto G5 Plus vs. Moto G4 Plus Moto G5 Plus vs. Moto Z LG G6 vs. iPhone 7 LG G6 vs. LG V20 LG G6 vs. OnePlus 3 and 3T Moto G5 Plus vs. OnePlus 3T LG G6 vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge LG G6 vs. Google Pixel XL HTC U Ultra vs. Moto Z HTC U Ultra vs. HTC 10 Editors Choice Getting out of Auto: Understanding the exposure triangle Compare the latest tech gear Can the Goodenough lab invent the battery to jumpstart the electric car revolution? Gallery: F1 teams come to grips with a new formula for 2017 In photos: Exotic sports car madness at the 2017 Geneva Motor Show What will the James Webb Space Telescope reveal about the newly discovered exoplanets? Zoltan Istvan on transhumanism, politics and why the human body has to go Flight of the Blackbird: The how, what and why of the incredible SR-71 Counting the days: Our five most anticipated upcoming buildings Safety last: Russian hoverbike is equally amazing and horrifying Purple Monster stretches the definition of a "tiny house" Stranger than friction: Inside the SpaceX Hyperloop Pod Competition Over 255,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address Top Home About Contact Privacy Terms & Conditions Advertise Copyright © Gizmag Pty Ltd 2017 Twitter Facebook RSS Flipboard Gizmag is now New Atlas
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Hackers Still Threatening To Wipe Apple Devices By Tyler Lee on 03/23/2017 17:23 PDT As you might have heard, a group of hackers have recently come out and threatened Apple that if they did not pay a ransom, they would remotely wipe millions of Apple devices. Apple has since come forward and denied that iCloud and Apple IDs have not been breached, and that they will be actively monitoring the situation. We’re not sure what the real situation is, but according to an email sent to BGR, the hacker group calling themselves the Turkish Crime Family is claiming that their threat is still valid and if Apple does not pay the ransom, they will indeed proceed with the wipe which they claim the deadline is on the 7th of April. The message reads, “[We] requested $100,000 for each of our members which is 7 in total or $1 million worth in iTunes vouchers for instant resale at 60% of the original gift card value + Some private stuff that we have agreed not to publicize as we believe it may ruin Turkish Crime Family and Apple relations. The second thing is worth more to us than money.” It is possible that maybe Apple could try to settle things behind the scenes, but we guess we’ll never know. However as far as the company’s public statement is concerned, iCloud and Apple IDs are safe, and any of those accounts that are compromised have been blamed on third-party services. Filed in Apple >Cellphones. Read more about hack, iOS, iPhone and Security. Related Articles 2017-03-24 Report Confirms Some iCloud Credentials Held By Hackers As Legit 2017-03-23 Apple Denies iCloud Or Apple ID Breaches 2017-03-22 Hackers Threaten To Wipe Millions Of Apple Devices 2017-03-15 Researchers Use Sound Waves To Trick Your Phone’s Motion Sensors 2017-03-14 Apple Hires Jailbreak Expert To Improve iPhone’s Security 2017-02-04 The FBI’s iPhone Cracking Tools Have Been Released To The Public Study Finds That iPhones Have A High Failure Rate iPhone 8 Cable Will Switch To USB Type-C Apple’s CEO Tim Cook Pledges To Support ‘Pro’ Users Tim Cook Teases ‘The Best Is Yet To Come’ For The iPhone Man Claims His MacBook Pro Saved Him From Taking A Bullet Meet Acorn, The OS That Almost Made Its Way Onto The iPhone iOS 10 Now Installed On 76% Of iOS Devices Energous’ ‘True’ Wireless Charging To Ship Later This Year User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Apple iCloud ransom demands: The facts you need to know Welcome to the wonderful world of security nuance. By Zack Whittaker for Zero Day | March 23, 2017 -- 22:53 GMT (15:53 PDT) | Topic: Security (Image: file photo) Hackers are demanding Apple pay a ransom in bitcoin or they'll blow the lid off millions of iCloud account credentials. Beyond the primary headline, however, there are a bevy of loose ends and nuances to ponder. So far, we know that a London-based hacker group, calling itself the Turkish Crime Family, has claimed to have access to 250 million accounts (at the time of writing). The hackers are threatening to reset the passwords on those iCloud accounts and remotely wipe iPhones if Apple doesn't pay a ransom by April 7. Those demands have since changed and increased. Motherboard, which first reported the story, noted that the media-hungry group has approached multiple outlets, possibly to help its extortion efforts. More security news Senate votes to repeal broadband privacy rules How to protect your Apple iCloud account The uncrackable problem of end-to-end encryption Passwords: Workers say they will hand them over for next to nothing For its part, Apple has said it hasn't been hacked. In a brief statement to sister-site CNET, the company said the data came from "previously compromised third-party services," and that it is "actively monitoring to prevent unauthorized access to user accounts." That seems to tie in with what the hackers said in an email to some members of the press late on Wednesday. The hackers denied any direct breach of Apple systems. What muddies the water is that the hackers also appear in some cases to have passwords that have been only used for iCloud. Welcome to the wonderful world of security nuance. We have worked for the past few days to get to the bottom of this. Here's what we've learned. ZDNet obtained a set of 54 credentials from the hacker group for verification. All the 54 accounts were valid, based on a check using the site's password reset function. (You can learn more about how we verify data breaches here.) These accounts include "icloud.com," dating back to 2011, and legacy "me.com" and "mac.com" domains from as early as 2000. The list of credentials contained just email addresses and plain-text passwords, separated by a colon, which according to Troy Hunt, data breach expert and owner of notification site Have I Been Pwned, makes it likely that the data "could be aggregated from various sources." We started working to contact each person, one by one, to confirm their password. Most of the accounts are no longer registered with iMessage and could not be immediately reached. However, 10 people in total confirmed that their passwords were accurate, and have now changed them. Those 10 people we spoke to were based in the UK, and had UK cell phone numbers. All the people we spoke to were on different cell networks. (A person representing the hacker group, who is allegedly no longer a member, told me that the data is "handled in groups" but would not explain how or why. The hackers refused to hand over a US-based sample of accounts.) The same 10 people confirmed that they had used the same password since opening their iCloud accounts. According to the responses, most of the people had the same passwords on their accounts for "about four or five years" since iCloud's debut. One person said specifically that the password he confirmed with us was no longer in use as of about two years ago, which narrows down the possible date of a breach or multiple breaches to somewhere between 2011 and 2015. Some of the people we spoke to only own iPhones, while others own Macs and iPads but do not own an iPhone. That may rule out if an individual Apple product line was compromised in some way. We also asked if their accounts were used on other services to potentially verify if another site had been compromised. Most of the people we spoke to confirmed that they used their iCloud email address and password on other sites, such as Facebook and Twitter. However, three people said that their iCloud email address and password were unique to iCloud, and were not used on any other site -- a key anomaly that, if accurate, we can't explain. Two of the people we spoke to confirmed that someone had tried to reset their iCloud accounts in the past day. One of the people said that they had received login notifications on Twitter, which used the same iCloud email address and password. This seems fitting with the hackers' apparent desires to reset accounts as they claim. "All from London [where the hackers claim to be located], from different browsers at the same time," confirmed the iCloud account holder. Security 101 Tips for protecting your privacy from hackers and spies Take these simple steps to help protect yourself against hackers and government surveillance. Read More It's clear that there's something to the hackers' claims, given that they have some working iCloud account credentials. But it's not known exactly how many, or if the sample that was sent was representative of the wider pool or was carefully selected. Based on our experience and our interactions with the group and its members, it's evident that the group is naïve and inexperienced. Based on its grandiose claims and its cherry-picking media outlets to cover its claims, it's also clear that the group is gunning for publicity. When we began asking the group questions, the conversation quickly turned to whether or not CBS News (which like ZDNet is also owned by CBS), would also cover the group's claims. The group also appears disorganized, and unable to maintain order within its own ranks -- seen by the apparent "firing" of one of its members, who ran the Twitter account. It also can't seem to stay on message, as evidenced by the need to correct the record after reporters "misunderstood the situation." "A breach means nothing in 2017 when you can just pull the exact same user information in smaller scales through companies that aren't as secure," said the group in a Pastebin post. We can't be sure that this is something big, but based on our reporting, we can't say that it's nothing. Those using two-factor authentication or Apple's trusted device system should be protected. But concerned users should change their Apple iCloud password through this link. Look for the green padlock icon in the address bar and that the web address clearly says "iforgot.apple.com". Change your password to a long password with differently-cased letters and numbers with special characters. Using a password manager can considerably help in generating strong passwords, as well as storing them. We have more security advice here. Apple did not respond to questions we sent earlier on Thursday. ZDNET INVESTIGATIONS US government pushed tech firms to hand over source code At the US border, expect discrimination, detention, searches, and interrogation Leaked: TSA documents reveal New York airport's wave of security lapses Meet the shadowy tech brokers that deliver your data to the NSA Trump aides' use of encrypted messaging may violate records law An unsecured database leaves off-the-grid energy customers exposed Inside the global terror watchlist that secretly shadows millions Security flaws in Pentagon servers "likely" under attack by hackers Revealed: How one Amazon Kindle scam made millions of dollars US government subcontractor leaks confidential military personnel data Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Security MIT: US cyber insecurity a 'disgrace' that Trump needs to take seriously Security Security? What security? Four million data records are stolen or lost every day Security Apple iCloud hack threat gets worse: Here's what we've learned Security Adware rewrites phone details for legitimate security software on Google search × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
India obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu T&C APPLY Apple is convincing more Indians to buy iPhones but has yet to win over the government Written by Ananya Bhattacharya Obsession Sourced March 23, 2017 Quartz india Lots of back and forth. (AP Photo/Press Information Bureau of India) Share Written by Ananya Bhattacharya Obsession Sourced March 23, 2017 Quartz india The Indian government is showing Apple who’s boss. In 2016, iPhone maker sold 2.5 million units in India, its most ever. And while Chinese vendors led the lower-priced devices market, Apple ruled the premium segment—handsets priced above US$450—with 62% of the market. Apple sales got an unlikely boost from demonetization in November. The company also made headway with the otherwise-resistant government and it is finally setting up shop in India. Within weeks, Apple is expected to start producing (paywall) the iPhone 6, iPhone 6S, and iPhone SE out of Taiwanese manufacturer Wistron’s Bengaluru factory and it has secured permission to set up a distribution center on the outskirts of Mumbai. But the Modi government has been quick to remind the Cupertino, California giant that the bigger battle is yet to be won. Most of the concessions Apple has sought have not been granted, commerce and industry minister Nirmala Sitharaman told the Rajya Sabha (Council of States). Since January, Apple has pushed to relax the mandated 30% local sourcing of components, and to waive custom duties on components. On March 22, Sitharaman said her ministry had denied “concessions including duty exemption on manufacturing and repair units, components, capital equipment (including parts) and consumables for smartphone manufacturing and service/repair for a period of 15 years.” Apple has struggled to gain a strong foothold in India, where its products can cost more than US$1,000—well above the $158 average smartphone price in the South Asian country. Before seeking financial incentives, Apple tried to curb costs in other ways: It sought permission to sell refurbished second-hand devices, but the government blocked those plans, citing India’s snowballing e-waste problem. Recently, Apple resurrected the discontinued iPhone 6 at a lower price. But with comparatively weak services and stiff competition from Chinese phones, Apple has a long way to go. Most Popular Employee burnout is becoming a huge problem in the American workforce Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Skip to content 512 Pixels About Projects Sponsor Book → RSS → Apple II Forever Photos » March 23, 2017March 23, 2017 ⌘ Permalink Peter Hartlaub at the San Francisco Chronicle: “Apple II Forever” was an event staged by a company still working out the bugs. The April 24, 1984, press and exhibitor gathering was late to start and later to finish. Apple executives sat on the kind of metal folding chairs that one would find at a recreation center singles dance. Steve Jobs — hair feathered gloriously — hadn’t quite settled into his permanent turtleneck-and-jeans uniform yet, choosing a bow tie, suspenders and Velcro-strapped Nike high-tops. But even at this early public launch of the Apple IIc computer, the marketing panache that would infuse countless future Apple events could be seen. We recently found rare Chronicle archive photos of the event at Moscone Center in San Francisco — one of the first spectacle-permeated launches of a new Apple product. The photos were taken by Gary Fong, a longtime Chronicle photographer and photo editor who often found artistic ways to shoot routine happenings. Oh. My. Goodness. Click through for some amazing photos of a very young Steve Jobs, but be sure to listen to this, too: Post navigation ← Previous Post Next Post → RSS Sponsorship: The best way to advertise on 512 Pixels is via the RSS feed. Exclusive for one week, sponsored posts come with a whole pile of benefits.   512 Pixels is a blog written by Stephen Hackett about things that light up and make noise. Follow via RSS or Twitter. YouTube | Apple History Library | Archive | Contact copyright 2008-2017, Hackett Technical Media, LLC made with love in Memphis, Tennessee
Skip to main content Wed, Mar 29, 2017 Government & Economy » BT All News Weekly News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News News HomeBreakingToday's PaperOpinionSMELifestyleInfographicsVideosFocusBlogsMagsHubE-Paper All News Top StoriesCompanies & MarketsStocksReal EstateBanking & FinanceEnergy & CommoditiesTechnologyConsumerTransportGovernment & EconomyOpinionLife & Culture Weekly Views From the TopYoung Investors' ForumDining OutSMEExecutive MoneyThe Raffles ConversationBrunchInvesting & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Lifestyle HomeF&BArtsMoviesMusicDesignStyleTravelWellnessCarsGadgets FeatureWeekend InterviewCity BuzzReviewsJaimEEatsHauntNostalgia You are here Home > Government & Economy WikiLeaks releases CIA hacks of Apple Mac computers Friday, March 24, 2017 - 07:46 The Central Intelligence Agency is able to permanently infect an Apple Mac computer so that even reinstalling the operating system will not erase the bug, according to documents published Thursday by WikiLeaks. PHOTO: AFP [WASHINGTON] The Central Intelligence Agency is able to permanently infect an Apple Mac computer so that even reinstalling the operating system will not erase the bug, according to documents published Thursday by WikiLeaks. In its second release allegedly from the CIA's arsenal of hacking tools, WikiLeaks also said that it appears the US spy agency has been able since 2008 to insert it bugs onto new and unused iPhones by intervening in Apple's supply and distribution network. The release follows the initial publication on March 9 by the anti-secrecy group of thousands of pages of instructions and code from what it called the entire CIA arsenal of hacking tools. The documents are generally believed to be genuine although the CIA has not acknowledged this. sentifi.com Market voices on: The publication of the documents sparked a US counterintelligence investigation into how the documents leaked out from the CIA and made their way to WikiLeaks, with some people pointing fingers at the agency's use of private subcontractors as a likely source. SEE ALSO: Amazon's Alexa takes fight with Siri to Marriott hotel rooms The newest documents focus on how the CIA targets Apple's popular personal electronics to spy on users. They show the CIA developed a tool in 2012 called "Sonic Screwdriver" that can hijack an Apple computer's password-protected boot process from peripheral devices like adapters and USB drives. By doing so, they can inject a undetectable bug deep into the computer's essential firmware that will not be erased even when the computer is reformatted. The manual for the "NightSkies" bug shows that the CIA developed it in 2008 to be implanted physically in brand new iPhones. "While CIA assets are sometimes used to physically infect systems in the custody of a target, it is likely that many CIA physical access attacks have infected the targeted organisation's supply chain including by interdicting mail orders and other shipments," WikiLeaks said. The documents provide a glimpse into the workings of the CIA. One showed the agency urgently trying to adapt NightSkies to a certain Apple laptop. The agency "has the opportunity to gift a MacBook Air to a target that will be implanted with this tool," one 2009 document said. "The tool will be a beacon/implant that runs in the background of a MacBook Air that provides us with command and control capabilities." AFP Sign up for BT Newsletters Please wait Terms & Conditions Government & Economy Trump, Xi to meet April 6-7 in Florida: source 12:38 AM Ousted Thai PM Thaksin slapped with US$500m tax bill 11:54 PM Daily Debrief: What Happened Today 6:30 PM German public debt down slightly in 2016, on target for EU limit by 2020 5:42 PM Malaysia's Bank Negara sees March inflation exceeding 8-year high 5:05 PM Australia cancels vote on extradition treaty with China 4:38 PM Breaking News 12:38 am Trump, Xi to meet April 6-7 in Florida: source 11:54 pm Ousted Thai PM Thaksin slapped with US$500m tax bill 10:59 pm US home prices rise faster than expected in January 10:19 pm US: Stocks rise after Trump healthcare bill fiasco 9:13 pm UOB to enlarge board by one third to 12 members 9:01 pm VPN users in China megacity Chongqing face fines 7:14 pm China Everbright Water inks agreement for 956m yuan projects in Suizhou 7:05 pm China International Holdings unit taken to court over repayment of alleged loan 7:01 pm Wee Hur to buy Adelaide property for A$6m for redevelopment to student housing 6:30 pm Daily Debrief: What Happened Today Most Read 1 Singapore in talks with firms to try out 'flying taxis' 2 Singapore to attract more global funds 3 Mapletree closes US$1.3 billion private trust for student dorms 4 Next financial crisis may be triggered by a cyberattack, says MAS chief 5 Phase 1 of Park Place Residences snapped up Powered by GET.com subscribe to The Business Times Stay connected with The Business Times premium content on your favourite platforms CALL 6388 3838 Find Out More Download Our Apps Stay up to date with The Business Times for iPhone | iPad | Android Stay Updated Get the latest news and information from BT newsletters for free: Breakfast Brief every morning Daily Debrief every evening Please wait Terms & Conditions News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News Top Stories Companies & Markets Stocks Real Estate Banking & Finance Energy & Commodities Technology Consumer Transport Government & Economy Opinion Life & Culture Weekly Views From the Top Young Investors' Forum Dining Out SME Executive Money The Raffles Conversation Brunch Investing & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Home F&B Arts Movies Music Design Style Travel Wellness Cars Gadgets Feature Weekend Interview City Buzz Reviews JaimEEats Haunt Nostalgia Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin RSS E-paper PRINT ARCHIVE Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat About Us Contact Us Help Terms & Conditions SPH Websites Data Protection Policy SPH Digital News © 2017 SINGAPORE PRESS HOLDINGS LTD. REGN NO. 198402668E
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us כ"ו אדר תשע"ז   |   Thursday, March 23, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Business Briefs – March 23, 2017 Business Briefs – March 23, 2017 Thursday, March 23, 2017 at 8:11 pm | כ"ה אדר תשע"ז WikiLeaks: CIA Hacked Apple Devices in Ways Users Can’t Fix NEW YORK (AP) – New documents from WikiLeaks point to an apparent CIA program to hack Apple’s iPhones and Mac computers in ways users couldn’t disable by resetting their devices. Security experts say the exploits are plausible, but suggest they pose little threat to typical users. The techniques typically require physical access to devices, something the CIA would only use for targeted individuals. The leaks Thursday come about two weeks after WikiLeaks published thousands of alleged CIA documents describing hacking tools it said the government employed to break into computers, and mobile phones from companies like Apple, Google, Microsoft and Samsung. Yellen Says Problems of Childhood Poverty Linger WASHINGTON (AP) — Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen says a new Fed survey finds that children who grew up in poverty were twice as likely to struggle with financial challenges later in life. Yellen says the survey found that more than half of young people age 25 to 39 who said they faced worries growing up over such matters as having enough food to eat were currently facing challenges getting by financially. Print Email Gmail Related Business Briefs – March 5, 2017 Business Briefs – March 1, 2017 Business Briefs – March 8, 2017 Business Briefs – March 20, 2017 Business Briefs – February 13, 2017 More in Business Stock Rally Sputters After Vote On Health Bill Is Delayed Ford Warns First-Quarter Profits Will Drop 50 Percent Israel Slaps Coca Cola With Antitrust Fine Virgin America Will Be the Latest Airline Brand to Disappear Stocks Climb, Led by Banks; Health Care Debate Continues OP-ED When the Government’s Policy Is to Pass the Buck Threat Ratings The Unpleasant Truth About Purim A Breath of Fresh Air for Israel Unfair Play Working for a Solution Juggling Act The Real World of Obamacare Repeal We Didn’t Think we Agreed on Undocumented Immigration. We Were Wrong. The “Trial” of Neil Gorsuch President Trump’s Foreign Policy Doctrine: Escalate to De-Escalate Leave the Constitution Alone Beware the Cyber-Bear Erasure, Inscription and Mesirus Nefesh Features Mishmeres HaSholom: Ask the Rav Underestimated, Overvalued Translating Plans Into Reality Editorial Cartoon – March 24, 2017 Sudoku – March 24, 2017 Vacation Choices Nichum Aveilim 26 Adar/March 24 This Day In History 26 Adar/March 24 Sudoku – March 23, 2017 Mind The Gap Editorial Cartoon – March 23, 2017 Ten Nutrition Mistakes Even Really Healthy People Make Breakfast, Fasting, Snacking: Heart Panel Weighs In on Top Meal-Timing Questions Great Granola Weather » Brooklyn 41°F Clear See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,817.69 -3.95 (-0.07%) S&P 500 2,345.96 -2.49 (-0.11%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9274 GBP 0.7988 ILS 3.6523 CHF 0.9932 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Apple, Inc. Reportedly Preparing to Begin Manufacturing iPhones in India The Mac maker is starting to gain momentum in India. Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Mar 23, 2017 at 7:02PM There's been a lot of talk over the past few months about where Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) may or may not expand its manufacturing footprint. President Trump would naturally like it if Apple brought some manufacturing jobs back home, despite the massive cost increases that would come along with such a move. But Apple has long faced challenges with expanding sales in India in part due to a government requirement that requires 30% of a product to be locally sourced in order to open single-branded retail stores. Following reports that the Mac maker was considering moving forward with having one of its contract manufacturing partners set up shop in India, The Wall Street Journal says the initiative is almost a go. iPhone 7 Plus, which is not expected to be made in India. Image source: Apple. Just a couple months away Taiwanese contract manufacturer Wistron is reportedly in the final stages of moving forward with opening an iPhone manufacturing facility that will produce the iPhone 6, iPhone 6s, and iPhone SE. iPhone 6 and 6s production could commence in as little as four to six weeks, while the iPhone SE is scheduled to start being produced in roughly three months. By assembling iPhones in the country, retail prices should come down by approximately $100, as Apple should be able to avoid having to pay import duties. Apple's pricing still sits out of reach for many Indian consumers, so every little bit that it can do to incrementally reduce prices is welcome; the company has long suffered from single-digit market share in India. And if manufacturing the handsets locally can help Apple meet the 30% local sourcing requirement, it could also pave the way for Apple retail stores, which are strategically important distribution channels where Apple can control and maintain consistent customer experiences. That's what he said Over the years, Apple has vaguely made comments that it wants to expand more in India, but we've only started to see meaningful action in the past year or two. The good news is that the company is already seeing results, and India is becoming one of its fastest-growing geographical markets. That may not say much since its business there is relatively small, so high growth rates aren't all that hard to hit, but CEO Tim Cook's comments throughout 2016 are certainly encouraging. April 2016 earnings call: From an India point of view, if you look at India, and each country has a different story a bit, but the things that have held not only us back, perhaps, but some others as well, is that the LTE rollout with India just really begins this year. So we will begin to see some really good networks coming on in India. That will unleash the power and capability of the iPhone, in a way that an older network, 2.5G or even some 3G networks, would not do. The infrastructure is one key one, and the second one is building the channel out. July 2016 earnings call: India is now one of our fastest-growing markets. In the first three quarters of this fiscal year, our iPhone sales in India were up 51% year on year. We just announced a first-of-its-kind design and development accelerator to support Indian developers creating innovative applications for iOS, and we opened a new office in Hyderabad to accelerate Maps development. We're looking forward to opening retail stores in India down the road, and we see huge potential for that vibrant country. October 2016 earnings call: On India, I think it's important to look not only at per capita income, which may be what you're looking at, but sort of look at the number of people that are or will move into the middle class over the next decade. And, the age of the population -- if you look at India, almost 50% of the population is under 25. So, you have a very, very young population. The smartphone has not done as well in India in general. On the January 2017 earnings call, Cook noted that despite India's move toward demonetization, which has hurt some companies there, Apple enjoyed "all-time record revenue results" in the country. It only goes up from here. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Mar 23, 2017 at 7:02PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $143.85 up $2.97 (2.11%) Read More Why Apple Is Letting Oppo and Vivo Win in China Why Apple Inc. Is So Profitable 3 Reasons Apple Is a Better Dividend Stock Than Qualcomm Apple, Inc. Stock Surges Past $140. What's Next? Apple Inc.'s Sensible iPhone SE Refresh Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current
NDTV Business Hindi Movies Cricket Good Times Food Tech Auto Apps Prime Art Weddings Sections Home | Offbeat COMMENTS Sections Live TV Videos Latest India Elections Opinion Cities World Sports Photos Schedule Trends OffBeat People Health Indians Abroad South Cheat Sheet Voices Forums Weather News Alerts Apple's Red iPhone Has Twitter Laughing Out Loud. Read Funniest Reactions Offbeat | Written by Sanya Jain | Updated: March 24, 2017 08:40 IST 7.8K Shares EMAIL PRINT COMMENTS The launch of the red iPhone gave rise to some funny reactions on Twitter. New Delhi:  After black, jet black, silver, gold and rose gold, Apple's iPhone 7 models will now be available in another colour. On Tuesday, Apple announced that it is releasing special edition red-coloured iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus handsets. The vivid red phones are a part of Apple's Red initiative and a portion of the proceeds from their sales will go towards the Global Fund to support HIV/AIDS programs. The new colour, going by the enthusiastic response on the Internet, is sure to fly off the shelves. Not everyone, however, is busy raving about it - some are busy cracking jokes too! Here are some of the funniest reactions to the launch of the red iPhones: 1. Someone pointed out what everyone was thinking   Red iPhone 7 launched. Took Apple 10 years to finally be like an apple.- Teetotaler Bewda (@AiyyashBilla_) March 21, 2017 2. Someone else found a photo and just went for it   iPhone 6, iPhone 7, iPhone Red pic.twitter.com/dSE7uBgUC3- Kewal (@Spring_Dosa) March 22, 2017 3. Others asked this important question   If you put a red case on a red iPhone will anyone even actually know it's red?- Justine Ezarik (@ijustine) March 23, 2017 4. Umm... What?   APPLE COMING UP WITH A NEW RED iPhone. I STILL REMEMBER MY FIRST RED NOKIA 3310. pic.twitter.com/2uiGfn5sJA- Anjek Beng Matrep (@AnjekBengMatrep) March 22, 2017 5. It does come with a hefty price tag   I'd only be interested in a Red iPhone if I could use it to call Batman. pic.twitter.com/e2fO9pFbrB- P Scott Patterson (@OriginalPSP) March 21, 2017 6. As this user points out   New iPhone 7 in red. Well, do you accept my kidneys for payment ? :P - #HashTag Hero (@MFreefaller) March 23, 2017 7. Some made predictions   I'm sure Samsung will also release a red S8 now that people are going gaga over the iPhone 7 PRODUCT(RED). Bet?- M.K. (@MadAlkaff) March 23, 2017 8. And this user summed it up in one gif   When you see people hyping the Red iphone 7 and you know they cannot afford it pic.twitter.com/zgsGejl7eX- El Patron Bappi (@baffa94) March 23, 2017 The red-coloured smartphones will start at Rs 70,000 in India for the 128GB iPhone 7 model. Are you going to get these special edition phones? Do let us know using the comments section below. Trending Sports: Aussies Aren't Friends Anymore, Says Virat Kohli After Stormy Series Gadgets: Samsung Galaxy S8: Everything We Know Ahead of Wednesday's Launch Profit: Indian-American CEO Of Silicon Valley Firm Charged For Alleged H-1B Fraud Related Now, Buy An iPhone For Rs 1,999 Under Flipkart's Exchange Offer Truecaller Announces Google Duo Video Calling Integration in App iOS 10.3 Update Brings Cricket Scores, Find My AirPods, and More to iPhones, iPads Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad Thrashes Air India Employee, Roasted On Twitter Taapsee Pannu Says She's The Hero Of Her Story In Viral Facebook Post Share this story on 7.8K Shares ALSO READShiv Sena's 'Warning' To BJP: 'For President's Election, Uddhav Talking To All Parties' RED iPhoneIPhoneiPhone 7iPhone 2017 ................................ Advertisement ................................ Quick LinksLive Cricket ScoreMachineTrappedAnaarkali Of AarahPhillauriAndy Rubin New Phone ................................ Advertisement ................................ '5,000-Strong Crowd Came With Weapons': A Gujarat Village, Seared Mulayam Singh Cancels Dinner After Party MLAs Told They Can't Attend Rajdhani Passengers Protest Over Food. Thanks, Says Babul Supriyo 'Not In India's Best Interests': What Drew This Warning By Chinese Media RSS News Alerts Mobile Apps Apple Android Windows Facebook Twitter Google + LinkedIn About Us Archives Advertise Feedback Disclaimer Investor Complaint Redressal Ombudsman Careers Service Terms Channel Distribution © Copyright NDTV Convergence Limited 2017. All rights reserved. Tweet Add to Flipboard Magazine.
Club MacStoriesWeekly Extras MENU ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS IPAD DIARIES STORIES APPLE HISTORY IOS AUTOMATION GAMES iPad Diaries: Working with Zip Archives iPad Diaries: Optimizing Apple Notes TouchRetouch Review: Object Removal Made Easy This week's sponsor Shapego Beautiful Word Clouds for iPad and iPhone iPad Diaries: Working with Zip Archives By Federico Viticci iPad Diaries is a regular series about using the iPad as a primary computer. You can find more installments here and subscribe to the dedicated RSS feed. Compressing files into archives and extracting them into a specific location is one of the most common desktop tasks that is still surprisingly tricky to adapt to the iPad. Unlike macOS, the iPad doesn't come with a built-in Archive Utility app that takes care of decompressing archives, nor does iOS include a native 'Compress Files' system action to create and share archives. I'd wager that anyone who works from an iPad deals with file archives on a regular basis, whether they come from email clients, Dropbox links shared by colleagues, or uploads in a Slack channel. Archives – and the popular .zip format – are a staple of document-based workflows and file management, but the iPad isn't well-equipped to handle them. Working with .zip files on iOS is among the most frequent questions I receive from iPad-first users every week; effectively, Apple only offers basic integration with iOS' Quick Look when it comes to file archives. Fortunately, just like advanced file management, we have some solid third-party options and automation to help us. Get More iOS Productivity Tips and Workflows With a Club MacStories subscription, you’ll gain access to weekly iPad workflows, iOS app recommendations, and other exclusive extras. Starting at $5/month, Club MacStories includes MacStories Weekly – a newsletter delivered every Friday with a focus on iOS productivity and showcasing new and interesting iOS apps. One of MacStories Weekly’s regular sections is the Workflow Corner – a weekly assortment of iPad workflows, iOS automation tips, and tutorials curated by Federico and the MacStories team. As a new member, you’ll also receive complete access to our back catalogue of over 80 newsletters starting from September 2015. You can find out more about Club MacStories here, or subscribe directly below. JOIN FOR $5 PER MONTH JOIN FOR $50 PER YEAR The Basic Approach: Documents and Quick Look Readdle's Documents is the file manager I recommend to the majority of readers who ask me for a lightweight Finder-like iPad file manager with .zip capabilities. As I outlined in last year's iPad Pro story, Documents has become the iPad's missing file manager thanks to its elegant UI and functionalities that Apple still hasn't brought to iCloud Drive. Among those, Documents can extract archives in the current folder as well as create .zip archives from multiple-file selections.1 If you receive a .zip file over email, or if you've been sent one with a shared Dropbox link, you can use the 'Import with…' menu to send the archive to Documents. In the app, extracting an archive is a matter of tapping the file once. Documents always extracts archives in the directory you're currently in, but, unlike Apple's Archive Utility, there are no preferences to set the original file to be automatically deleted after extraction. Despite the lack of options, sending a .zip to Documents and extracting it in the app already solves most of the archive-related problems on the iPad. Documents also supports creating new .zip archives based on files you've selected. This is another feature that isn't available in Apple's own apps. Archives created by Documents are named 'Archive.zip' by default, but you can rename them from the 'Edit' menu. I wish Documents supported more archive formats (such as creating password-protected .rar archives), but .zip is good enough. As far as basic options go, I should also mention Quick Look's ability to preview the contents of file archives. In any app that supports tapping on a .zip file to preview it (such as Apple Mail), you'll find a blue 'Preview Content' button that lets you navigate into an archive to preview files compressed inside it. Quick Look’s standard preview for a .zip archive. Sharing an entire .zip from Quick Look’s share sheet. Inspecting the contents of a .zip archive from Quick Look. Quick Look’s standard preview for a .zip archive. Sharing an entire .zip from Quick Look’s share sheet. Inspecting the contents of a .zip archive from Quick Look. You can swipe between individual files rendered by Quick Look, see the complete file structure of a .zip archive by tapping the list button in the top left, and also share individual files through the share sheet in the top right. Quick Look is no replacement for Documents' .zip archive features, but at least it's integrated in a lot of apps and it can preview .zip contents without extracting an archive (thus creating a copy of the extracted file). Dedicated App: Bundler I recently discovered Bundler (which is available on the iPhone as well), and I think it's an interesting option if you find yourself often sharing the same .zip archives with people or adding new files to an existing archive. Bundler represents .zip archives as "bundles" – collections of files that are stored in the app without any sort of cloud integration or online service. In practice, bundles are glorified folders displayed with colorful thumbnail previews for files you've sent to the app. Bundles can be shared as .zip files with other apps using the share sheet – and this is pretty much everything Bundler can do. Bundler's main UI. Bundles are shared as .zip files. I think the way Bundler deals with files and .zip archives is clever. First, the app takes advantage of Quick Look's archive preview to let you explore the contents of a bundle. More importantly, though, Bundler's developers have ingeniously come up with a share extension to add files to an existing bundle (or create a new one) just like you'd share something on Twitter or Apple Notes. Adding a file to a .zip archive looks like sharing media to a social network with the Bundler extension. Anywhere on the iPad, you can share a file with the Bundler extension, which will ask you to "post it" into a bundle. Back in the app, the file will be added to a bundle so you can share it as a complete .zip archive. I find this method of dealing with a persistent, local collection of archives to be a nice alternative to Documents' more traditional approach, especially if you tend to share the same files with friends or colleagues. I can't think of other apps that let you "append files" to existing archives without creating duplicates, which makes Bundler a unique option on the iPad. Automation and Workflow: Create and Extract Zip Archives As is often the case with native iOS functionalities and app integrations, we can speed up the creation and extraction of .zip archives using Workflow. To demonstrate the app's .zip archive features, I've created two workflows to generate archives and decompress files from an archive; a more advanced workflow with .zip support will be released exclusively for Club MacStories members tomorrow (Issue 72 of MacStories Weekly). Zip Files If you're a Dropbox user on the Mac, it's easy to collect multiple files in the Finder and compress them in an individual .zip archive. But if you use Dropbox on iOS, creating an archive from a multiple-file selection isn't a native option in the app. Workflow, on the other hand, has offered a built-in 'Make Archive' action for a while now. This action takes items passed as input and puts them into an archive.2 Workflow's 'Make Archive' action turns multiple files into an archive. To make it easier to turn multiple Dropbox files into an archive, I created a workflow that takes advantage of the app's improved file actions (launched last week) to let you easily pick multiple files at once from Dropbox. Multiple Dropbox files are compressed in a single .zip archive by Workflow. After choosing multiple files, you can enter a name for the .zip archive that Workflow will generate. Finally, the archive can be shared with other apps using the 'Open In' menu. If Dropbox is your primary file storage service, this is an effective way to simplify sharing multiple files with other people by converting them to a .zip archive you can send to any extension you want. You can get the workflow here. Extract Files from Zip Archive Sometimes you have the opposite problem: you've received a .zip archive and you want an easy way to deal with individual files inside it. This can also be automated with Workflow using the 'Extract Archive' action and the app's support for repeat loops. In any app that can share a .zip file with extensions (and even Quick Look itself), you can summon this workflow and make it extract an archive, which will result in a list of files contained inside it. Workflow can then perform some actions on each file from the archive. Each file (or folder) from an archive can be saved to a different document storage location on iOS 10 using Workflow. For the purpose of this story, I used a 'Save File' action to re-save each file from an archive in a different location, but you can swap that action and make Workflow do other things, such as sharing each file with extensions or checking what types of files an archive contains. Extracting .zip archives on iOS can be customized to great extent if you're willing to let Workflow help you in the process. You can get the workflow here. If we go beyond Apple's built-in tools, there are some solid options for .zip archive creation and extraction on the iPad. Most of the problems I mentioned above would be obviated by a more serious Finder-like interface on iOS, but it's good to have app and automation alternatives for now. Surprisingly, DEVONthink – the more advanced option for file management on the iPad – doesn't sport built-in .zip extraction and creation features. ↩︎ Workflow supports more formats beyond .zip, including .tar, .gz, and .iso. ↩︎ Tags: automation, iOS, iPad Diaries, workflow Sign Up Unlock MacStories Extras Club MacStories offers exclusive access to extra MacStories content, delivered every week; it’s also a way to support us directly. Club MacStories will help you discover the best apps for your devices and get the most out of your iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Plus, it’s made in Italy. Starting at $5/month, with an annual option available. Join the Club. A Club MacStories membership includes: MacStories Weekly newsletter, delivered every week on Friday with app collections, tips, iOS workflows, and more; Monthly Log newsletter, delivered once every month with behind-the-scenes stories, app notes, personal journals, and more; Access to occasional giveaways, discounts, and free downloads. Federico Viticci Federico is the founder and editor-in-chief of MacStories, where he writes about Apple with a focus on apps, developers, and mobile software. He can also be found on his three podcasts – Connected, Canvas, and Remaster. Twitter: @viticci | Email: viticci@macstories.net ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by MacStadium | Acknowledgements Copyright 2017 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.6
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out23:12 GMT +328 March 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Apple to Launch iPhone Production in India © Photo: Pixabay Tech 03:08 24.03.2017Get short URL 0 305103 The company will begin manufacturing the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s smartphones at the Wistron plant in Bangalore within the next four to six weeks. The iPhone SE’s production will be moved there in three months. East News/ Imago Sport and News Hackers Threaten to Wipe Out 559 Million Apple Accounts“We’ve been working hard to develop our operations in India,” an Apple spokeswoman told the Wall Street Journal. “We appreciate the constructive and open dialogue we’ve had with government about further expanding our local operations.” Apple had been in negotiations with India for some time, mainly seeking tax concessions to keep the cost of producing the phones very low. India has reportedly refused most of the company's demands. "Apple India has sought concessions, including duty exemptions on manufacturing and repair units, components, capital equipment including parts and consumables for smartphone manufacturing and service/repair for a period of 15 years," Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman told the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of India’s Parliament. Still, the nation is reportedly working closely with Apple so that the tech giant can move forward with its plans. “We want Apple to manufacture in India. They are also very keen,” an official who works closely with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi told the paper. ”We will try to accommodate as much of their demands as possible, but they too appreciate and understand our limitations.” ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 103 Related: Hackers Demand Ransom From Apple Threatening to Erase Data From 300Mln Accounts Former US Vice President Gore Sells $29Mln in Apple Stock WATCH: Apple Investigates iPhone 7 Plus After Viral Video of Explosion Lawsuit Demands Apple Holds All iPhone Sales Over Texting While Driving Feature "Made in USA": Is It Possible for Apple to Stop Manufacturing iPhone in China? Tags: iPhone, Apple, India TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 23:05Moscow Reaffirms Support of Resumption of Peace Talks in Yemen 23:00Rex Tillerson 'Sees Potential' of Delivering LNG to Baltic States 22:53They Fly Among Us: Italian Company Designs Hovercraft Shaped Like UFO (PHOTOS) 22:50Thousands of Pyongyang Propaganda Leaflets Found Near Seoul 22:48Cure or Band-Aid? Lockheed Claims It’s Fixed US Navy’s F-35CAll news We Mean Business: Syria Will Fire Scuds at Israel in Response to Airstrikes 22184 Full Coverage: Russia Upgrades Its Air Defense Shield to Strikingly New Level 10173 M1 Abrams vs. T-90: Top US General Admits Russia Has Achieved Tank Parity 9668 Bumbling NATO Instructors on the Brink of Getting Laughed Out of Ukraine 7742 China-Pakistan Parade: Is Beijing Sealing Role of Top Player in Asia-Pacific? 7415All news We Mean Business: Syria Will Fire Scuds at Israel in Response to Airstrikes 80 Russia ‘Hack’ of US Elections an ‘Act of War’ — Dick Cheney 50 US Demands Immediate Release of Detained Belarusian Activists It Helped Fund 36 Double Standards: Americans Seek Raqqa Liberation to Split Syria? 34 Symbolic End: Missile Cruiser 'Ukraine' Being Sold Off for Scrap Metal 32All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics 2017 Sony World Photography Awards: Fantastic National Awards Winners Revealed It's a Kind of Magic Death From the Sky: The US Air Force's Mistaken Airstrikes News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple Looking Into Using Smartphones To Power A Laptop By Tyler Lee on 03/23/2017 16:41 PDT Our smartphones these days are so powerful that they make computers from a decade ago feel downright ancient and out of date. However could our smartphones be powerful enough to be on par with laptops? Perhaps, and if that day comes, it seems that Apple could be toying with the idea of a laptop powered by a smartphone. In a recently discovered patent, it seems that Apple has come up with an idea of how a smartphone could be used to power a laptop. As you can see in the drawing above, Apple suggests that a smartphone, such as the iPhone, be used to dock inside a slot on the laptop in which not only would it power the device, but it will also double up as a trackpad for the computer as well. The patent also talks about how tablets could also power laptops, and where instead of a screen would be, users would insert their tablets in which the tablet’s screen would double as the laptop’s display. This isn’t exactly a new concept as we have seen other companies come up with similar ideas in the past, although safe to say that so far none of these inventions have had the impact that they were hoping for. In any case as with all patents, it’s hard to say if and when Apple will make it a reality, but what do you guys think? Is this a concept you’d like to see become a reality some day? Filed in Apple >Cellphones >Computers. Read more about iPhone, laptops, Macbook and Patent. Related Articles 2017-03-24 Apple’s (Product) RED iPhone 7 Is Now Available For Purchase 2017-03-23 iPhone 8 Rumored To Launch In Limited Quantities 2017-03-23 Hackers Still Threatening To Wipe Apple Devices 2017-03-23 Apple To Start Producing iPhones In India Within Two Months 2016-09-08 New Apple Patent Hints At MacBook With Cellular Capabilities 2011-11-14 Apple patent reveals new MacBook battery and SSD configurations 2011-10-13 Apple patent looking to simplify Bluetooth power states to conserve battery 2011-09-22 Apple patent suggests universal power adapter that can transfer data at the same time Sony Announces ‘Venom’ Movie For Release Next Year Lucid Motors' Electric Car Price Confirmed Woman's Headphones Explode Mid-Flight Google’s Allo Can Reveal Your Search History To Your Friends Project Scorpio To Feature Internal Power Supply And 4K Game DVR Google And Levi's Smart Jacket Launches This Fall For $350 Pre-Order Project Scorpio Page Goes Live On Microsoft Store Film Company Trolls Pirates With Fake KickassTorrents Website User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
  SOFTPEDIA®   Windows   Drivers   Games   Mac   Android   Linux   News Softpedia > News > Security FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Firewall      30% OFF! Apple Denies Hackers Have Breached Hundreds of Millions of Accounts GO Hackers also only asked for $75K as ransom Mar 23, 2017 23:40 GMT  ·  By Gabriela Vatu  ·  Share:  Apple denies hackers have gained access to hundreds of millions of customer accounts and that they have the ability to remotely wipe devices of their data.  Earlier this week, reports started coming in from a hacker group called "Turkish Crime Family," who said they had already notified Apple of their feat, but received no proper reply. Reporters from Motherboard were even given access to one of the emails the hackers used to communicate with Apple. The group demanded $75,000 worth of Bitcoins or Ethereum, or $100,000 worth of iTunes gift cards, giving Apple a deadline of April 7 to comply. "There have not been any breaches in any of Apple's systems including iCloud and Apple ID. The alleged list of email addresses and passwords appears to have been obtained from previously compromised third-party services," Apple told users. The tech giant added that it was actively monitoring its systems to prevent unauthorized access to user accounts. They also said they were working with law enforcement to identify the criminals involved. Precaution can't harm To be on the safe side, users could go on and change their passwords, pick stronger combinations and, of course, they should not recycle passwords over different sites. Enabling two-step authentication is also something that everyone should do for every service that provides this option, not just Apple's. The fact that these hackers were not consistent when saying how many accounts they have control over, going from 300 million to close to 600 million in different messages was highly suspicious. Additionally, if hackers really had this much control over Apple's services, could remotely wipe devices and reset iCloud accounts and so on, for this many users you'd think they'd ask for a more consistent ransom. Instead, they chose to demand $75,000 which is pretty much pocket change for a company the size of Apple, perhaps believing that Apple may just dump the money into their accounts without thinking twice or investigating the matter properly. #Apple#data breach#hackers#Turkish Crime Family subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news WikiLeaks Vault 7: CIA Infects "Factory Fresh" iPhones Apple Pressured to Pay Ransom by Hackers Threatening to Remotely Wipe iPhones Mozilla Fixes Critical Vulnerability in Firefox 22 Hours After Discovery 7 Tips to Stay Safe from Attacks like the Fappening Two Laptops with Hong Kong's 3.7 Million Voters' Data Stolen Samsung Store in Singapore Catches Fire Ahead of Galaxy S8 Unveil All 2017 iPhones to Support Wireless Charging, Apple Watch to Feature LTE How to Upgrade to Windows 10 Creators Update RTM Right Now Survey: 93% of Millennials Aren't Quitting Uber Two Laptops with Hong Kong's 3.7 Million Voters' Data Stolen Latest Black Lab Linux Weekly Build Optimizes Swap File Management for SSD Windows 10, the Only Way to Go: 8 in 10 Companies to Install the OS, Study Shows    Apple denies hack Related Apps hide.me VPN: An easy to configure VPN client for Windows that enables you to hide your real identity while navigating online by connecting to a VPN server Metasploit Community: Penetration testing tool for security professionals that lets them run a discovery scan, bruteforce attack and exploit in order to detect vulnerabilities within a user-defined network range Metasploit Pro: This is a versatile and effective application that prevents data breaches with real-world attack scenarios and verifies security effectiveness SecureSafe: A comprehensive online storage solution that allows you to keep your files and passwords protected thanks to a high level of data encryption KPEnhancedEntryView: Enhance the accessibility of KeePass Password Safe by adding extra display elements to your window with this straightforward plugin Zemana AntiLogger: Make sure that your private data will remain private by using this software application that prevents harmful applications from damaging your computer ApexSQL Decrypt: A decryption tool for SQL Server database objects, be them functions, procedures, views or triggers, which enables you to preview the original DDL scripts Reader comments LastPass Working on Fix for Newly Discovered Bug more on: LastPass i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Enterprise BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 This former Apple prodigy just got $9.5 million from Steve Wozniak to make robots that yank staples from documents Matt Weinberger Mar. 23, 2017, 7:22 PM 6,493 facebook linkedin twitter email print Ripcord CEO Alex Fielding Ripcord Alex Fielding has already had a heck of a career. In 1996, at the age of 18, he joined Apple, where he worked on the first iMac under the just-returned cofounder Steve Jobs. In 2001, he and Apple cofounder Steve "Woz" Wozniak started up Wheels of Zeus (abbreviated as "WoZ," get it?), a company that made GPS tags so companies could track inventory. Over the years, Fielding would go on to cofound or work at other startups with other ex-Apple execs, too. Now, that Apple pedigree has come back into play as Fielding's newest venture, Ripcord, is officially launching with a $9.5 million dollar investment from Kleiner Perkins, Lenovo's cousin investment firm Legend Star, Lux Capital — and Steve Wozniak, the Woz himself. If that's not enough nerd cred, Ripcord is actually a NASA spinoff, too. And what Ripcord does is run a growing factory floor populated by robots, designed to scan, store, and index tremendous piles of paper for later retrieval, ten times faster than a human could do it. Check it out: In the short term, Fielding tells Business Insider, Ripcord is already helping publicly traded companies and law firms like Wilson Sonsini with the hassle of managing the hundreds or thousands of pages worth of information they need to keep handy for the purposes of regulatory compliance. He's planning on staffing the 30-strong company up with 100 more factory workers over the next year as demand ramps up. In the longer term, Fielding sees Ripcord, along with the artificial intelligence powering it under the hood, as bringing about an end to paper itself. "To me, that's a very beautiful thing," says Fielding. No robot uprising Fielding and his early team have no experience with what the industry calls "records management." Instead, the company was actually the result of a bet between Fielding and a friend. Sometime in 2015, a friend of Fielding's worked in operations at a tech company that was preparing to go public, and had to retrieve the mountains of financial paperwork that needed to be filed alongside the S-1 form. That meant calling up his document services provider, and getting the last year's worth of paperwork from their specialized storage facility. But, Fielding says, the document provider had lost the majority of his friend's required boxes, slowing down the entire process drastically until they could find replacements and backups and were able to reconstruct what was lost. Fielding was shocked that a modern company, especially a tech company, would rely so heavily on old-fashioned paper.  The Ripcord machine.Ripcord "I did what any great friend would do. I teased and chided my friend," says Fielding. "'You clearly didn't get the memo; the world is going paperless.'"  His friend "made all these excuses," says Fielding, citing the thousand dollars-plus per box that document storage companies can charge to digitize that paper. Even once the paper is digitized, Fielding says, fees can pile up. Sometimes, he says, they even charge you per keystroke to change file names or folders in their systems. Fielding couldn't believe it, and wagered his friend a lunch that he could find some company, somewhere, that could save his friend from this ever happening again. He couldn't. And so the seed was planted for Ripcord. The stapler problem It sounds silly at first, but a really big part of the reason why this has never been done before are staples. Existing scanner systems require humans to pull staples, separate three-ring binders, unclip paper clips, and occasionally even unstrip duct tape before they can go through the system — otherwise they jam up the works. "If you can use it to stick paper together, somebody has," Fielding says. Humans can do that work, but it's tedious, and Fielding says that humans actually get worse at it over time — if you grow accustomed to removing staples from the top-left corner for eight hours a day, you're more likely to miss the one staple in the top-right. If you miss it, the system gets gunked up, and you've lost hours of work. Companies keep hundreds and thousands of boxes like these to store all their paperwork, forever. David Goehring/Flickr At the time of that fateful wager, Fielding was working at NASA as a technologist. When he explained to the NASA higher ups what he was working on, they gave him office space, access to experts, and other resources to get started.  The reason for their excitement has everything to do with those staples. The same artificial intelligence that Ripcord's robots use to detect whether something is a paper fastener or not could be broadly applicable to its own scientific search. While self-driving cars and the like have nailed this problem at large scales, Fielding's robots are one of the few projects to try it with things as small as paperclips. "This is an example of artificial intelligence that's not Skynet," says Fielding. "A Ripcord robot isn't going to kill you with a staple remover." The product So what Ripcord actually sells is pretty rare, Fielding says. You pay for the storage of your files in their cloud system, per month. That fee includes the labor of digitizing it, including a partnership with FedEx to actually bring the files to the Ripcord facility in Hayward, a short drive from San Francisco.  It doesn't replace humans, says Fielding, since customers still set the desired organization of the digitized files themselves. It just automates the repetitive tasks of removing the staples, scanning them, making sure they were the right files, giving them a timestamp, and so on and so forth. Once it's in the cloud, customers can search through them, too. The idea, Fielding says, is to remove any and all opposition to digitizing a company's files, rather than stashing them away with an expensive document management company that doesn't even make it easy to sift for the stuff you need. Once the documents are scanned, Ripcord recycles the paper records themselves.  For now, it's a corporate thing. But he sees the technology being pioneered here as a way to remove our reliance on paper, removing the need to keep killing trees by photocopying the same files over and over again. He sees it as the first step towards a broader "legacy" for Ripcord. "Nobody was really bringing the market out of the stone ages," says Fielding.  SEE ALSO: Meet 'Professor X,' the AI genius who left his lab at Princeton to beat Uber, Google, and Intel at their own game NOW WATCH: CaliBurger plans on using these burger-flipping robots Loading video... More: Enterprise Startups Ripcord Kleiner Perkins Steve Wozniak facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru This former Apple prodigy just got $9.5 million from Steve Wozniak to make robots that yank staples from documents This former Apple prodigy just got $9.5 million from Steve Wozniak to make robots that yank staples from documents Alex Fielding has already had a heck of a... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Michael Lewis on how to deal with bosses and control your own career More "Idea Factory" » Enterprise Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Hardware Unboxed Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Mobile Computing Apple Apple patent application outlines an iPhone-powered notebook We've already seen this with the (failed) Motorola Atrix and Asus PadFone By Shawn Knight on Mar 23, 2017, 4:30 PM TechSpot Apple may soon be channeling its inner Motorola and Asus if a product described in a recent patent application ever comes to fruition. Filed in September and published on Thursday, the patent in question outlines the use of an iPhone to “power” a clamshell-style notebook. What’s unique about Apple’s approach is that, unlike the Motorola Atrix or the Asus PadFone which used a mobile device solely as the brains of the operation, a mated iPhone would also serve as the laptop’s touchpad. Again, the concept isn’t new and thus far, hasn’t been successful. Why would Apple think its prospects are any better? The aforementioned devices (especially the Atrix) were way ahead of their time and by today’s standard, they weren’t very powerful. Perhaps more importantly, the phones were designed primarily to work with the hardware accessories. The iPhone, on the other hand, is already in use by hundreds of millions of people. Another variant on Apple’s concept would involve using an iPad as the device’s screen and for power although this doesn’t seem all that different from a standard keyboard case. All things considered, I’m not sold on this being a great idea largely because it has already been tried by multiple companies and never took off. Having a patent on it is fine to protect the touchpad idea but personally, I’d be surprised if Apple brings something like this to market. Related Reads iPod-inspired AcornOS could have powered the original iPhone Apple dives into mobile payments with NFC-powered Apple Pay Chinese regulators say design of Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus violates patent 8 comments 61 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Apple found guilty of price-fixing iPhones in Russia iPhone 8 latest rumors: Curved OLED, USB-C to replace Lightning Product Finder scores 88 Apple iPhone 7 Plus 86 Apple iPhone 7 88 Apple iPad Pro 9.7" Popular 41 comments The Best PC Games (You Should Be Playing) Alienware 13 Review Load Comments 8 ... User Comments: 8 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 86 Mark Zuckerberg says Facebook will fight to protect the rights of Muslims 28 I can no longer hear voices, only background sounds 230 The seductive nature of the Internet [comic] 10 Which phone is the best now in the world? 89 Which PC case do you use? Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Friday, 24 March 2017 | MYT 7:00 AM Apple brings clarity to iPad offer New line-up: The 2017 iPad range has three categories of device: iPad mini, iPad and iPad Pro. — AFP Relaxnews Apple's latest iPad – replacing the iPad Air 2 – is a relatively inexpensive 9.7in tablet that bridges the gap between the compact iPad mini and the high-end iPad Pro. Splitting the iPad offer into three distinct categories makes Apple's tablet offer clearer and easier for consumers to understand, which hasn't always been the case. The original iPad launched in 2010, riding high on the success of Apple's iPhone smartphone. This 9.7in (1,024 x 768 pixels) touchscreen tablet was essentially based on the same principle as the phone but came without call capabilities. It ran the same operating system (iOS) and offered users the same selection of applications, although many weren't initially compatible with the new format. The iPad was released in the USA on April 3, in WiFi and Wi-Fi/3G versions, before progressively conquering the rest of the world. In 2012, the third-generation iPad brought a high-resolution "Retina" display, which is now the norm across the brand's tablet range. In November 2012, Apple presented the iPad mini, a more compact and affordable take on the touchscreen tablet. This 7.9in slate brought Apple in line with tough new competitors like Google (Nexus 7) and Amazon (Kindle Fire), in the increasingly popular market for small-format devices. The iPad mini also came with a more affordable price tag, starting at US$329 (RM1,455). Then in 2015 came the iPad Pro, with a larger screen size (12.9in), boosted performances and an accompanying stylus. Thanks to the A9X processor, Apple billed the tablet as a head-on rival for certain PCs, especially when paired with its various accessories (a keyboard and a stylus, sold separately). The iPad Pro also now comes in a 9.7in version, still promising more powerful performances than the newest standard iPad model. As always with Apple, price is above all determined by internal storage capacity. The cheapest model in the firm's current tablet range is the new iPad, in its 32GB Wi-Fi version, starting at RM1,549. At the top-end, 32GB versions of the iPad Pro start at RM2,699 for the 9.7in model and RM3,499 for the 12.9in model. The iPad mini 4 is now only available with 128GB of storage, which explains its slightly higher retail price – from RM1,899 – over the new iPad. All models are available in WiFi or WiFi + cellular versions. Although global tablet sales have been declining since 2015, Apple CEO Tim Cook is still highly optimistic about the future of the iPad. He hopes to continue positioning high-end models as credible alternatives to PCs. —  AFP Relaxnews Related Stories You May Be Interested Fujifilm X-T20 and X100F hit store shelves I've found flights for you – your next travel agent is a chatbot Uber resumes self-driving programme three days after Arizona crash Digi spearheads digital learning trend among employees Staying connected through social media Is technology ruining your relationship? Others Also Read 12-hour water cut for pipe works in parts of Butterworth Glow run marks Earth Hour in Kuala Kubu Baru tonight Quest in love with the durian advertisement Latest News Uber to end services in Denmark after less than three years Facebook adds camera features, moving closer to Snapchat Echonet Consortiums of Japan, Malaysia and India sign a partnership agreement Fujifilm X-T20 and X100F hit store shelves Pre-orders for Sony Xperia XZs and XA1 start today Most Viewed in Tech Uber to end services in Denmark after less than three years Pre-orders for Sony Xperia XZs and XA1 start today Samsung to sell refurbished Galaxy Note 7 smartphones Fujifilm X-T20 and X100F hit store shelves Workflow app is free to download after Apple acquisition Facebook adds camera features, moving closer to Snapchat Stephen Hawking appears as hologram in Hong Kong Elon Musk's new company could allow uploading, downloading thoughts Echonet Consortiums of Japan, Malaysia and India sign a partnership agreement Facebook Messenger gets mentions and reactions, including a 'dislike' button Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
ROS LBoard 1 Zaid wants Muslims to speak out against unilateral child conversions FMT Reporters Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US WikiLeaks releases CIA hacks of Apple Mac computers AFP | March 24, 2017 The release follows the initial publication on March 9 by the anti-secrecy group of thousands of pages of instructions and code from what it called the entire CIA arsenal of hacking tools. WASHINGTON: The Central Intelligence Agency is able to permanently infect an Apple Mac computer so that even reinstalling the operating system will not erase the bug, according to documents published Thursday by WikiLeaks. In its second release allegedly from the CIA’s arsenal of hacking tools, WikiLeaks also said that it appears the US spy agency has been able since 2008 to insert it bugs onto new and unused iPhones by intervening in Apple’s supply and distribution network. The release follows the initial publication on March 9 by the anti-secrecy group of thousands of pages of instructions and code from what it called the entire CIA arsenal of hacking tools. The documents are generally believed to be genuine although the CIA has not acknowledged this. The publication of the documents sparked a US counterintelligence investigation into how the documents leaked out from the CIA and made their way to WikiLeaks, with some people pointing fingers at the agency’s use of private subcontractors as a likely source. The newest documents focus on how the CIA targets Apple’s popular personal electronics to spy on users. They show the CIA developed a tool in 2012 called “Sonic Screwdriver” that can hijack an Apple computer’s password-protected boot process from peripheral devices like adapters and USB drives. By doing so, they can inject a undetectable bug deep into the computer’s essential firmware that will not be erased even when the computer is reformatted. The manual for the “NightSkies” bug shows that the CIA developed it in 2008 to be implanted physically in brand new iPhones. “While CIA assets are sometimes used to physically infect systems in the custody of a target, it is likely that many CIA physical access attacks have infected the targeted organization’s supply chain including by interdicting mail orders and other shipments,” WikiLeaks said. The documents provide a glimpse into the workings of the CIA. One showed the agency urgently trying to adapt NightSkies to a certain Apple laptop. The agency “has the opportunity to gift a MacBook Air to a target that will be implanted with this tool,” one 2009 document said. “The tool will be a beacon/implant that runs in the background of a MacBook Air that provides us with command and control capabilities.” Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Man held for insulting Johor sultan in FB posting Pope to make Fatima child visionaries saints Explore topics Apple Mac, CIA, special, Wikileaks ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Malu, panik, naik gila ditahan imigresen kerana hutang PTPTN RM21.50 for pack of smokes, because they just won’t quit Menyelamatkan anjing dapat pahala, kata mufti Cops clip wings of Datuk exploiting bird’s nest factory… Petronas offers privileges to Grab drivers Penang’s Voluntary Patrol Unit is lawful, rules Court… Zaid wants Muslims to speak out against unilateral child… Jobless man charged with murder of moneylender We’re vindicated, says Penang patrol squad founder Expert warns of surge in upmarket property prices ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Dire need to make our express buses safer Act 355 unacceptable, even if East Malaysians exempted Pivotal role for Sabah, Sarawak MPs over Hadi’s bill Sukarnya pembangkang hendak berpakat PAS cannot brush aside questions on Hadi’s bill Mampu milik atau mampu lihat? 5 cabaran skim perumahan More... FMT Bahasa BN gesa kerajaan Terengganu bantu bina rumah mampu milik 4 kawasan PAS Terengganu pula lulus usul putus hubungan Tiada lagi rakyat Malaysia dalam tebusan Abu Sayyaf Kementerian jamin ‘kesilapan teknikal’ PISA tidak akan berulang Dewan Rakyat lulus RUU Perbekalan Tambahan (2016) 2017 ‘Ada SOP pun tak guna kalau orang tak ikut’ More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events View all events Resources Resources Reseller News Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Contact Sign In Existing Member Forgot password? Join Reseller News Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN Leaked iCloud credentials obtained from third parties, Apple says Leaked iCloud credentials obtained from third parties, Apple says Apple is confident its iCloud and Apple ID services haven't been compromised Lucian Constantin (IDG News Service) 24 March, 2017 07:52 - - - - print email Comments A group of hackers threatening to wipe data from Apple devices attached to millions of iCloud accounts didn't obtain whatever log-in credentials they have through a breach of the company's services, Apple said. "There have not been any breaches in any of Apple's systems including iCloud and Apple ID," an Apple representative said in an emailed statement. "The alleged list of email addresses and passwords appears to have been obtained from previously compromised third-party services." A group calling itself the Turkish Crime Family claims to have login credentials for more than 750 million icloud.com, me.com and mac.com email addresses, and the group says more than 250 million of those credentials provide access to iCloud accounts that don't have two-factor authentication turned on. The hackers want Apple to pay $700,000 -- $100,000 per group member -- or "$1 million worth in iTunes vouchers." Otherwise, they threaten to start wiping data from iCloud accounts and devices linked to them on April 7. In a message published on Pastebin Thursday, the group said it also asked for other things from Apple, but they don't want to make public. "We're actively monitoring to prevent unauthorized access to user accounts and are working with law enforcement to identify the criminals involved," the Apple representative said. "To protect against these type of attacks, we recommend that users always use strong passwords, not use those same passwords across sites and turn on two-factor authentication." The hacker group confirmed there has been no breach of Apple services and hinted the leaked credentials were obtained through compromises on third-party websites. To some extent, that would be possible because many users reuse their passwords across multiple websites and because most websites ask users to log in with their email addresses. However, the unusually high numbers advanced by the group are hard to believe. It's also hard to keep up with the group's claims, as at various times over the past few days, it has released conflicting or incomplete information that it has later revised or clarified. The group claims that it started out with a database of more than 500 million credentials that it has put together over the past few years by extracting the icloud.com, me.com and mac.com accounts from stolen databases its members have sold on the black market. The hackers also claim that since they've made their ransom request public a few days ago, others have joined in their effort and shared even more credentials with them, putting the number at more than 750 million. The group claims to be using 1 million high-quality proxy servers to verify how many of the credentials give them access to unprotected iCloud accounts. Apple provides two-factor authentication for iCloud, and accounts with the option turned on are protected even if their password is compromised. The latest number of accessible iCloud accounts advanced by the Turkish Crime Family is 250 million. That's an impressive ratio of one in every three tested accounts. Moreover, if 750 million iCloud passwords are truly the result of password reuse on other websites, the other databases must have had billions of accounts combined or the password reuse ratio must have been unusually high. The largest ever data breach was from Yahoo with a reported 1 billion accounts. "I think the whole thing is a beat-up," security expert Troy Hunt, creator of the HaveIBeenPwned.com website, said by email. "At best theyâve got some reused credentials, but I wouldnât be surprised if itâs almost entirely a hoax." Hunt hasn't seen the actual data that the Turkish Crime Family claims to have, and there isn't much evidence aside from a YouTube video showing a few dozen email addresses and plain text passwords. However, he has significant experience with validating data breaches and has seen many bogus hacker claims over the years. To be on the safe side, users should follow Apple's advice and create a strong password for their account and turn on two-factor authentication or two-step verification at the very least. Subscribe here for up-to-date channel news Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the New Zealand Reseller News newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Read next ​New influencers of IT emerge as tech spending moves away from the ... ​Spark hits back at “absurd” valuation as TeamTalk brands takeover bid “predatory” What will be Alibaba’s next tech channel play in A/NZ? Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Featured Slideshows What will be Alibaba’s next tech channel play in A/NZ? ARN explores 10 technologies Alibaba has in the works that could become part of its burgeoning tech channel play in the local market. What will be Alibaba’s next tech channel play in A/NZ? StorageCraft celebrates high achievers at its inaugural A/NZ Partner Awards Revealed at a glitzy bash in Sydney at the Ivy Penthouse, the first StorageCraft Partner Awards locally saw the vendor honour its top-performing partners with ASI Solutions, SMBiT Pro, Webroot, ACA Pacific and Soft Solutions New Zealand taking home the top awards. Photos by Maria Stefina. StorageCraft celebrates high achievers at its inaugural A/NZ Partner Awards Kiwi resellers make a splash on Synnex and Lenovo RotoVegas road trip ​Synnex and Lenovo hosted 18 resellers for an action-packed weekend adventure in RotoVegas, taking in white water rafting on the Kaituna River, as well as quad biking and dinner at Stratosfare​, overlooking Lake Rotorua at the top of Mount Ngongotaha​. Photos by Synnex. Kiwi resellers make a splash on Synnex and Lenovo RotoVegas road trip Related Whitepapers Datto’s State Of The Channel Ransomware Report 2016 Natural Disaster Survival Guide For Businesses D-Link Case Study: Simple and Scalable Network Solutions for Medical Professionals and Visiting Clients Annual ITSP Benchmarking Study Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. IBM strikes global AI partnership with Salesforce   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World New Zealand | CIO New Zealand | Computerworld New Zealand Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 01:54PM ​Alibaba, Fonterra eye blockchain for food safety 11:45AM Fintech emerges as key opportunity for NZ innovators 09:40AM Former Aruba exec makes the Big Switch to networking start-up Mar 28 Samsung to refurbish and resell some Note7s that didn't explode More News ​Alibaba, Fonterra eye blockchain for food safety ​How Kiwi partners can maximise Microsoft Teams Reseller News Events 30 Mar Reseller News Connect - Securing your future as an MSP 24 May Reseller News Judges' Lunch 2017 14 Jun Reseller News WIICTA 2017 View all events Featured EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 Reseller News After Hours Reseller News After Hours Women in ICT NZ Women in ICT NZ Reseller News Industry Awards Industry Awards
The Western Producer Search for: Sections Site links SUBSCRIBE TO FREE ENEWS! Classifieds Subscriptions Digital editions Contact All articles News Crops Livestock Markets Weather Farm Living Opinion & Blogs Video WP Twitter Home /  News /  Arctic Apple /  Genetic Modification /  Agriculture in the Classroom in a pickle over GM… Agriculture in the Classroom in a pickle over GM apple Posted Mar. 23rd, 2017 by Barb Glen An Agriculture in the Classroom webinar drew fire last week be-cause of its content involving the controversial Arctic Apple, a variety genetically modified to be non-browning. | USDA photo An Agriculture in the Classroom webinar drew fire last week because of its content involving the controversial Arctic Apple, a variety genetically modified to be non-browning. The Canadian Biotechnology Action Network (CBAN) said the webinar content had inappropriate product placement and collaborated with Council of Canadians and several other groups in sending a letter to provincial education ministers asking them to withdraw support. “The example that was used is a brand name corporate product that was being presented by marketing staff from the company. We think that was an inappropriate level of corporate involvement in this webinar,” said CBAN co-ordinator Lucy Sharratt in an interview. “The webinar did focus on the apple production chain, which I think is important and interesting but … the webinar was not carefully constructed to provide unbiased information or information that was removed from the company that actually is marketing the GM apple,” she said. Johanne Ross, executive director of Agriculture in the Classroom Canada, said mention of the Arctic Apple in the webinar, presented as part of month-long agricultural literacy efforts, was an example of how technology can help address food waste. “This is not an infomercial about a product,” said Ross. “We’re just using the Arctic Apple as an example to talk about innovation and the gene silencing that happens to actually get the non-browning trait. That’s just part of a bigger discussion.” The webinar, comprising about 45 slides, included four specific to the apple, said Ross. The main speaker for the webinar, presented to high school students on March 7, was Jessica Brady, a member of the marketing and communications team for Okanagan Specialty Fruits, the company that developed and is marketing the Arctic Apple. “I think everyone would agree that product promotion is not a legitimate activity in classrooms so if corporations are going to be part of presenting information to students through Ag in the Classroom, the question is, what is that role of those companies? Are they credible sources?” Sharratt asked. Ross said the program’s funders operate under official donor guidelines requiring them to embrace AIC’s mandate to provide accurate, balanced and current information. ADVERTISMENT “We call it our ABC principal,” said Ross. “It’s based on science and it gives multiple views so that the students can have their own robust discussion behind it. And then they can make their own decisions for all the right reasons.” Ross said the letter sent to education ministers, which was sent by CBAN, the Council of Canadians, Earth Action PEI, the MacKillop Centre for Social Justice and Kids Right to Know, elicited only one query to AIC. That came from the Prince Edward Island provincial education department. “They were very comfortable with what we had provided them and there’s been absolutely no communication to me in terms of any education departments getting involved,” Ross said. Sharratt said her group got two responses. The Nova Scotia education ministry said it did not promote the webinar and the Newfoundland and Labrador ministry asked for more information. “I don’t know how clear standards are but we thought it was important to alert students and teachers and ministers of what we thought was pretty clear product placement in this case,” she said. “Schools are a very clear market for this GM apple so it was particularly alarming that the … product placement was so up front.” Sharratt also noted development of the Arctic Apple has been controversial, even in agriculture circles, so AIC information should recognize that in its programming. ADVERTISMENT Ross said that is the goal. “We’re very interested in telling the whole story of agriculture,” she said. Attention to the AIC program from other groups has raised its profile, said Ross. “I’ve been told a number of times that I guess this means we’re doing good work, because we’re being noticed. We have absolutely nothing to hide. That’s why it hasn’t been hard to speak to it, because we’re very, very proud of the resources and the programming that we’re offering to schools across the country.” Ag in the Classroom programming is carried out by farmers and volunteers with limited staff support. Ross praised that involvement. Sharratt noted that as well, with a proviso. “We do know that there’s a lot of farmers and volunteers involved. And all of the work that farmers and volunteers do with Ag in the Classroom could be undermined if corporate interests are using it to promote their products to students,” she said. “That was our concern that was flagged by this webinar. We don’t yet have a perspective on how far that may be a problem inside the program itself.” ADVERTISMENT Popular articles Farmers overcharged nearly $100 million in CGC… Police warn about illegal left turns Survey reveals ‘amazing’ soil loss in Great… Grain bag slashing angers farmer Genesis plans huge fertilizer supercentre west of… About the author Barb Glen — Lethbridge bureau Also by this author Canadian pork sector eager to form… Agriculture in the Classroom in a… Biotech advances not helping poor:… stevesavage The story of those apples is a great example of Canadian farmer-driven innovation going against all odds to develop a consumer-oriented, waste reducing trait. Not sure how one could tell that without mentioning the brand. It should be a source of pride for all Canadians Sheryl McCumsey This is exactly the opposite of what you are claiming. This is about the lack of ability of someone to cut up their own apple…….instead this apple will be placed in packaging…….something we need to REDUCE. Reducing food waste begins at the grocery- and some stores already have eliminated that entirely. This is up to retail and consumers to change and this apple has nothing what so ever to do with that. This is to benefit industry NOT the consumer and certainly NOT waste. stevesavage Sheryl, The pre-sliced offer is just one way this apple can be marketed. If the public phobias and anti-technology campaigns can be overcome it would be possible to offer it as a whole apple for those of us who prefer to do our own slicing. Rob Bright Public school classrooms are no place for industry propaganda. How is this not clear to people? Harold What we clearly know is to sit down, shut up when told, and to obey authority no matter what authority looks like or face punishment as was taught by our very own school system. The one’s who dropped out of the school’s systems know authority very differently. Take a freshly graduated student and ask him what his personal authority as a individual person is; ask anybody. Unable to answer, you will see that the Education System did well and why propaganda is taught in schools. It can take many years to un-educate yourself. Aren’t we all just sitting down and shutting up and letting the authority’s whoever they say they are handle all of the concerns while we pass private notes between our student desks awaiting our teacher’s next assignment. (like we are doing now) What is our Authority? Those who say they have “none” have been educated well, and those who say that we are the authority know the truth and they stand. (very few) No Law is passed without majority consent and we just can’t seem to figure out the simplicity of it all. Is CBAN or the Government or the politicians with their own ideological personal well thought out educated opinions the majority? A: only when we consent to sit down, shut up and obey their teachings. What is not clear; the fact that we have not left behind our student desks to roam the halls freely as our parents and teachers do? Why should we interfere with government? A: because we as an individual or as a majority, have a Living Constitutional Lawful and undeniable RIGHT to do so immediately at any given moment and time and our conscience demands it. . (unless educated = the many) The same simplicity occurs at any restaurant; if you don’t have an order, then what you want rightfully does not come to your table by your server and the Chef rightfully prepares nothing and you have only wronged yourself. Are we feeling like we are fasting? Make an order. If you don’t like the sauce, have it removed. No explanation for your dislike is necessary, and importantly, regardless of your mental state. What I mean by this is that the majority makes the decisions and government has no law that gives them the right to question or a right to ignore it. If we remain silent (educated) then the plate that lawfully landed on your table is by your own consent. Silence = educated = knowing what you are doing and Protest/petition = educated = knowing what you are doing, and referendum means not enough signatures to support a petition proving majority. The simplicity of law Is kept out of the schools and from the public at large to benefit whom? I’m sure that the Government elite and the corporate elite will have the appropriate answer. Sheryl McCumsey Personally I have not been silent and in fact I wrote the Minister of Education about this issue and spoke with someone from this department. What I was told is that this is not his issue because they deal with the curriculum. I said, “Isn’t the curriculum deal with content?” Yes I was told. So I said this is the content of what our children are being taught and it is not balanced when an industry has decided to market to our children. This puts the responsibility on parents to object. We are expected to object every and each time industry lobbies to our government in regards to removing environmental regulations and influencing our education. We are expected to “know” what is going on when media isn’t fully reporting all the issues. Teachers would need to spend a lot of time to go through information shared in the “toolkit” for teachers that “Ag for Life” shares. They say they are non-profit but they are supported by Monsanto and other chemical companies. This means that we are up against multi-national corporations that have very deep pockets- that are in effect advertising to our children without the informed consent of their parents. If we decide to elect an individual that we hope will listen to us we are out of luck if they do not follow through. A perfect example is Trudeau and his abandonment of electoral reform. This is only one example but industry spends a lot of money lobbying to government and has influence over media. This is just another serious and disturbing example. Harold The first step is to win your argument with facts before you attempt to write a letter. You send your letter properly addressed to the full name and full address of the Minister that you are contacting and he personally must respond by a written and signed in ink letter. (You make an Order to do so) This is the undeniable evidence of your communication. A person who speaks on the Ministers behalf is hearsay and irrelevant. If you accept a person other than the Minister and you communicate, you may have unknowing changed the “game”; that was mistake number One. Mistake number two. You do not ask the Minister a question at anytime unless you intend to be his or her student. You present your written fact evidence (proves that you are educated in the matter) and you make an order such as; “whereas this is in conflict with the spirit of the education system and its purpose I hereby withdraw my consent and require your quest be for the matter to be made of no cause and effect in the education system”. (what “This” and what “education system” have to be identified fully) “I require that you personally respond within 14 days of receiving this letter”.(you keep a copy of your letter and it doesn’t hurt to send it double registered to prove that it was received). You have Just created a cause and an order. You have placed the minister in a position where he can only respond to your facts and provide you with more fact. This is the start of your second letter if you can counter and don’t accept a half hearted response without countering with a demand for full accountability for the facts. 2+2= 4 and no matter how many people point it out, or do not point it out, it remains a fact Be prepared to say this if some idiot politician says dismissively that you are the only one with a concern. He is not in a position to challenge your order. The Minister’s return letter and your letter becomes your fact evidence that you will present to the public at large because the Minister is their servant too. This is why you can never accept a half hearted letter written by the title of Minister; you are corresponding to a adult by an adult and not to a child. Your order to the Minister is also an order that the public will follow as well. For example: we the public petition and agree and demand the order carried out as written) Do you think that we are playing any games with the Politician? Mistake number three. What you said in part was “……not his issue because THEY deal with the curriculum”. Did you “educate” him or did he just “educate” you and say “put your hand down” Miss so and so. It is a trap and dismissal trick that they hope you accept. (most do) Not fooled you would ask if the conversation is being recorded, and if not, ask him to supply recording; If not so be it. I would then say “I don’t know you, and I don’t understand you (understand means agree) and I will await the Ministers written response; have a good day” and then hang up. (reason later) If adventurous I would take his full name and Rank and then ask who the “they” are. Does the “they” have a name? You know for every “they” that there is a department head that has a full name. (responsibility) Even “they” who live at the North Pole have a Santa Clause. Perhaps he meant Santa Clause. You write down the full name and full address of the name who is the “they” so that you can give the Minister of Education the name of the “they” to help execute the order in your letter. (Mr Minister I “order” you to tell Mr “they/name” to cease and desist) Next I would order Mr.Rank to become a messenger to the Minister of Education to inform the Minister that “you will not consent to Mr Rank or hearsay speaking on the Ministers behalf.” “Inform the Minister, Mr.Rank, that my letter dated (….) remains true and unchanged and that I am awaiting his written response.” What you are doing is keeping your letter active in meaning, facts and orders.This is followed by: “can you Mr.Rank repeat to me what you have written down for the Minister on my behalf.” Hopefully you were recorded and now Mr Rank is liable, so you need the date, time and notes of the details to enter into your file to retrieve the recording and etc later. Next, you bid him a “good day” and hang up. In the background, Mr Rank got an order to call you for which Mr.Rank needs to return a report to the sender. Here is the trick being played. People change their minds and they have a lawful right to do so unless under contract it is prevented. Your letter demands a written response from the Minister but accepting a call from Mr. Rank instead is a change of mind and Mr Rank’s report is attached to your letter as the evidence. Any recorded part of the conversation can also indicate a change of your opinion relative to your letter. That is why Mr. Rank often takes you to la la land and introduces you to “they” and further why it is done over the phone; letter writing and signatures are precise. Mr Rank provides the evidence and now Mr. Minister does not need respond. (you are back where you started) Further, the Minister is not responsible for what he say’s because he just may not be able to recall what he says. The Minister is not responsible for what he thinks that you publicly voiced/phoned to him, for the very same reason. However, he is responsible for every written word and especially where his signature appears. This is why they like to do town halls and speeches and never write anything down or collect order’s bearing a wet ink signature and why we hear monologues but the public is never heard. I will ask you this; what upsets and inspires people more; what you say or the evidence that proves what you say? What are the tricks meant to do? If the Minister has written that he will not obey your order then you go to majority petition whereby consent is withdrawn by the majority. Hopefully this information helps. SageThinker It’s another gimmicky trait. I don’t mind the mention of a brand name in a classroom, but i hope the GMO apple never goes into the lunch rooms of schools, and i hope it’s not taught as some kind of wondrous things. It’s more of an example of pointless technology that introduces risk of harm for dubious benefits. By the way, Steven Savage who also commented here is a known industry cheerleader. He’s author of many polemics for the GMO and agrochemical industry and Monsanto flew him to Hawaii to lobby the government there with Kevin Folta… so make of his comment what you will in that context. kim hunter What next, Pfizer selling synthetic opiods in classrooms as the only answer to teen angst? Where does the special interest end in the classroom if we allow this industry propaganda to be peddled as education? “The main speaker for the webinar, presented to high school students on March 7, was Jessica Brady, a member of the marketing and communications team for Okanagan Specialty Fruits, the company that developed and is marketing the Arctic Apple. “ grinninglibber Another unneeded GMO Trojan horse product. Most fast food restaurants and grocery chains will not carry it. Sheryl McCumsey Will students get all the information? Will Western Producer post my comment or will I be sharing this “again” on another page? “I don’t think we’re hiding behind the fact that we use that technique,” said Neal Carter, founder and president of Okanagan Specialty Fruits. “We don’t want to demonize the product by putting a big GMO sticker on it.” HUH? The genetically engineered apple (or GMO) called the Arctic Golden Apple is already being sold in the US although we are not being told where exactly. Why not? There has been a ton of resistance to this from both consumers and growers BUT now there is definite plans to market this directly to our children in the classroom across Canada. Is it acceptable to market to our children at all especially inside a classroom? Corporations are certainly in the classroom and this in itself is disturbing. Check out who sponsors those non-profits that explain why pesticides are necessary. The United Nations has reports that say we need to change how we farm that does not include pesticides. One: Genetic Engineered products all share the same scientific concern. We do not yet know and understand how a genome interacts – “replacing” DNA inside the plant genome changes the entire genome as DNA interacts just like David Suzuki puts it, like an orchestra but now you have someone playing a completely different tune. Does that matter? No one tests how this will affect our health or the environment because it is not required. Early uses of this technology are discussed in, “Altered genes, Twisted Truth” which I encourage you to read. Unknown and untested. Two: The enzyme that oxidizes an apple that is silenced has been discussed in studies before this apple was conceived, “PPO gene families perform multiple functions in plants. Little is known about the PPO gene family in apples, but in other plants, PPO genes are known to bolster pest and stress resistance. This raises the question of whether non-browning apple trees might be more vulnerable to disease and require more pesticides than conventional apples — and whether they might transfer those vulnerabilities to other apple trees.” This enzyme has a purpose. Three: This is not just an apple with apple genes. Because it is impossible to know if DNA “takes” markers are used so that it can be determined if the desired DNA is actually present. The marker used in this apple is a kanamycin resistant bacterial gene. Kanamycin is used in the treatment of serious diseases such as TB which is on the rise and becoming more resistant to treatment. Kanamycin is given intravenously. This is another concern. Four: It is impossible to contain damage to a market. You cannot contain this once it is growing in a field. Serious economic issues to farmers have resulted due to contamination of GE Flax, corn, soy and wheat in the US and Canada. This cannot be contained and growers did not want this apple. Many more countries do not want GE crops than those that accept this for some of the concerns I just mentioned. Damage to markets. Five: This will not address food waste but it may increase packaging of a simple food that does not require packaging. If people are opposed to an apple that “browns” they can use lemon juice or buy a variety of apple that already resists browning and does not have any of these risks. These apples are: Cameo, Snowsweet, Cortland, Empire, Gala, Goldrush, GingerGold, Masonova and Shizuka. This apple is redundant and a waste of money and effort. Addressing food waste is very important and can be done with far less effort- including writing grocers to change policies. Redundant. Six: Other GE crops have been tested such as corn to show that there is a chemical difference. ” The marked increase in putrescine and especially cadaverine is a concern since these substances are potentially toxic, being reported as enhancers of the effects of histamine, thus heightening allergic reactions.” “These apples make long double stranded RNA molecules (dsRNA). dsRNAs are proven vertebrate toxins. They are called toxins in the scientific literature.” Serious concerns around toxicity already exist. Seven: We are repeatedly told that GMO’s are not new, that we are all eating them and that this isn’t any different than other food we eat. This just isn’t true and when issues around GE wheat are discussed the same parties argue that GE wheat does not exist. We have created new foods that does not use this technology at all. We can continue to do this safely and without concerns around environment or health. GE crops are different and have patents on them. Why does this industry say one thing and then another? This is confusing isn’t it? Eight: Some people have never liked the idea of “owning” life or the arrogance that seems to always come around thinking we understand the consequences of this when clearly we do not. Then there is the question of labeling. Why don’t you label it? With all of this what is your “gut” reaction? I use this analogy, when standing on the beach in Thailand watching the water move out I would have run like hell and maybe not have questioned what was going on……….and then asked questions about tsunami’s……..we are being hit with a tidal wave of GE crops. Corn, canola, sugar beet, soy……..salmon (that will very well damage our wild populations), apples and even potatoes are on their way. We are told many things about this technology but often it is far from the truth. Label it don’t tell me that I am “demonizing” it- I want to know what I am eating and I am a part of the “majority”. Let’s demonstrate democratic values please. Nine: There are 750 studies just released from the Brazilian Ministry of Agrarian Development discussing the hazards and harm of this technology. Science does not suppress concerns it embraces them, recognizes them and discusses them. The bio-tech industry has not been honest or forthcoming and belittles anyone that questions them. Science exists around the multiple and widespread concerns of a technology that is just not needed. Every GE crop has a hybrid that can and often does outperform it. Ten: IBS. Irritable Bowel Syndrome. Canada is a world class leader of gut issues. There are many diseases that are dramatically increasing in relationship to pesticide increases and all the science around both GE crops and pesticides. Animals show harm in studies and we see it in the general population. This industry however is extremely powerful. Share this widely………before they hear about it. AND get it out of our classrooms. Teach children all about this but don’t let corporations do it for us. Peter Olins “Every GE crop has a hybrid that can and often does outperform it.” I’m speechless. Latest opinion pieces A tale of two sectors: connecting social licenses… Gov’t must make good on food promise From the Archives: Fat shortage prompts push for… Tory leaders clash over ag policy Downsizing rarely desirable, but plan can improve… World leaders grapple with changing trade… Featured bloggers Ed White Ed White has specialized in markets coverage since 2001 and has achieved the Derivatives Market Specialist (DMS) designation with the Canadian Securities Institute. Markets at a glance Copyright © 2016. All market data is provided by Barchart Market Data Solutions.  Futures: at least 10 minute delayed except as noted. Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice. To see all exchange delays and terms of use, please see disclaimer. Popular articles Producer puts plants to work as solar panels Scours prevention: biosecurity, colostrum and… VIDEO: Exhibit to spread canola story Olds College receives $16 million donation CFIA report to weigh in on glyphosate debate On Twitter Tweets by @westernproducer Subscribe to our e-Newsletters Subscribe to our daily and weekly newsletters, including: Producer Daily, Markets Moment, and Markets Moment: Special Edition. Recent Comments Rob Bright on Bayer hopes merger will aid wheat program Peter Olins on Bayer hopes merger will aid wheat program The Western Producer on Bayer hopes merger will aid wheat program Sheryl McCumsey on Bayer hopes merger will aid wheat program Sheryl McCumsey on Bayer hopes merger will aid wheat program  RSS Feed  Subscribe in a reader Social Media Facebook Twitter   Sections Back All articles News Crops Livestock Markets Weather Farm Living Opinion & Blogs Video WP Twitter Site links Back Subscribe Digital editions Classifieds Advertise Website Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright Statement About Contact ©2017 Western Producer Publications Limited Partnership
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Report claims to shed new light on Apple’s iPhone 8 design Mike Wehner @MikeWehner March 20th, 2017 at 2:45 PM Share Tweet The much-anticipated iPhone 8 is expected to be a radically forward-thinking phone, but since it’ll essentially be the 10th anniversary iPhone, would it make sense to give it design language similar to the original? A new report out of Korea suggests that’s exactly what Apple has in store for its next smartphone. According to ET News, the device will feature a “water drop design” on all edges, wrapping around the rear of the phone and giving it an even softer aesthetic than that of the iPhone 6, 6s, and 7. Don't Miss: Nintendo finally issued a formal response to the biggest problem people have with the Switch An excerpt from the original report (translated) makes the device sound like a rounded, all-glass body : Apple’s next iPhone is expected to be closer to ‘water drop design’. It embodies the back side design with curved emphasis, resembling the initial iPhone. According to industry sources on Tuesday, Apple adopted a three-dimensional glass material on the back case of the iPhone 8. This 3D glass case makes curves around the top, bottom, left and right edges. The edge curve is said to be more gentle and rounded than the existing metal case edges. If accurate, the design choice makes sense considering the iPhone 4, 4s, 5, and 5s were the only Apple smartphones to not feature rounded edges, but the report makes it sound like the actual curve of the body will be especially dramatic this time around. The report of a curved glass back panel might also support earlier, persistent rumors that the iPhone 8 will feature a curved front display. Curved glass on both sides of the device certainly sounds like something Apple might be keen on, much like the flat glass on the front and rear of the iPhone 4 and its immediate successor. Tags: Apple, iPhone 8, Rumor View Comments Trending 1 Tech iPhone 8 and iPhone 7s specs and features listed in new report 2 Deals The one accessory every Nintendo Switch owner needs is somehow discounted on Amazon 3 Tech Galaxy S8: Specs, release info, and everything else we know right now 4 Deals Never worry about protecting your Pixel XL screen again 5 Tech The 8 best new features Apple added to your iPhone in iOS 10.3 Picked For You Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Retail Roundup with Taylor Hood Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters ! 55° Share WikiLeaks: CIA hacked Apple devices in ways users can’t fix By Anick Jesdanun / Associated Press Published: Thursday, March 23rd, 2017 at 4:26pm Updated: Thursday, March 23rd, 2017 at 4:26pm FILE - In this Friday, Sept. 16, 2016, file photo, a customer sets up his new iPhone 7 Plus, right, as he switches from the iPhone 6 at the Apple Store on Michigan Avenue during the release of the Apple iPhone 7 and the latest Apple Watches, in Chicago. New documents from WikiLeaks, posted Thursday, March 23, 2017, point to an apparent CIA program to hack Apple's iPhones and Mac computers such that the exploits persist even after the devices are reset to factory conditions. Security experts say the exploits are plausible, but they are playing down the threat to typical users. The techniques typically require physical access to devices, something the CIA would only use for individuals it is targeting. (AP Photo/Kiichiro Sato, File) .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........NEW YORK — New documents from WikiLeaks point to an apparent CIA program to hack Apple’s iPhones and Mac computers using techniques that users couldn’t disable by resetting their devices. Security experts say the exploits are plausible, but suggest they pose little threat to typical users. They say that many of the tricks are older — the iPhone hack involves the 3G model from 2008, for instance. The techniques also typically require physical access to devices, something the CIA would use only for targeted individuals, not a broader population. “The most notable part of this latest WikiLeaks release is that it shows the CIA doing exactly what we pay them to — exploit specific targets with limited attacks to support our national interests,” said Rich Mogull, CEO of the security research firm Securosis. Apple didn’t respond to a request for comment. The CIA has not commented on the authenticity of this and earlier WikiLeaks revelations, but has previously said it complies with a legal prohibition against electronic surveillance “targeting individuals here at home, including our fellow Americans.” The agency declined further comment Thursday. Advertisement Continue reading DOCUMENT DUMP The leaks Thursday come about two weeks after WikiLeaks published thousands of alleged CIA documents describing hacking tools it said the government employed to break into computers, mobile phones and even smart TVs from companies like Apple, Google, Microsoft and Samsung. The latest disclosures are much more focused and consist of just 12 documents, all involving Apple products. The documents describe techniques for rewriting devices’ firmware in ways that would maintain a hacker’s access even if a user resets a phone or computer to factory settings. Doing so wipes out all apps and the operating system and installs a clean version; it is an extreme measure sometimes used to deal with technical problems, but is also the sort of step that someone suspicious of surveillance might take when getting a brand new phone. A December 2008 document describes “NightSkies,” a tool apparently designed to target the iPhone 3G; the document claims it can retrieve files such as contact lists and call logs and execute other commands. WikiLeaks suggested in a press release that the “CIA has been infecting the iPhone supply chain of its targets since at least 2008.” However, the document describes only how to install the malware on a “factory fresh” version of the 3G — specifically, the iPhone 3G running the 2.1 version of Apple’s operating system, both of which are now nine years old. CAVEATS GALORE But infecting all phones somewhere in the manufacturing process would be extremely difficult, said Mogull, especially given multiple layers of inspections conducted by Apple and its contractors. At most, he said, the CIA might have shipped a rogue phone individually to a target. And while it’s possible that the CIA developed similar techniques for later iPhone models, Mogull said iPhones from the past few years have much greater security, including digital security certificates that cannot be overwritten. A flag would be raised during the setup process if certificates do not match. Johannes Ullrich, director of the Internet Storm Center at the SANS Institute, said NightSkies might not even be a current project given that the document was last updated in 2008, while the leaks appear to have come in 2016. Other documents released describe similar exploits for Mac computers. One hides in the firmware of Apple’s Thunderbolt-to-Ethernet adapter and requires someone to plug in that adapter to install the malware. Another targets a specific Mac model, the MacBook Air with the Leopard version of the Mac OS system — current at the time, but now seven generations old. Ullrich said the Mac exploits all appear old. He added that some of the Thunderbolt issues have been fixed to make the hack more difficult to pull off. Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe More News Suggested Stories: Why the CIA is using your TVs, smartphones and cars for spying – Mar 7, 2017 WikiLeaks: CIA has targeted everyday gadgets for snooping – Mar 7, 2017 WikiLeaks pledges to release software code of CIA hacking tools to tech firms – Mar 9, 2017 Apple: Software flaws in latest WikiLeaks docs are all fixed – Mar 24, 2017 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics Newsletters CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy Contest Terms RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Switch The CIA may have hacked iPhones and Macs before they even got to customers, but probably not yours The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Hayley Tsukayama By Hayley Tsukayama March 23 Follow @htsuka (Regis Duvignain/Reuters) This post has been updated with statements from Apple and the CIA. WikiLeaks claimed Thursday that the CIA had found a way to intercept and hack into Apple iPhones just a year after the company's smartphone hit the market. The group also claimed that the CIA was able to infect Mac computers. But it's very unlikely that your iPhone or Mac was affected, experts say. Apple said that its preliminary assessment of the WikiLeaks documents show that the "alleged iPhone vulnerability affected iPhone 3G only and was fixed in 2009 when iPhone 3GS was released." The company also said that the alleged Mac exploits described by WikiLeaks were fixed in all Macs launched after 2013. The CIA referred The Post to an earlier statement that declined to comment on the accuracy of the WikiLeaks information, but denounced disclosures "designed to damage the Intelligence Community’s ability to protect America against terrorists and other adversaries." The documents offer a rare glimpse into the world of modern espionage, said Jeff Pollard, a security and risk analyst at Forrester Research. For Apple and other companies, he said, it also shows that it's very difficult to secure their products all the way from their factories to their customers. "The most concerning part of this is that it highlights that it doesn't matter how secure you keep a device," he said. "You have to understand that there could also be something that gets delivered to you in a device that you purchased." According to WikiLeaks, the documents allege that, as far back as 2008, the CIA was able to install software on iPhones before they were shipped to their intended owners. There's no evidence of tampering done at Apple's factories, experts said. The documents also purportedly show that the CIA found a way to install software on Macs that could not be removed, even if a user were to reinstall their operating system. There is a specific mention of the CIA trying to intercept a laptop that it knew was being given to someone as a gift to plant its malware. Both methods require physical access to the devices. There is no evidence in the documents that the CIA used these methods on a broad scale. [WikiLeaks: The CIA is using popular TVs, smartphones and cars to spy on their owners] Experts who examined the documents said there is little chance that the average consumer — particularly in the United States, given the CIA's foreign focus — would have been affected by these attacks, said Will Strafach, a noted iPhone security expert and co-founder of Verify.ly, a mobile app intelligence service. It's also unlikely that anyone could look at these documents now and design a similar hack, he said. "It’s too old. And even if it wasn’t too old, it requires you to get to a device that is en route to somebody specific," he said. The release of these documents follow a similar disclosure from WikiLeaks earlier this month, which allegedly outlined a suite of hacking tools used by the CIA that target smartphones, cars and televisions. The group has said that it will work with technology companies to help patch flaws exploited by the CIA's hacking tools, but offered few details on how such a partnership would work, Reuters reported. Apple said that it has not "negotiated with WikiLeaks for any information" and has instructed the organization to submit information though its normal processes. "Thus far, we have not received any information from them that isn’t in the public domain," the company's statement said. "We are tireless defenders of our users' security and privacy, but we do not condone theft or coordinate with those that threaten to harm our users." business technology the-switch true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post. Follow @htsuka 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 A look at how Trump’s moves on coal will affect the industry 2 Analysis Spiders could theoretically eat every human on Earth in one year 3 One of the most troubling ideas about climate change just found new evidence in its favor 4 Republicans are poised to roll back landmark FCC privacy rules. Here’s what you need to know. 5 Trump touts jobs as Ford invests $1.2 billion in Michigan plants Market Watch DJIA 0.78% NASDAQ 0.65% Get quote Last Update: 3:49 PM 03/28/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business technology the-switch Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Sideways Dictionary Created by See More Analogies or Add Your Own Sponsored by Sponsored by Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software The Midnight Black OnePlus 3T is finally available for purchase 58 minutes ago Telegram Messenger receives UI overhaul on Windows phones 1 hour ago Lenovo announces the VR-ready ThinkStation P320 3 hours ago Samsung's hottest announcement is on the way, but its stores can't stand the heat 3 hours ago View all recent news Telegram Messenger receives UI overhaul on Windows phones 1 hour ago Lenovo announces the VR-ready ThinkStation P320 3 hours ago Microsoft "responded in under 30 minutes" to email info request after London terror attack 7 hours ago Windows 10 Creators Update is now available to install using Microsoft's Update Assistant 9 hours ago View all Microsoft news Google Home will be available in the UK from April 6, priced at £129 10 hours ago Google loses over 250 YouTube advertisers due to misplaced ads on extremist videos 23 hours ago Google reintroduces "Free App of the Week" section on the Play Store Mar 27, 2017 LG G6 unboxing and first impressions Mar 26, 2017 View all Google news Apple releases iOS 10.3, macOS 10.12.4 Sierra, watchOS 3.2, and tvOS 10.2 to the public Mar 27, 2017 T-Mobile updates some of its protection plans to include AppleCare Mar 27, 2017 7 Days: A week of Android announcements, Windows 10 anticipation, and fresh fruit Mar 25, 2017 Apple's new iPad, iPhone SE, and PRODUCT(RED) iPhone 7 are on sale now Mar 24, 2017 View all Apple news LosslessCut 1.6.0 14 hours ago Bandizip 6.0 out of beta, final version released Mar 27, 2017 Chasys Draw IES 4.44.01 Mar 27, 2017 PeaZip 6.4.0 Mar 27, 2017 View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Logitech BRIO review: The best webcam you can buy 6 hours ago Oukitel U15S review: A combination of wrong choices Mar 20, 2017 Nintendo Switch Review: Jack of all trades or master (system) of none? Mar 12, 2017 ZTE Blade V8 Pro Review: A phone that attempts to deliver everything you want for under $230 Mar 7, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials Unboxing and application of the Spigen GLAS.tR SLIM HD screen protector for Nintendo Switch Mar 27, 2017 LG G6 unboxing and first impressions Mar 26, 2017 Unboxing the Nintendo Switch Pro Controller Mar 24, 2017 Official Nintendo Switch unboxing video debuts, this time it's not a stolen unit Feb 22, 2017 View all unboxings ISOs for Windows 10 Creators Update build 15063 can now be downloaded from Microsoft [Update] 19 hours ago Windows 10 Creators Update is now available to install using Microsoft's Update Assistant 9 hours ago LastPass working on security update for newly discovered browser extension vulnerability Mar 27, 2017 Destiny 2 becomes official 23 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Save over $500 off The Ultimate DevOps Mastery Bundle - price dropped to just $35 6 hours ago Save 52% off the Porta Memory 3-Pronged Flash Drive - get for just $59.95 via Neowin Deals Mar 27, 2017 Get this this ISACA Certified Information Systems Auditor Training for just $29 Mar 24, 2017 Get a a lifetime subscription to TNT Stream Unblocker Plus for just $39.99 via Neowin Deals Mar 23, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Apple drops the iPad Air 2; replaces it with the cheaper "iPad", starting at $329 By Andy Weir Senior News Editor Neowin LLC @gcaweir · Mar 21, 2017 with 37 comments Two and a half years ago, Apple announced the iPad Air 2, an ultra-thin 9.7-inch tablet with a Touch ID fingerprint sensor, priced from $499. Today, alongside its announcements of the new (PRODUCT)RED iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, and a storage increase for the iPhone SE, Apple ditched the iPad Air 2, and replaced it with a new model simply referred to as "iPad". Given that the Air 2 was released so long ago, the new model isn't much of an upgrade - but given that it costs significantly less than the now-deceased model, that's no great surprise. The new iPad gets the same 64-bit A9 processor as the iPhone 6s, 6s Plus and SE, replacing the A8X chip of the iPad Air 2. The front (1.2-megapixel) and rear (8-megapixel) cameras also appear to be same as the iPad Air 2, and the new iPad also has a Touch ID fingerprint scanner embedded in the home button. The 9.7-inch Retina display has the same 2048x1536px resolution too. But the big difference is the price. The new model now starts at just $329 for the 32GB Wi-Fi model, and $459 for the variant that includes 4G LTE connectivity. The only other storage option is 128GB, which will add an extra $100 to those prices. The new iPad will be available to order on Friday, in Gold, Silver and Space Gray. Shipments will begin in the US and over 20 other markets from next week, expanding to more countries throughout April and May. Apple also dropped the iPad mini 2 from its range today, while doubling the storage on the iPad mini 4 at no extra cost. Tags Apple Ipad Ipad 2017 Ipad air 2 Ipad mini 2 Ipad mini 4 Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Amazon launches Alexa voice shopping through Prime Now Next Story Microsoft: Windows 10 is ready to serve China's public sector Advertisement Community Activity Refresh Windows 10 Creators Update is now available to install using Microsoft's Update Assistant in Front Page News ISOs for Windows 10 Creators Update build 15063 can now be downloaded from Microsoft in Front Page News Samsung's hottest announcement is on the way, but its stores can't stand the heat in Front Page News How to install windows 10 (UEFI) on a second drive when you already have it installed on an NVMe drive in Microsoft (Windows) Support Network Storage WD My Cloud 2TB - Good solution? in Hardware Hangout Elon Musk has launched Neuralink; wants to turn everyone into cyborgs in Front Page News Horizon Zero Dawn in Sony Console Google Home will be available in the UK from April 6, priced at £129 in Front Page News Trending Stories ISOs for Windows 10 Creators Update build 15063 can now be downloaded from Microsoft [Update] 19 hours ago with 31 comments Windows 10 Creators Update is now available to install using Microsoft's Update Assistant 9 hours ago with 73 comments LastPass working on security update for newly discovered browser extension vulnerability Mar 27, 2017 with 5 comments Destiny 2 becomes official 23 hours ago with 1 comment Related Stories New Apple patent suggests possible use of the iPhone or iPad to power a laptop Mar 24, 2017 iTunes 12.5.4 Dec 14, 2016 iOS 10 is now on 54% of Apple's active mobile devices Oct 11, 2016 Apple releases iOS 10 - here are all the devices that can upgrade Sep 13, 2016 · Hot! deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $39.00 92% off CompTIA IT Certification Bundle $1,077.00 $49.00 95% off Complete C# Coding Bootcamp $765.00 $41.00 95% off Master Unity By Building 6 Fully-Featured Games from Scratch $30.00 $15.00 50% off Ethical Hacking A to Z Bundle $1,273.00 $39.00 97% off Show Comments 37 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Creators Update now available to install using Microsoft's Update Assistant tall promo only review Nintendo Switch: Jack of all trades or master (system) of none? nintendo switch review Oukitel U15S: A combination of wrong choices oukitel u15s The new features and improvements coming soon to Windows 10 tall promo only video LG G6: Unboxing and first impressions lg g6 There are now more than 10 million Windows Insiders windows insider Microsoft has removed all Lumia Windows phones from its UK store lumia Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Computing Latest WikiLeaks docs show how the CIA hacked iPhones and MacBooks Latest WikiLeaks docs show how the CIA hacked iPhones and MacBooks By Ryan Whitwam on March 23, 2017 at 4:37 pm Comment WikiLeaks began publishing a cache of data pilfered from the CIA several weeks ago, and the process isn’t anywhere close to over. The last round of leaks covered the covert tools used by the CIA to exploit Android, Windows, and other platforms. This time it’s Apple’s turn in the spotlight. The “Dark Matter” documents describe how the CIA has sought to crack Apple’s products, including the MacBook and iPhone. As with the previous dump of CIA documents, these are all about five to seven years old. They likely have little relation to what the agency is using now to gain access to devices. Still, it’s interesting to see what technological spycraft looks like, even if it’s a little out of date. On the MacBook side of things, the CIA had several tools aimed at breaking the security model of OS X circa 2008. One tool was known as Sonic Screwdriver (the CIA likes Doctor Who references) that enables agents to bypass the firmware password on the computer as it boots. Sonic Screwdriver can be introduced via a Thunderbolt or USB port, allowing the installation of other tools on the device without the user’s knowledge. There are also the Triton and Der Starke packages for the MacBook. They both do similar things when infiltrated into the firmware of a Mac. The both give the CIA access to all the files and activities on your computer, and they’re undetectable by anti-malware apps. Sonic Screwdriver is an ideal way to deliver these tools to a target machine. It’s unclear if the above MacBook tools still function, but I doubt it. One tool that’s almost certainly dead is DarkSeaSkies, which was developed exclusively for the original MacBook Air in 2009. This tool is also installed in firmware to spy on the user, but it was much less elaborate. The CIA likely moved on to Triton and Der Starke. The only document that covers the iPhone is from 2008, which was shortly after the device debuted. It focuses on the iPhone 3G (the second iPhone ever) with iOS 2.1. It’s called NightSkies, and again it requires physical access to the device. It remains dormant until it detects user activity, then pings a control server. The remote operator can use NightSkies to steal files, monitor user activity, and even block encryption for secure communications. All these leaks come from the operational manuals, which don’t include technical details of the hacks. WikiLeaks has promised to provide technical details to affected companies, but thus far that hasn’t happened. WikiLeaks is reportedly insisting on onerous conditions before anything is disclosed. Tagged In apple security iphone privacy Macbook CIA wikileaks Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Android founder’s new smartphone teased, lacks corners and bezel Mar 28 Razer launches refreshed Blade Pro with THX support, Kaby Lake processors Mar 28 ET deals: Get online courses from Udemy for just $10 each Mar 28 Amazon’s cashier-free store breaks when more than 20 people are shopping Mar 28 Elon Musk wants to implant an AI interface in your brain Mar 28 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
  SOFTPEDIA®   Windows   Drivers   Games   Mac   Android   Linux   News Softpedia > News > Microsoft > Windows Phone FLASH SALE: Bitdefender 2017      50% OFF! After Copying the Surface, Apple Is Now Ripping Off Windows Phone Continuum Too GO Apple exploring Continuum-like feature for its iPhone Mar 23, 2017 22:01 GMT  ·  By Bogdan Popa  ·  Share:  Back in 2012 when Microsoft introduced the original Surface 2-in-1, Apple executives and even CEO Tim Cook himself laughed off Redmond’s new device, calling it just a weird mix of a toaster and a refrigerator. More recently, however, the success recorded by 2-in-1 devices in general, and Microsoft’s Surface in particular, convinced Apple it was the time to expand in this product category too, so the iPad was upgraded with a detachable keyboard that brought it closer to the concept that Microsoft invented in 2012. And now, it looks like Apple is once again looking at its rival for a feature that could arrive on future iPhones. A new patent that was spotted a few days ago reveals that Cupertino is exploring a feature that looks a lot like Microsoft’s own Continuum, which is available on select Windows 10 Mobile devices. Samsung and Apple looking into Continuum-like features Microsoft is one of the first companies that invested in this approach of converting phones to PCs when connected to bigger screens, and now it looks like this idea is catching the attention of other large phone companies too, including both Samsung and Apple. Samsung is expected to take the wraps off a similar feature later this month with the introduction of the brand-new Galaxy S8, and later this year, Apple could do the same with the next-generation iPhone. According to this patent, Apple might be planning an accessory sold separately that comes in the form of a laptop without the processing power, with the iPhone to play the essential role when plugged in. This would work similar to HP’s own Lapdock, and would require the iPhone to be connected to this device in order to turn the smartphone into a portable PC. The accessory could come with a wide array of connectivity ports, and could also feature a dedicated GPU unit, plus a keyboard, obviously. What’s interesting is that the iPhone could be plugged in where the touchpad usually resides on a laptop, so its screen could be used for controlling the cursor. Apple hasn’t yet confirmed anything related to this project and it’s still in patent stage, but there’s no doubt that the idea Microsoft adopted for its Windows phones is gaining much more attention these days, especially from rivals who invest much more in smartphones. Continuum improvements Microsoft itself is also committed to improving Continuum, and the company is already working on a series of new features, most of them supposed to make the whole experience more similar to what you can get on a PC running the full version of Windows 10. Future versions of Continuum would come with support for resizable windows, but also with a fully-featured taskbar with a system tray and everything. Users would be able to pin apps to the taskbar, minimize running apps, and get full multitasking, which is a feature that can’t miss from a device supposed to emulate the PC experience. #Microsoft#Apple#Windows Phone#Continuum#iPhone subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news VAIO Launches an Android Version of Its Windows Phone Because Why Not? Microsoft Still Committed to Windows 10 Mobile for Consumers Microsoft Starts Hiring for Windows 10 Mobile Team You Can Now Get a Microsoft Windows Phone for Just $0.99 (With a Catch) Two Laptops with Hong Kong's 3.7 Million Voters' Data Stolen Samsung Store in Singapore Catches Fire Ahead of Galaxy S8 Unveil All 2017 iPhones to Support Wireless Charging, Apple Watch to Feature LTE How to Upgrade to Windows 10 Creators Update RTM Right Now Survey: 93% of Millennials Aren't Quitting Uber Two Laptops with Hong Kong's 3.7 Million Voters' Data Stolen Latest Black Lab Linux Weekly Build Optimizes Swap File Management for SSD Windows 10, the Only Way to Go: 8 in 10 Companies to Install the OS, Study Shows    HP Elite X3 connected to bigger screen for Continuum New Apps STAR Arts & Stuff: Thoroughly organize your collections of art or other types of rare objects with the help of this comprehensive yet lightweight application Ping Tester: Test the availability of any domain by running ping requests directly from your desktop, thanks to this simple and easy to use gadget Soda Player: Play streaming torrent movies instead of downloading them with a BitTorrent client using this modern tool that puts emphasis on privacy Icons8: Find the icons you need and add them into any graphics design project thanks to this application, which bundles a generous icon collection and searching capabilities Pixia: Advanced drawing application with numerous photo filters, color adjustment, multi-layer support, anti-aliasing, 3D mapping and text, and more Ashampoo Snap Business: Capture screenshots or record display activity with this feature-rich utility that allows quick output editing and file uploading, providing OCR recognition and timed actions 4Media iPad to PC Transfer: An easy-to-use application with some useful features that allow you to transfer any files between a computer and your iPad device Reader comments Microsoft Edge Hacked 5 Times at Pwn2Own, Google Chrome Almost Unhackable more on: Microsoft i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1362, 27 Mar 17 #1361, 20 Mar 17 #1360, 13 Mar 17 #1359, 06 Mar 17 #1358, 27 Feb 17 #1357, 20 Feb 17 #1356, 13 Feb 17 #1355, 06 Feb 17 #1354, 30 Jan 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members ScanSnap Squarespace Smile   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Security Update 2017-001 (Yosemite, El Capitan) EagleFiler 1.7.5 GraphicConverter 10.4 HoudahGeo 5.1.8 PopChar X 7.7 Default Folder X 5.1.4 iTunes 12.6 ClamXav 2.12.1 Microsoft Office 2016 15.32 Fantastical 2.3.4     Related Articles WWDC 2017 Moves Back to San Jose on June 5th through 9th (16 Feb 17) Three Highlights from MacTech Conference 2015 (09 Nov 15) MacTech Conference 2013 Abounds with Networking and Fun (11 Nov 13) MacTech Conference 2012 Opens Mental Doors (22 Oct 12)     Published in TidBITS 1361. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. An Ideal iPad Case for Little Kids Wi-Fi Widget Simplifies Wi-Fi Work in iOS Nine Accessories for Charging Apple Devices TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 20 March 2017 ExtraBITS for 20 March 2017     Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Tech News | 20 Mar 2017 | Print  | Comment (15) 30 Conferences for Mac and iOS Professionals in 2017 by Adam C. Engst and Josh Centers Despite the loss of Macworld/iWorld, which many in the industry continue to mourn, there’s no shortage of Apple-focused conferences for professionals to gather with peers. We have once again collected details — or at least dates — for all the Apple-related conferences we can find; if we’ve missed any, let us know in the comments. We’ve sorted them by date so you can scroll through and see which might fit into your schedule. If you want to meet part of the TidBITS gang, Adam Engst will be at the ACEs Conference in May, and he and Tonya are likely to go to MacTech Conference in November. Josh Centers is planning to attend the iBooks Author Conference in October. If regular TidBITS contributors are asked to speak at any others, we’ll be sure to mention that in a future article. MacTech Pro: March–September 2017 -- A regional event series from the folks behind MacTech Conference, MacTech Pro is designed for professional Apple techs and consultants. Events are single-track, hotel-based seminars, and the all-day schedule includes lunch. Topics will include creating a storage strategy, deployment methods, scripting Python, IoT and home automation, security, troubleshooting, and more. Early bird pricing is $299, with pre-registration pricing at $399, and regular pricing at $499. Educational and non-profit pricing is $199. The March 15th event in Seattle, WA has already passed, but the remaining MacTech Pro events will take place in eight cities throughout the United States: April 5 in Boston, MA May 3 in Atlanta, GA May 24 in Washington, D.C. June 28 in Denver, CO July 26 in New York, NY August 9 in Orlando, FL August 30 in Chicago, IL September 27 in San Francisco, CA Mdevcon: March 16–17, 2017 -- Held in Amsterdam on March 16th and 17th for mobile app developers, Mdevcon offered sessions for both iOS and Android developers. Tickets cost €190 (US$200) for conference-only tickets (sessions on the 17th) or €410 (US$440) to add the tutorial day on the 16th. iOSCon: March 30–31, 2017 -- Returning for its fourth year, iOSCon takes place at CodeNode in London for two days. The program features a number of sessions on building apps with Swift. Tickets cost £650 (US$800) plus VAT. Úll: April 10–11, 2017 -- The two-day Úll conference takes place in Killarney, Ireland at The Europe hotel and resort. Úll is designed for “people who build and love great products… presented through an Apple-shaped lens.” Frankly, it sounds like big fun. The speakers this year include refreshingly new faces; we encourage you to read their bios. Headline speakers include Christina Warren of Gizmodo, Horace Dediu of Asymco, and Jason Snell of Six Colors. Tickets cost €799 (US$855) without accommodations or €1149 (US$1230) with two nights at The Europe hotel. CocoaConf: April 21–22, 2017 -- Focusing on training for iOS and Mac developers, CocoaConf will be providing three tracks and over 30 breakout and general sessions for its April session in Chicago. (CocoaConf also has a conference in Yosemite National Park on March 20th through 23rd, but tickets are sold out.) Speakers for the Chicago event include developers Chris Adamson, Jeff Biggus, Janie Clayton, James Dempsey, Laura Savino, and T.J. Usiyan. Registration for CocoaConf costs $650, or $850 if you want to attend a pre-conference workshop held the day before. The workshop is also available on its own for $350. App Builders Switzerland: April 24–25, 2017 -- Another conference for mobile app developers, App Builders Switzerland will take place in Zürich on April 24th and 25th. It offers two tracks: one for iOS developers and another for Android developers. Tickets cost 349 CHF (about US$350) and include lunch and snacks. iOSDevCamp Colorado Springs: April 28-29, 2017 -- A free, informal event for iOS developers, the eight-annual iOSDevCamp Colorado Springs will take place the evening of April 28th and all day on the 29th. Expect “all day presentations, demos, and workshops from the best damn iOS developers in Colorado.” UIKonf: May 14–17, 2017 -- Billed as “Berlin’s independent conference for serious iOS developers,” UIKonf is still lining up speakers but currently promises developer Cate Huston of Automatic, typographer and developer Frank Rausch, and author Rob Napier. Registration costs €529 (US$565) and includes free social events on the first day of the conference, but the organizers are encouraging charity donations for the social events. ACEs Conference: May 31–June 1, 2017 -- Organized by Apple consultant Justin Esgar, the Phoenix-based ACEs Conference is in its third year and promises to be “the place for inspiration, ideas, business networking, and instantly-applicable knowledge.” Focusing on ways that Apple consultants can grow their IT businesses, topics will include brand coaching, business workshops, and even meditation for dealing with high-stress situations the job entails. It’s scheduled for May 31st and June 1st at the Sheraton Grand Phoenix. This year’s keynote will be delivered by business author and entrepreneur Mike Michalowicz. Other speakers include well-known names from the Apple IT and enterprise communities, like our own Adam Engst (who will be talking about content marketing based on his experience with the TidBITS Content Network), Marcy Maslove of Empowerment Unlimited Coaching, Alex Narvey of Precursor Canada, and Harold Mann of Mann Consulting. Early bird pricing of $524 ends 31 March 2017, after which the registration price is $699. The price includes breakfast and lunch both days, and dinner one of the nights. Save 10 percent by using coupon code TIDBITS. You can also buy one-on-one consulting sessions with Michalowicz for $500 or with Jennifer Dawn of Jennifer Dawn Coaching for $350. You can also sign up for Proactive Support professional certification for $250. MacDevOps:YVR: June 5–6, 2017 -- MacDevOps:YVR will take place June 5th and 6th in Vancouver, Canada on the campus of Simon Fraser University. It focuses on open source projects built by members of the Mac enterprise community, such as Munki, created by Greg Neagle of Disney Animation and now the most popular app for distributing Mac software in the large organizations. If you code as part of managing Apple devices, check out this conference. Topics covered at MacDevOps:YVR include open source projects like Munki, Santa, osquery, Zentral, and more; code sharing with GitHub, GitLab, and other source control systems; security; the future of Apple IT; and the role of MDM for Macs in the future. Speakers include security researcher Sarah Lewis, Mike Lynn of Dropbox, and Joel Rennich of Trusource Labs Enterprise Services. For more details, listen to a podcast with Mat X, the conference organizer. Early bird registration costs CAD$265 (US$200) until 31 March 2017, after which it increases to CAD$465 (US$345). WWDC: June 5–9, 2017 -- Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference will take place at the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose, CA June 5th through 9th (see “WWDC 2017 Moves Back to San Jose on June 5th through 9th,” 16 February 2017). Registration opened 27 March 2017 at 10:00 AM PDT. As in previous years, tickets will be distributed by lottery to registered developers who wish to attend. Tickets cost $1599, but Apple offers scholarships for students that include lodging. A number of other events will be taking place alongside WWDC. Jim Dalrymple’s Beard Bash will offer free music and beer on 5 June 2017 at the City National Civic. John Gruber will be hosting a live recording of his podcast, The Talk Show, on 6 June 2017 at the California Theater. James Dempsey and the Breakpoints will be performing the night of 7 June 2017 at the City National Civic, with proceeds to benefit App Camp for Girls. If you can’t score a WWDC ticket, there are three adjoining conferences: AltConf, CocoaConf Next Door, and Layers.287.9925 AltConf: June 5-8 2017 -- AltConf is a free, community-driven event that takes place alongside WWDC, offering additional talks and events for those who weren’t lucky enough to get into WWDC or who want a break from the Apple Reality Distortion Field. While tickets are free, you can buy a “hero ticket” for $300 that guarantees entry. CocoaConf Next Door: June 5-8 2017 -- Taking place alongside WWDC — literally next door — CocoaConf Next Door is a four-day developer conference covering all things Swift, iOS and macOS. Early bird registration is $999 until 28 April 2017, when the full schedule is expected to be announced. Confirmed speakers are Jean MacDonald of App Camp for Girls, author Daniel Steinberg, author Rob Napier, and Khan Academy developer Laura Savino. Layers: June 5-7 2017 -- A conference for designers, Layers is described as “like a party, but for learning.” This three-day conference will take place at the Montgomery Theater, across from WWDC. Details have yet to be announced, but tickets cost $850 each. MacDeployment: June 8–9 2017 -- A two-day conference starting on June 8th at the University of Calgary in Canada, MacDeployment is dedicated to the best practices in Mac deployment and maintenance. Registration will open in April. X World: June 29–30, 2017 -- For those who manage Mac and iOS installations in a support, lab manager, network technician, or systems administrator role, the Australian Apple University Consortium puts on the X World conference. Session and registration information are not yet available, but the conference will take place at the University of Technology Sydney. MacAdmins: July 11–14, 2017 -- Hosted at the Penn Stater Conference Center Hotel in State College, PA, the MacAdmins conference offers over 50 technical sessions on Mac and iOS deployment plus networking opportunities for over 400 Apple-focused admins. Details about sessions and speakers for 2017 are not yet set, but registration opens 28 March 2017 and will cost $599 for early-bird registration, going up to $799 on 17 May 2017. Registration includes workshops, breakout sessions, networking events, and breakfast, lunch, and dinner throughout the event. Rooms at recommended hotels can be found for around $100 per night Macstock Conference & Expo: July 15–16, 2017 -- Returning for its third year, Macstock 2017 will be held July 15th and 16th at the Luecht Conference Center in Crystal Lake, IL. The $199 premium ticket admission to all speaker and roundtable sessions, lunch, dinner, breakfast, a T-shirt, the new Macstock Swap Trading Zone, admission to Barry’s Midwest Mac Mingle After Party, and a complimentary pint glass. If you don’t want to go to the after-party or need a pint glass, you can get a $169 standard ticket, and if you have only one day to attend, an $89 single-day ticket gives you a choice Saturday or Sunday. Speakers will include Chuck Joiner of MacVoices, developer Brett Terpstra, and Allison Sheridan of Nosillacast, among a variety of other well-known members of the Apple media and user group world. Refreshingly, Macstock is aimed at Apple enthusiasts of all experience levels, making it one of the few conferences that’s open to the everyday Apple user who just wants to learn more and hobnob with like-minded people. Sessions are identified as being appropriate for beginners or intermediate users. FileMaker Developer Conference: July 24–27, 2017 -- This one’s pretty specific, but since the FileMaker Developer Conference is open to the public and FileMaker is an Apple subsidiary, we’re including it. It takes place from July 24th through 27th at the JW Marriott Phoenix Desert Ridge in Phoenix. Early bird registration is $999 until 28 April 2017 after which it goes up by $100. Apple Market Forum: August 2017 -- Organized by Macworld/iWorld veteran Paul Kent and the Mac Observer co-founder Dave Hamilton, Apple Market Forum will offer “2 days of analysis, vision and insights into the dynamics, tools and technology that are defining the Apple Marketplace.” Details are sparse, but the AMF will have room for only 350 attendees so you’ll want sign up on the priority registration list to stay in the loop. iOSDevCampDC: August 4, 2017 -- iOSDevCampDC is a one-day “unconference” for iOS developers that will take place in McLean, VA. Stay tuned for additional details. 360|iDev: August 13–16, 2017 -- Claiming to be “the Leading indie iOS/Mac (and watchOS, and tvOS) developer conference,” 360|iDev is scheduled for August 13th through 16th at the Grand Hyatt Denver in Denver. Registration is $799 for indie developers and $1049 for enterprise developers. The fee includes hands-on pre-conference training, lunch every day, and receptions on the first two days. Speaker and session details aren’t yet available. Indie DevStock: September 2017 -- A conference for developers at the Gaylord Opryland Resort & Convention Center in Nashville, Indie DevStock is organized by women and will probably take place in September. No details are yet available. Sign up for their mailing list to be notified when tickets go on sale. try! Swift: September and November 2017 -- While the Tokyo instantiation of this conference is already over, try! Swift is returning to New York City in September and expanding to Bangalore in November. Details have yet to be announced, but try! Swift is described as “an immersive community gathering about Swift Language Best Practices, Application Development in Swift, Server-Side Swift, Open Source Swift, and the Swift Community.” You can sign up to receive more information. iOSDevUK: September 4–7, 2017 -- Focused on iOS development topics, the seventh installment of iOSDevUK will take place from September 4th through 7th. No other details are forthcoming, although the organizers say that tickets will go on sale before Easter. iBooks Author Conference: October 12–13, 2017 -- A gathering of the iBooks Author user community at Vanderbilt University in Nashville, the iBooks Author Conference focuses on educators, entrepreneurs, trainers, and authors. The main conference will be on October 12th and 13th. Early bird admission is $560 through 1 April 2017 with the price jumping by $70 after that. The keynote speaker will be Scott Bolton, a NASA astrophysicist and author of “Destination: Jupiter.” Other speakers will include the Apple Distinguished Educator Jason LaMar, Denise Clifton of Tandemvines Publishing, and author Luke Asa Guidici. Release Notes: October 16–18, 2017 -- While many conferences aimed at Mac and iOS developers have some sessions that cover business issues, the Release Notes conference aims squarely at that topic, building in plenty of time for essential networking. Scheduled for October 16th through 18th in Chicago. Details about speakers, sessions, and registration prices aren’t yet available, but you can sign up to be alerted when they’re decided upon. Last year’s speakers included Christina Warren of Gizmodo, David Sparks of MacSparky, Stephen Hackett of Relay FM, Jaimee Newberry of MartianCraft, and Rich Siegel of Bare Bones Software. MacTrack Legal: October 19–21, 2017 -- If you’re a Mac-using lawyer, check out the MacTrack Legal conference, held at Disney World in Orlando, FL. Speakers will include Katie Floyd, an attorney who co-hosts the Mac Power Users podcast with David Sparks of MacSparky, Randy Juip, and Tom Lambotte. Sessions will cover document workflow, communicating via video, GTD productivity, automated marketing systems, best practices in case management, and intermediate to advanced PDF work. The conference hotel is within walking distance of Disney’s Epcot, and the conference will overlap with the Epcot International Food & Wine Festival for anyone who wants to venture out of the conference or bring a spouse looking for something else to do. Early bird tickets cost $725 through 1 May 2017, with general admission after that priced at $825 and last-minute registration at $925. You can save $50 by using the coupon code TIDBITS. Jamf Nation User Conference: October 24–26, 2017 -- Much of being an Apple IT administrator these days involves device management. Jamf, one of the leading suppliers of device management systems with Jamf Pro (previously known as Casper) and Jamf Now (previously called Bushel), puts on the Jamf Nation User Conference (JNUC) with the purpose of “empowering people, transforming business processes and making IT life easier.” Held in downtown Minneapolis, the JNUC provides product demo and preview sessions, in-depth tech sessions, sessions dedicated to Apple services, and certification courses. Registration fees range from $499 to $1099, depending on when you sign up and if you’re in the education market. MacTech Conference: November 15–17, 2017 -- While the MacTech Pro events fit into a single day and travel around the country, the Los Angeles-based MacTech Conference offers attendees three days of sessions, seminars, and vendor interaction, plus pre-conference workshops and a pair of superlative evening activities. We’ve attended a number of times (see “MacTech Conference 2012 Opens Mental Doors,” 22 October 2012, “MacTech Conference 2013 Abounds with Networking and Fun,” 11 November 2013, and “Three Highlights from MacTech Conference 2015,” 9 November 2015) and recommend it to Apple IT professionals. It’s too early for there to be a list of speakers or sessions, but now is a good time to pencil MacTech Conference onto your calendar for November 15th through 17th, with pre-conference workshops on the 14th. Early bird tickets currently cost $949; the price will rise to $1599 eventually. Others? -- If we’ve missed any notable Apple-focused conferences that are open to the public and attract attendees from a broad geographic area, please let us know in the comments, and we’ll look into adding them. We do know that NSNorth is taking a year off, but may return in the future. A number of conferences from last year are either not returning in 2017 or say nothing online about their 2017 plans. If you know more about what’s happening with one of these conferences, tell us, and we’ll update the article appropriately. /dev/world AltConf CocoaLove MacSysAdmin NSSpain   TextExpander: Communicate smarter. Accuracy and consistency wherever you type. Insert “snippets” of text from a repository of boilerplate, emails and other text. Seamless sharing between you and your team on Mac, Windows, and iOS <http://smle.us/newte-tb>   Comments about 30 Conferences for Mac and iOS Professionals in 2017 To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. If you make your living in the Apple world as a consultant, developer, designer, or tech, there are a wide variety of conferences you can attend to hone your skills, learn new topics, network with your fellow wizards, and open your mind to new ways of thinking. Here’s our list for 2017. Be sure to let us know if you run across any others. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment iBooks Author Conference  2017-03-20 16:54 Thanks for including the 2017 iBooks Author Conference (www.iBooksAuthorConference.com) in this list. Very cool to see some of these other interesting events taking place around the world in support of the Apple ecosystem! Reply Richard Smith  2017-03-20 17:19 jamf NATION User Conference, October 24-26, 2017 For MacAdmins, aimed at admins that use/manage jamf PRO/NOW. An MDM solution for both macOS and iOS. Reply Adam Engst   2017-03-20 19:20 Thanks, we've added it in. Reply Henry Larsen  2017-03-20 23:41 Sorry, but in this article you guys repeatedly set off a loud annoyance buzzer for me and, I expect, more than a few others. What's the problem? Well, here are a few examples: Mdevcon: ... Amsterdam, Netherlands IOSCon: ... London, England Don't all educated people (such as those who might be interested in attending a tech conference) know where Amsterdam is?!? (And it's 'the Netherlands' by the way.) If you mean Amsterdam, New York, then, OK, specify that. Otherwise the city name suffices. Likewise London. CocoaConf: ... Chicago, IL Is there even another Chicago, anywhere? App Builders Switzerland: ... Zürich, Switzerland Gosh, do you really think your readers are so stupid that they might think the App Builders _Switzerland_ conference is possibly in Zürich, Alabama? &c., &c., &c. Now, I understand that most of your readers are American and many observers have noted that Americans may be more geographically challenged than others -- but that's no reason to pander to them. Reply Adam Engst   2017-03-21 09:06 From a publishing standpoint, we juggle completeness versus brevity all the time. For this article, we chose to be complete in terms of providing U.S. states or countries with the city name in most cases. I honestly wasn't paying that much attention to the place names this time around in favor of focusing on the dates and other details. Now that you point it out, it does look a little awkward, so I'll go through and trim out the obvious ones. I somehow doubt that most people know where Crystal Lake and State College are, so I'll leave those. Reply Richard Smith  2017-03-21 18:08 On that note, a consistency issue, you have the list mostly sorted by date, so I'm wondering why MacAdmins: July 11–14, 2017, is listed above X World: June 29–30, 2017. Reply Adam Engst   2017-03-21 19:21 Good eye — fixed! Reply Anonymous   2017-03-24 02:24 This comment reminds me of ... never mind. Reply David   2017-03-26 19:22 Did you really just write ~150 words to complain about *that*? Reply Tom Harrington  2017-03-21 21:36 Thanks! There's also the upcoming iOSDevCamp Colorado, next month! It's an informal developer conference in Colorado Springs. http://iosdevcampcolorado.com/post/158134864828/iosdevcamp-colorado-springs-2017 Reply Darren Wallace  2017-03-22 13:20 Not sure how well this would fit in but we've just finished the second ever MacADUK conference (http://www.macad.uk) this year (2017). Although not to the letter of the article title, it is more than 12 months away :) Reply Adam Engst   2017-03-22 13:26 We'll put it on the list to include next year! And next year we'll try to get this article done in January. Reply Jim Schmidt  2017-03-24 09:47 MacAdmins has communicated this year's pricing via email; looks like someone missed updating their web site's public pages. "Early-bird registration is $599, same price as last year!. On May 17 the cost will increase to $799, so register early to save $200!" http://macadmins.psu.edu/conference/registration/ Reply Adam Engst   2017-03-24 09:53 Thanks, I've updated the article. Reply Josh Centers   2017-03-28 11:48 I've added three conferences that will be adjacent to WWDC. Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. If you make your living in the Apple world as a consultant, developer, designer, or tech, there are a wide variety of conferences you can attend to hone your skills, learn new topics, network with your fellow wizards, and open your mind to new ways of thinking. Here’s our list for 2017. Be sure to let us know if you run across any others. Add a comment  Search   Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Adam C. Engst and Josh Centers TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Sign In / Sign Up Sign In Sign Up New User Show navigation Hide navigation Home Jobswitch Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Blogs Planning Room Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Showcase Media Television Print Out of Home Digital Below The Line Radio Media Briefs Directories Case Studies Latest Advertising Marketing Media Digital Events Online Videos Join us on Pinterest Get latest news on advertising, media and marketing Vivo IPL Antaryami Fans #10SaalAapkeNaam Mobile-First SEO The Marketers Edition #3XEDigital The Fearless girl statue Patanjali is India's Buzziest Brand; Amazon, Jio follow... By afaqs! news bureau , afaqs!, Mumbai | In Marketing | March 24, 2017 483SHARES In the 12th edition of India's Buzziest Brands, the most exciting edition ever, Baba Ramdev's Patanjali has emerged has the No.1 brand. At No.2 is last year's winner Amazon. At No.3 is Jio, a first-timer at the Buzzies. The results of the 12th edition of India's Buzziest Brands are out. This time, Patanjali has emerged as the Buzziest of them all, followed by Amazon and Jio. Incredibly, all three brands are relatively new to the Buzzy Brands list. This is Amazon's third, Patanjali's second, and Jio's very first outing at the Buzzies. Moreover, it's brand No.4 Paytm's second, and brand No.5 Apple's fourth time here. So the top five Buzzy Brands of 2017 are all relatively new to the Buzzies. This year, of the top 10 brands, two are from the FMCG segment (Patanjali, Vivel), four are from the consumer electronics/handset segment (Samsung, Vivo, Oppo, Apple), two are e-commerce players (Amazon, Flipkart), one is a mobile-based digital brand (Paytm) and one, a telecom brand (Jio). Four of the brands on this year's top 10, were also on last year's top 10: Amazon, Apple, Samsung and Flipkart. Methodology: This time there were eight jurors for the Buzzies (more than usual; typically we have around five jurors) and each of them had five votes to cast. In line with Buzzy tradition, the jury vote got 30 per cent weightage and the popular vote got 70 per cent weightage. The number of valid voters in Buzzies 2017 was 2,424. Additionally, 1,562 voters participated in choosing the Buzziest Brands by category. This year, the brands were classified under 24 product categories. The jury votes were entirely unprompted; that is, each juror used the unguided, free recall method to put down the names of five brands she/he thinks are Buzzy. As for the popular vote, voters were given the freedom to type the names of five brands they deem Buzzy; as they began typing, though, in the interest of helping them get the spelling right, they were prompted with a list of brands the names of which began with the letters they typed, much like Google does when one begins to key in a word in the search bar. The voting process was water-tight and all voters were given a verification link via email. For the category voting process, voters were required to select three brand names from a list, the length of which varied from category to category. They also had the option of adding a name they felt was missing from the list. The jury did not weigh in on this leg. The Jurors 1. Amarjit Batra, chief executive officer, Olx India 2. Avinash Pandey, chief operating officer, ABP News Network 3. Rajan Bhalla, group chief marketing officer, HT Media 4. Rohit Ohri, group chairman and chief executive officer, FCB Ulka 5. Sanjeev Handa, vice president and head of marketing, Maruti Suzuki India 6. Shalini Raghavan, chief marketing officer, consumer products division, L'Oréal India 7. Shivani Dhanda, director, marketing, eBay India 8. Suparna Mitra, chief marketing officer, watches and accessories, Titan Company This time there was sharp polarisation and unanimity in the jury decisions. Usually, the jury tends to be very scattered. Note that mobile wallet brand Mobikwik has won a Special Award at the Buzzies this year; it has been named the Most Innovative Brand. Now, a look at the Top 10 Buzziest Brands of 2017. The awards were given away at a glittering function at Crowne Plaza Hotel, Gurgaon, last night. 1. Patanjali Baba Ramdev-led power brand Patanjali has mastered the buzz-asna. In just a year's time, Patanjali has jumped from No.34 to No.1, in what might just be the biggest leap, and biggest upset, at the Buzzies, ever. Upset for last year's buzz supremo Amazon, that has been pushed to the No.2 spot this time. In a very short time, Patanjali has managed to make its presence felt in the consumer market as well as among its competitors; established giants like HUL, Colgate, Dabur and Emami have all taken turns re-looking their respective Ayurveda-based product portfolios. What makes Patanjali's victory even more special is the fact that 2016 was the first time the brand made an appearance at the Buzzies. No slow gradients for this brand; Patanjali believes in jumping straight into the big league. Over the past year Patanjali has been very active on the advertising front. In fact, the brand has not shied away from the blatant, we-are-better-than-them type of comparative advertising, something that's landed the Acharya Balkrishna-led team in some serious ASCI-flavoured trouble more than once. Of out eight jurors, five voted for Patanjali. Brand gurus and soothsayers are unanimous in their opinion that the Ayurveda-based brand is set to further its buzz quotient in the days ahead, what with plans to market its products in China and other markets in Asia. But then again, one never knows. Will a hot new brand dethrone it at the Buzzies next year? Or will Patanjali manage to hold on to this precious buzz? Well, that's the beauty of buzz, isn't it? - it's as transient as it is unpredictable. Interestingly, on this year's buzzy list, this victorious FMCG player is followed by five tech-backed brands, namely, Amazon, Jio, Paytm, Apple and Samsung. By the way, Patanjali is as old as the Buzzies; the company was set up in Haridwar in 2006. 2. Amazon Last year's winner Amazon has been dethroned, but not too unceremoniously. Though it's a big upset, the e-commerce brand hasn't slipped too much; it still sits tight at No.2. In a world where buzz can vanish in a jiffy, that's not too bad, we'll say. This is Amazon's third year at the Buzzies. In 2015, the brand was ranked No.25, after which it landed the top spot last year, after dethroning rival brand Flipkart (which by the way has slipped to No.10 this year). Though it doesn't have the most forthcoming spokespersons, Amazon always manages to find itself in the news. Of late, the brand's online video offering Amazon Prime has become a big buzz-generator for the parent brand. On the advertising front, Amazon has been, for years now, cracking insight after Indian insight. From 'Aur dikhao' and 'Kya pehnu' to 'Try toh kar' and 'Apni dukaan', Amazon has consistently been generating buzz that readily resonates with the Indian e-shopper. Most recently, the company released a campaign titled 'India ka naya prime time' for Amazon Prime Video. Just like the brands it is flanked by -Patanjali and Jio- Amazon has also fetched five juror votes. 3. Jio A first-timer at the Buzzies, Jio, a brand from the house of Reliance Industries, has fared very well. Right from the word go, Jio has been in the news for myriad reasons, of which the biggest one has been the free data carrot it used to lure the nation. Getting Shah Rukh Khan to play messenger only amplified the buzz. Recently, Jio was written about in the context of TRAI. The telecom regularity body got flak from telecom disputes settlement authority TDSAT for inadequately examining Jio's tariff plans. On the advertising front, the battle for buzz was fought by Vodafone's pug (a mascot the brand revived recently), the 'Airtel Girl' Sasha Chettri, and the face of Jio - Shah Rukh Khan. Meanwhile, Idea Cellular advocated the idea that 4G is not just for the urban elite, but for one and all. Interestingly, the gap between the top three brands is very marginal this time. The gap between the No.3 and No.4 brands, though -Jio and Paytm- is vast. As mentioned above, five jurors voted for Jio. Can Jio maintain the buzz it has garnered thus far? Or will it fizzle out once the data-related carrots vanish? Let's wait another 12 months to find out. Just an aside: A telecom brand that has, historically, done exceptionally well at the Buzzies is Airtel. The brand has topped the charts five times (2006-09 and 2012), has stood second once (2016) and has stood third once (2013). This time, Airtel has missed the top 10 bracket by a whisker; it's at No.11. By the way, Vodafone is at No.56 this time. Idea Cellular is at No.55. 4. Paytm If buzz were a man, he'd probably look and sound just like Vijay Shekhar Sharma, for a lot of Paytm's buzz has to do with its verbose, candid and media friendly founder. And of course, to demonetisation. Paytm debuted at the Buzzies last year at -brace yourself- No.53. Within a year, the hot, young mobile wallet brand, that was launched in 2010, has climbed to the No.4 position. The brand recently crossed the '200 million users' milestone. The founder's ambition to get 500 million users by 2020 only adds to the brand's buzz. This tech brand that looks to solve the country's 'Chuttay ki jhig jhig' found wings when the prime minister recommended using it in a speech. Subsequently, the brand used PM Modi's photos in a print campaign, got into trouble for it and apologised. Buzz has many hues, after all. (Jio did the same thing, remember?) Paytm was quite popular with the jury as well - three jurors voted for this brand. 5. Apple Score-wise a significant distance away from Paytm is Apple at No.5, with a couple of jury votes on its side. The brand has gained buzz over the past couple of years; it's 2016 buzz rank was No.7, in 2015 it was No.15. In its debut year, 2014, Apple finished fourth. Sometimes it's maintaining buzz and staying on the list that matters more than improving the score year-on-year. And Apple has stayed put since it first appeared on the list, so all's well. Just the mention of Apple brings to mind the gorgeous 'Shot on iPhone' billboards that are part of a global campaign. In fact, the team has routinely been changing the images on the billboards. This has helped keep the buzz around the campaign alive. On the product front, Apple's buzz has a lot to do with the relaunch of the iPhone 6 in India (at a cheaper rate), the e-commerce-led discounts around the iPhone 7, the company's plans to manufacture in India, and of course, predictions around what the iPhone 8 will look like and offer. Earlier this month, Apple was also in the news for its campaign aimed at promoting its subscription-based music streaming service Apple Music. 6. Samsung Despite a global product failure, which led to the withdrawal of its faulty smartphone Galaxy Note 7 -post which, for weeks, airline cabin crew made announcements to remind passengers that this is a dangerous, banned product- Samsung has retained its place in the top 10 Buzziest Brands list, albeit two ranks down from last year. Earlier this year, Samsung put its most customer-friendly, humane foot forward by launching a touching, digital ad campaign, that featured a visually impaired protagonist, to underscore its after sales customer service. Samsung has an interesting history at the Buzzies - the brand topped the charts in 2013 and 2014, only to be toppled to the No.2 position by Flipkart in 2015. Before entering -and sustaining- the single digit rank bracket in 2012, Samsung was a backbench-er for six years. The brand didn't garner much jury support this time; only one juror voted for it. Which means, it managed to stay in the top 10 thanks to the popular vote. We saw the same trend last year as well. The buzz on the wall is clear. Never mind the crisis Samsung faced on the product front... our voters continue to adore this brand. 7. Vivel If one were to graphically plot Vivel's performance at the Buzzies so far, one would get a sharp, steep inverted 'V'. The brand went from No.4 in 2015 to No.28 last year to No.7 this time. Before that it wasn't on the charts. As far as relative scores go, Samsung and Vivel are very, very close. The gap between Vivel and Vivo, however, is small yet fairly significant. Vivel appears to have hit refresh on the communication front of late. Not too long back, the brand was spotted in a video produced by digital media company Culture Machine in which Amitabh Bachchan made a strong case for gender equality. What's most striking about Vivel's presence in the top 10 Buzziest Brands this year is that not a single juror voted for it. The rest of the brands in the top 10 list have had the support of at least one juror if not more. This means Vivel has made it to the top 10 solely on the back of the popular vote. 8. Vivo Chinese handset brand Vivo has done very well. In just a year's time, it jumped from No.37 to No.8. And this is the brand's second outing at the Buzzies. Vivo has played its cards right in this market. Recall that it was Vivo's association with the BCCI, as title sponsor of the IPL for two seasons (2016 and 2017), that first put it on the buzz map, over a year back. And then, the brand went ahead and got the most buzzy celebrity ambassador on board - Ranveer Singh. Vivo's ads starring Singh have been all over the place these past few months. Two jurors voted for Vivo. 9. Oppo Just like Vivo, this Chinese handset brand has also had a great year. From No.42 last year -the brand's very first year at the Buzzies- to No.9 this year, Oppo has gathered a lot of buzz along the way. And recently, just like Vivo, Oppo too has found its own pot of cricket-centric buzz by forging an association with the BCCI; the brand has won the sponsorship rights for Team India for the next five years, starting next month. This includes the right to display the brand logo on the players' jerseys, among several other opportunities to associate with the cricketers. Incidentally, Oppo won these sponsorship rights, by outbidding rival brand Vivo. Oppo and Vivo, by the way, belong to the same parent company BBK Electronics. Actors Sonam Kapoor and Hrithik Roshan have also contributed to the brand's buzz. One juror voted for Oppo. 10. Flipkart Though Flipkart is one rank below Oppo, its relative score is very, very similar to Oppo's. Flipkart has had an interesting run at the Buzzies over the years. The brand debuted with a bang in 2012 at No.3 and, after slipping to No.5 and No.10 in the next two years, respectively, jumped to the No.1 position in 2015. Last year, the brand finished third, after archrival Amazon and telecom brand Airtel, respectively. Ongoing e-commerce wars (on the product launch, flash sale, discount and communication fronts) aside, Flipkart has also been in the news for changes on the investor and funding side of things. Flipkart reportedly raised around a billion dollars last week. Other than this billion dollar buzz, the company was talked about a lot when Tiger Global executive Kalyan Krishnamurthy was named CEO, earlier this year. Tiger Global is Flipkart's largest investor. One juror voted for Flipkart. Given the e-commerce player's mass appeal, it's no surprise that the public vote pushed it into the top 10. Given the rapidly changing e-commerce landscape, it will be interesting to see whether Flipkart manages to stick around in the top 10 next year or whether it slips away into oblivion. Buzzy Sponsors: Presented by: National Geographic Powered by: Fox Life Growth Partner: Surewaves Talent Partner: Talentrack 483SHARES Follow afaqs! Search Tags Patanjali Amazon Jio Paytm Apple Samsung Vivel Vivo Oppo Flipkart Shalini Raghavan Sanjeev Handa Shivani Dhanda Amarjit Batra Suparna Mitra Rajan Bhalla Rohit Ohri Avinash Pandey Buzzy Brands 2017 Mobikwik © 2017 afaqs!     Related Articles My name is ZuBee... Marketing Amazon is now India's Buzziest Brand Marketing Surewaves Buzziest Brands 2015: Flipkart is India's Buzziest Brand! Advertising The Buzziest Brands is back! Marketing Surewaves Buzziest Brands 2014: The Top 10 Brands Media 7th Edition of India's Buzziest Brands Marketing Stay Updated with Us Top 10 Stories Last Week Last Month Last Year Sarabhai VS Sarabhai on Hotstar: An Analysis Digital Patanjali is India's Buzziest Brand; Amazon, Jio f... Marketing Amazon Prime Video launches 'India Ka Naya Primeti... Advertising "Now, the shopkeeper can store condoms next to can... Advertising Meet MapmyIndia, the 'Desi Google Map' Advertising Madhukar Kamath calls it quits at DDB Mudra Group Advertising Durex cashes on its youth-centric image, launches ... Marketing Percept/H appoints Maneeza Ahuja as Branch Head, D... Advertising HUL, Amul in legal battle over latter's ad Advertising Why Raj Nayak feels subscription is the only way f... Digital Mahesh Chauhan responds to Nearbuy's open brief wi... Advertising Sarabhai VS Sarabhai on Hotstar: An Analysis Digital Amazon Prime Video launches 'India Ka Naya Primeti... Advertising "I've told my agency I want to clock at least 10 m... Advertising Sunil Raina named Lava CMO Marketing How Pulse candy captured the market: The Full Stor... Marketing Did we just see a desi ad with a kiss in it? Advertising "The formula of Crocs is as big a secret as that of Coke..." Marketing Meet Keegan Pinto, copywriter-cum-musician... Advertising Patanjali is India's Buzziest Brand; Amazon, Jio f... Marketing How Pulse candy captured the market: The Full Stor... Marketing Bajaj V: A piece of INS Vikrant in your bike Advertising "Rohit Shetty's 'Ranveer Ching Returns' is the mos... Advertising Voot to stream Bigg Boss Season 10's 'Unseen Undek... Media Publishing Did we just see a desi ad with a kiss in it? Advertising afaqs! Throwback: Meet 'The Airtel Girl': Rakul Pr... Advertising Sony LIV launches Hollywood library Digital "We don't have a fruit for a logo," shouts Microma... Advertising Meet Team Vermillion: The agency behind Baba Ramde... Advertising The Story Behind Paytm's Marketing... Digital 5 / 10❬❭ Case Studies The Future of VR, AR and Self-Driving Cars Marketing Source : LinkedIn View All Current Issue March 16-31 2017 Account Supervisor (Female) Mar 17, 2017 Media Sales Manager / Asst. Manager Media Sales Mar 03, 2017 Sr. Client Servicing Manager Mar 01, 2017 View all jobs ❭ Home About us Advertise Register Contact us Sitemap Service Agreement Quantum Code Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Advertising Creative Showcase News Interviews Account Movements Push Money App Media Latest News Television Print OOH Digital BTL Radio Media Briefs Interviews JobSwitch All Vacancies Top Employer Charter Members Post Resume Events Foxglove Awards 2017 afaqs! India's Buzziest Brands 2017 vdonxt asia Digies 2016 afaqs! Foxglove Awards 2016 Brand Owners' Summit afaqs! Buzziest Brands 2016 Unmetro, Delhi-2015 Brand Owner's Summit Healthcare Brand Summit Mobile.Nxt Follow us on: Get afaqs! in Your Inbox Copyright © 2017 afaqs!. All pages of the Website are subject to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any material on the Website for any commercial purposes.
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 20:12 GMT, Mar 28, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeViral Apple’s achilles heel: CIA hacks MacBook computers with ‘Sonic Screwdriver’ Published time: 23 Mar, 2017 22:01Edited time: 23 Mar, 2017 22:55 Get short URL © Norbert von der Groeben / Reuters WikiLeaks’ latest release of classified CIA documents has revealed the agency’s ability to bypass password protected Apple Macs while the laptop is booting up using a tool called “Sonic Screwdriver.” Monitoring and tracking tools can then be installed. The CIA’s user guide for Screwdriver, released as part of WikiLeaks’ ‘Dark Matter’ drop, describes the tool as “a mechanism for executing code on peripheral devices while a Mac laptop or desktop is starting up.” Ordinarily, an Apple Firmware password would prevent any changes being made during the startup phase. However, Screwdriver allows the CIA to infect the very core of the computer making it a stealthy tool undetectable by antivirus software. READ MORE: #Vault7: WikiLeaks releases ‘Dark Matter’ batch of CIA hacking tactics for Apple products The malicious code, implanted by the Screwdriver, attacks the computer's Extensible Firmware Interface (EFI), the firmware that loads the computer's operating system (OS). EFI resides outside of the hard disk space on the machine, making it much harder to detect. The implant code is stored on the firmware of an Apple Thunderbolt-to-Ethernet adapter, a small compact device used for transmitting data (similar to a USB cable), and when it’s plugged into the Thunderbolt port on Macs, it infects them. Once inserted into “any Mac laptop or desktop with a Thunderbolt port," the implant code then scans all internal and external hard drives looking for a volume with a specific name - FILER. If this is found, the code will execute, allowing the CIA to take control of the computer, potentially monitoring and transmitting everything that occurs on the machine. These tools must be physically implanted onto targeted machines. The agency outlines the steps taken by the installer, who must have physical access to the target computer for a period of “1-2 mins” in order to infect it. CIA monitors phone activity, incl browser history, YouTube video cache & mail metadata - WikiLeaks https://t.co/fnmmPjdsZxpic.twitter.com/dosyNrgNRr— RT (@RT_com) March 23, 2017 This means that any potential victims would have to leave their machine unattended, although for a brief period, to allow an agent to infect it. The CIA could, however, intercept the machine, for example, as it was being shipped to a customer from a warehouse, or if a potential target is detained by police and they gave the agency access to it. Once infected by the Sonic Screwdriver, the firmware implant known as “Der Starke” acts as a loader for the malware “Triton,”details of which were included in Thursday’s release. READ MORE: #Vault7: Assange says WikiLeaks ‘Dark Matter’ leak ‘small example’ of what’s in store Triton is the ghost in the machine, which silently monitors its OS activity, potentially sending information back to the agency. Once installed, the malware can take control of the computer and cannot be removed, even if the OS is uninstalled and reinstalled. It has been compared to a another bug, Thunderstrike, discovered on Macs in 2015. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
Don't Miss: How to fix 5 Windows 10 headaches CW@50: Data storage goes from $1M to 2 cents per gig (+video) Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. How to deal with backdoors inserted or left by vendors Read Computerworld’s April digital magazine! How to motivate the modern tech worker 4 high-growth tech fields with top pay More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Security News Leaked iCloud credentials came from third parties, Apple says Apple is confident its iCloud and Apple ID services haven't been compromised Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Lucian Constantin Romania Correspondent, IDG News Service | Mar 23, 2017 2:13 PM PT Credit: Agam Shah More like this Hackers demand $150K ransom, threaten to wipe millions of Apple devices iPhone, Mac owners: How to stymie hackers extorting Apple, threatening to wipe... 10 biggest hacks of user data in 2016 Video IT security: 3 things you need to know now A group of hackers threatening to wipe data from Apple devices attached to millions of iCloud accounts didn't obtain whatever log-in credentials they have through a breach of the company's services, Apple said. "There have not been any breaches in any of Apple's systems including iCloud and Apple ID," an Apple representative said in an emailed statement. "The alleged list of email addresses and passwords appears to have been obtained from previously compromised third-party services." A group calling itself the Turkish Crime Family claims to have login credentials for more than 750 million icloud.com, me.com and mac.com email addresses, and the group says more than 250 million of those credentials provide access to iCloud accounts that don't have two-factor authentication turned on. The hackers want Apple to pay $700,000 -- $100,000 per group member -- or "$1 million worth in iTunes vouchers." Otherwise, they threaten to start wiping data from iCloud accounts and devices linked to them on April 7. In a message published on Pastebin Thursday, the group said it also asked for other things from Apple, but they don't want to make public. "We're actively monitoring to prevent unauthorized access to user accounts and are working with law enforcement to identify the criminals involved," the Apple representative said. "To protect against these type of attacks, we recommend that users always use strong passwords, not use those same passwords across sites and turn on two-factor authentication." The hacker group confirmed there has been no breach of Apple services and hinted the leaked credentials were obtained through compromises on third-party websites. To some extent, that would be possible because many users reuse their passwords across multiple websites and because most websites ask users to log in with their email addresses. However, the unusually high numbers advanced by the group are hard to believe. It's also hard to keep up with the group's claims, as at various times over the past few days, it has released conflicting or incomplete information that it has later revised or clarified. The group claims that it started out with a database of more than 500 million credentials that it has put together over the past few years by extracting the icloud.com, me.com and mac.com accounts from stolen databases its members have sold on the black market. The hackers also claim that since they've made their ransom request public a few days ago, others have joined in their effort and shared even more credentials with them, putting the number at more than 750 million. The group claims to be using 1 million high-quality proxy servers to verify how many of the credentials give them access to unprotected iCloud accounts. Apple provides two-factor authentication for iCloud, and accounts with the option turned on are protected even if their password is compromised. The latest number of accessible iCloud accounts advanced by the Turkish Crime Family is 250 million. That's an impressive ratio of one in every three tested accounts. Moreover, if 750 million iCloud passwords are truly the result of password reuse on other websites, the other databases must have had billions of accounts combined or the password reuse ratio must have been unusually high. The largest ever data breach was from Yahoo with a reported 1 billion accounts. "I think the whole thing is a beat-up," security expert Troy Hunt, creator of the HaveIBeenPwned.com website, said by email. "At best they’ve got some reused credentials, but I wouldn’t be surprised if it’s almost entirely a hoax." Hunt hasn't seen the actual data that the Turkish Crime Family claims to have, and there isn't much evidence aside from a YouTube video showing a few dozen email addresses and plain text passwords. However, he has significant experience with validating data breaches and has seen many bogus hacker claims over the years. To be on the safe side, users should follow Apple's advice and create a strong password for their account and turn on two-factor authentication or two-step verification at the very least. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Security Apple iOS Apple Mac Apple Lucian Constantin is an IDG News Service correspondent. He writes about information security, privacy, and data protection. Follow 4 high-growth tech fields with top pay You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Why you should start using Google Keep right away Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go FCC reverses net neutrality ISP transparency rules The U.S. Federal Communications Commission has voted to roll back some net neutrality regulations that... Trump eyes an H-1B visa aimed at ‘best and brightest’ President Donald Trump is considering a new way of distributing the H-1B visa to ensure they go to the... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by VMware AirWatch Mobile Email Evolution: The Security Mandate Popular Resources White Paper When Cryptors Attack: Timeline of a Ransomware Infection White Paper Bridge the Talent Gaps in Your IT Team White Paper CenturyLink Cloud Application Manager Solution Brief White Paper Choose the Right Hosting Solutions for Global Digital Business Initiatives Video/Webcast Sponsored How an Entire Town Backed Up Over 1.5TBs of Data to the Cloud with Cloudberry Backup on AWS Go Top Stories Microsoft winds up work on Windows 10 Creators Update Work on Microsoft Windows 10's next feature upgrade, dubbed the Creators Update, appears to be done,... Opinion: Internet privacy? Who needs that? Senate Republicans think it’s fine and dandy for your ISP to sell your private data. Experian CIO embraces APIs and microservices to improve data transfer Experian CIO Barry Libenson and his team used APIs to improve data transfer to divisions and customers,... How to protect yourself from ATM crime Banks like Wells Fargo are rolling out much better ATM security. Here's why it won't stop ATM theft. ... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. It’s hard to be great when your computer isn’t Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Editorial Beats Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple The only two things you need to keep your Apple Watch looking pristine Maren Estrada BGR NewsMarch 22, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share The Apple Watch, like just about every other Apple device on the planet, is gorgeous. And just like every other Apple device on the planet, the Apple Watch is also very fragile. One or two missteps and your pristine Apple Watch is suddenly all scratched up. And trust us, once you’ve got a few scratches on your Watch, it’s going to upset you every single time you look at it. Instead of waiting for the inevitable, get out ahead of things and protect your Apple Watch from damage before it happens. All you need is two inexpensive items — a ArmorSuit MilitaryShield Apple Watch Screen Protector and a Spigen Rugged Armor Apple Watch Case — and you’ll ensure nothing ever happens to your precious Watch. ArmorSuit MilitaryShield Apple Watch Screen Protector ArmorSuit MilitaryShield Kit for Apple Watch 42mm or 38mm (Series 1 / Series 2) includes our MilitaryShield piece(s), Installation Solution, Squeegee, Lint-free cloth, and Installation Instructions. Ultra HD Clear and amazingly thin, perfectly matches the contours of your device. Easy application with flexible material is designed for maximum full coverage on curved corners and edges on your device. Created from scratch-proof, ultra-tough, optically clear, military-grade, yellow-resistant material and is custom fit for each particular gadget and device with full body and screen protection. MilitaryShield has self-healing technology, which helps eliminate minor scratches on the film all by itself. Significantly reduces dust, oil and fingerprint smudges. ArmorSuit stands behind the quality of our MilitaryShield products to ensure 100% Satisfaction to all of our customers. All ArmorSuit MilitaryShield products are backed by Lifetime Replacement Warranty. Made in USA. ArmorSuit MilitaryShield 42mm (Series 1) Anti-Bubble Ultra HD Full Coverage Screen Protector fo…: $7.85 ArmorSuit MilitaryShield Ultra HD Anti-Bubble Full Coverage Screen Protector for Apple Watch -…: $7.85 Spigen Rugged Armor Apple Watch Case [Patent Pending] New look featuring glossy accents and carbon fiber textures Flexible TPU case & Raised lip of 1.2mm protects screen Air Cushion Technology for shock absorption Tactile buttons for solid feedback and an easy press Apple Watch Case Compatible with Apple Watch Series 2/1/Original(2015) 42mm or 38mm Spigen Rugged Armor Apple Watch Case with Resilient Shock Absorption and 2 Screen Protectors In…: $11.99 Spigen Rugged Armor Apple Watch Case 38mm with Resilient Shock Absorption and 2 Screen Protecto…: $11.99 Trending right now: Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: A perfect tablet, totally ruined $8 gives your Google Pixel the iPhone 7 feature it’s been missing Nintendo Switch will be back in stock at GameStop today See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next NASA just captured a photo of Jupiter that you won’t believe is real BGR News Did an astroid strike a Martian ocean and create a cataclysmic tsunami? BGR News We're sorry this is all we were able to find about this topic.
Politics | Entertainment | Arts | Lifestyle | Business | Health | Subscribe Search for: Submit Observer Politics National International New York New Jersey Editorials National Security Entertainment TV Movies Music Books Movie Reviews Lifestyle Fashion Celebrity Food & Drink Home Design Real Estate Travel Arts Theater Visual Art Dance Opera Business Technology Startups Internet Culture Media Health Psychology Relationships Fitness Subscribe to Newsletters Freedom from Privacy Google Beat Apple on an Accountability Scorecard—And No One Saw It Coming 'Company disclosure was inadequate across the board' By Brady Dale • 03/23/17 5:27pm We know you’re looking, but how much do you see? Pixabay / Creative Commons It’s an internet truism that most people don’t read the terms of service for the apps and websites they use. Typically, this is viewed as a lamentable state of affairs, but—as we have said before—not everyone needs to read them. If a few people read companies’ digital policies, that’s enough to alert the public about really dangerous changes in what tech companies disclose. There is good news and bad news on this point. The good news is that there is an organization, Ranking Digital Rights, that reads these policies systematically and reports on what they see. It released its 2017 report on 22 of the world’s largest technology companies today. It assessed their transparency and privacy policies, as well as their disclosures about security breaches and government censorship requests. Here’s the bad news: “Company disclosure was inadequate across the board,” the report says. So even with people looking at these documents, we can’t assess what they don’t tell us. The report assesses companies like Facebook, Mail.ru, Twitter, Vodafone, AT&T and Tencent. To get a sense for what the report covers here’s some of the key takeaways from its assessment of Apple and Google. Apple The last accountability report came out in 2015, but this is the first time the organization assessed Cupertino. Generally speaking, Apple is thought of as one of the best companies for protecting consumer privacy. The logic goes like this: Apple wants to profit from customers buying its products. This helps explain why Apples products tend to cost more: consumer prices aren’t subsidized by income from marketers that buy data about the products’ users. In fact, Chris Soghoian, a security researcher, has argued that the higher price of an iPhone amounts to a pay-for-privacy scheme. But Ranking Digital Rights finds their specific commitments to protecting users lacking. “Apple placed seventh out of the 12 internet and mobile companies and ninth in the overall Index, scoring lower than any other U.S.-based company evaluated,” the report states. The report assesses companies on governance (how it ensures its commitments), freedom of expression (the degree to which users can say what they want, know the limits and understand how governments might curtail that freedom) and privacy (how much information is collected about users, how it’s used and whether it gets shared). Under governance, the report stated that it “offered little evidence of a substantive grievance and remedy mechanism enabling users to issue complaints against the company for infringement of their freedom of expression or privacy.” This is no surprise to anyone that’s tried to cover Apple. It is an opaque company. App stores have become an easy way for repressive governments to undermine freedom of expression, as The New York Times reported in January. We know that Apple has caved to pressure to kill an app. “Apple should disclose its processes for responding to requests it receives from governments to restrict apps in its app store,” the report states, “as well as the volume and nature of these requests, as these requests are becoming an increasingly prominent threat to freedom of expression around the world.” The report faults Apple for failing to do a good job describing what it collects about user behavior, but it notes approvingly that Apple defaults to encrypting users data. “Apple’s disclosure regarding its encryption policies was notably better than most other companies evaluated, disclosing that it encrypts users’ communications by default,” it writes. The general consensus about Apple is that it provides the hardware and the service and just generally doesn’t watch users. In fact, it encrypts their data in such a way that it couldn’t if it wanted to, but that’s just a guess. We just don’t know, and clearer statements from Apple on these points would be good. Alphabet (Google) Google’s whole business model relies on profiting off of gathering information of people who use its services, but Ranking Digital Rights gave the company the highest score of any company assessed. It may be a for-profit NSA, but at least it admits to a lot of its spying. That said, the report found its governance language wanting. “While Google articulated a clear commitment to upholding users’ freedom of expression and privacy rights, it did not disclose evidence of board-level or even executive-level oversight over these issues within the company,” it writes. “This marked a decline in clarity of disclosure about governance and accountability mechanisms across Google’s global operations since the company’s corporate restructuring under Alphabet.” One of the smartest PR moves Google ever made won high praise in the report. “Google disclosed more than any other company in the Index about how it handles government and private requests to restrict content and accounts,” it wrote. Google’s transparency reports set the standard for how other companies write similar disclosures. These reports detail requests made by governments about its users. The report also wrote that “Google performed poorly on a number of indicators related to disclosure of how it handles user information.” That’s saying the least about the most. It’s surprising the report didn’t take some points away because the company quietly ended its commitment to divorce personally identifiable information from tracking data, as Propublic reported last year. Both Google and Apple received mixed reviews under security. Both are known for having good security teams, but they don’t have commitments about notifying users impacted by breaches. Google has a bug bounty program; Apple doesn’t. Both of them have fairly clear statements about how they use encryption. Overall, Apple scored 35 percent, with its highest marks in privacy (48 percent). Google led the list with a score of 65 percent, with its highest marks in governance (71 percent). Ranking Digital Rights is a project of the New America Foundation, and it is one of the organizations collaborating with Consumer Reports on a new privacy standard for digital products, as we previously reported. “We believe that public commitment and disclosure of basic policies is an essential baseline,” the report contends, “from which to evaluate companies’ respect for human rights.” More From Observer Meet the Brave Souls Who Read LinkNYC’s Two Different Privacy Policies By Brady Dale Observer Daily Observer Delivered to Your Inbox Sign Up Submit Must Reads Observer Politics Entertainment Lifestyle Arts Health Contact About Newsletters Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP We noticed you're using an ad blocker. We get it: you like to have control of your own internet experience. But advertising revenue helps support our journalism. To read our full stories, please turn off your ad blocker.  We'd really appreciate it. How Do I Whitelist Observer? How Do I Whitelist Observer? Below are steps you can take in order to whitelist Observer.com on your browser: For Adblock: Click the AdBlock button on your browser and select Don't run on pages on this domain. For Adblock Plus: Click the AdBlock Plus button on your browser and select Enabled on this site. Then Reload the Page
Login All Reviews Editorials News Samsung Plans to Refurbish and Sell the Recalled Note 7 watchOS 3.2 Adds Theater Mode, SiriKit Password Protection Comes To Pages, Numbers, Keynotes on iOS, Mac, iCloud Tips macOS: Creating an App-Specific Password for iCloud Pages for macOS: Always Start New Documents With Specific Template Podcasts Apple's New APFS File System, Developers Respond to App Store Reviews - TMO Daily Observations 2017-03-28 TMO Background Mode Interview with Microsoft Chief Creative Architect Ben Rudolph View All Results → HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick View All Reviews → Apple, Why Don't You Want Folks Sending Secure Emails on iOS? Reminders and Why Siri Rocks 'Em iPhone SE 2017 Another Example of Apple Doing Less and Less with More and More Why the iPad mini is On Its Deathbed PSA: Don't Charge Your iPhones in the Bath View All Editorials → Apple Buys Workflow, iTunes First-run Movie Rentals – TMO Daily Observations 2017-03-23 Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Mar 23rd, 2017 1:41 PM EDT | The Mac Observer's Daily Observations Podcast Apple just bought the iPhone and iPad automation app Workflow. Jeff Butts and Bryan Chaffin join Jeff Gamet to share their thoughts on what the Workflow purchase means for iOS, plus they look at Apple’s push to offer rentals for movies that are still showing in theaters. MP3 Feed Feedback Apple Buys Workflow, iTunes First-run Movie Rentals - TMO Daily Observations 2017-03-23 1:41 PM Mar. 23rd, 2017 — Download: MP3 Version (AAC Version Coming Soon) Apple just bought the iPhone and iPad automation app Workflow. Jeff Butts and Bryan Chaffin join Jeff Gamet to share their thoughts on what the... Sponsors Looking for fresh and ready to make meals delivered to your door? Check out Blue Apron. TMO Daily Observations listeners get three free meals from your first order and free delivery! Apple Acquires Workflow App and Developers, Makes Workflow Free Download Here are the Features Apple Cut from Workflow Apple wants to offer movie rentals for movies that are still in theaters TMO Daily Observations Twitter feed Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, iOS, Movies, podcast, rentals, workflow Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Britain's Home Secretary Pushes for Encryption Back Door Jeff Gamet | March 27, 2017 Apple, Why Don't You Want Folks Sending Secure Emails on iOS? Jeff Butts | March 23, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $143.80 +2.92 (2.07%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store 13773 Jeff Gamet tmo-daily-observations 0 1490276473 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Login All Reviews Editorials News Samsung Plans to Refurbish and Sell the Recalled Note 7 watchOS 3.2 Adds Theater Mode, SiriKit Password Protection Comes To Pages, Numbers, Keynotes on iOS, Mac, iCloud Tips macOS: Creating an App-Specific Password for iCloud Pages for macOS: Always Start New Documents With Specific Template Podcasts Apple's New APFS File System, Developers Respond to App Store Reviews - TMO Daily Observations 2017-03-28 TMO Background Mode Interview with Microsoft Chief Creative Architect Ben Rudolph View All Results → HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick View All Reviews → Apple, Why Don't You Want Folks Sending Secure Emails on iOS? Reminders and Why Siri Rocks 'Em iPhone SE 2017 Another Example of Apple Doing Less and Less with More and More Why the iPad mini is On Its Deathbed PSA: Don't Charge Your iPhones in the Bath View All Editorials → Apple, Why Don’t You Want Folks Sending Secure Emails on iOS? Jeff Butts @clefmeister Mar 23rd, 2017 5:24 PM EDT | Editorial The basic premise behind most Apple products is that “it just works.” That slogan has been synonymous with all things Apple for years. Steve Jobs used the phrase over and over when he’d unveil new products at Apple keynotes. Apple fans still use the phrase when trying to convince Android-lovers that iOS is better. So, why in the name of all that is holy is it so difficult to set up S/MIME email encryption in iOS Mail? Doesn’t Apple want us sending secure emails? We shouldn’t have to feel like we’re using one of these to secure emails (Image Credit: Wikimedia) Secure Email in macOS Mail Just Works It’s not as if Cupertino doesn’t know how to make S/MIME-secured email work easily and seamlessly. On macOS Mail, a simple setup procedure gets things going in fairly short order. Honestly, waiting for your Certificate Authority to send your credentials is the longest part of configuring secure email in macOS Mail. Once it’s done on macOS Mail, it’s done. Your Keychain should automagically add a sender’s public key when you receive a digitally-signed email. It doesn’t take any effort or action on your part. Once you’ve exchanged keys, encrypting future emails is a simple as clicking the lock to secure the message. It just works. On iOS, It Ain’t So Simple On an iPhone or iPad, it isn’t nearly as easy to send secure emails. It can be done, but it takes a very complex and convoluted step-by-step process that sometimes involves deleting profiles and rebooting your iOS device. As one reader rightly pointed out, “this highlights what is wrong with the system: could I get my father to follow along in order to send private messages in email?” No, No You Couldn’t The short answer is no, you probably couldn’t get your father to follow along with that walkthrough. Quite honestly, that’s why there are so many apps and services available for iOS to send secure emails. That’s all well and good, but I have a fundamental problem with the vast majority of those third-party apps and services: they don’t work with my existing email accounts unless I want to pony up some cash. Make Secure Emails Just Work on the iPhone, Apple That’s all I’m asking for out of iOS 11, to be honest. Or any future point release updating the mobile operating system. Make encrypted email just work like almost everything else does in the Apple ecosystem. My iOS Keychain should automatically import digital signatures. I shouldn’t have to email certificates to myself to set up my own digital signatures. Rather, iOS Keychain should already have them. They should be automatically available from any of my iOS devices after I’ve set it up on my Mac. I shouldn’t have to delete profiles and reboot my iPhone, just to add those certificates back again. S/MIME email encryption should follow the mantra it just works. For that matter, shouldn’t iCloud automatically send my email accounts from my Mac to my iOS devices? That’s a possibility with third-party email clients for macOS and iOS, but that’s a subject for another rant entirely. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: iOS, iOS Mail, It Just Works, macOS, macOS Mail, S/MIME 5 Comments Add a comment geppo74 March 23, 2017 I agree. I’ve recently done a clean install on both of my iOS devices, and going through the steps to setup again the S/MIME for three email accounts was painful. There also another thing which should be fixed in iOS mail app regarding S/MIME certificates. If you setup a email account with multiple aliases for sending emails, then the S/MIME process gets screwed up and doesn’t work at all. March 23, 2017 at 8:39 EDT PM FossaTeam March 24, 2017 Expected no issues to configure S/MIME for free Fossa X.509 certificates either on Mac https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fyc5YW3BS0Y or iOS https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=beQM4nLWGxs&t=49s. BTW FossaGuard extension for Gmail is aware of its CA and certificate enrollment as easy as possible without additional registration and without any compromise on security. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1m7akVb0cAc&t=20s March 24, 2017 at 1:30 EDT AM khurt March 24, 2017 Your’re doing it wrong. I wrote this in 2011 but it still works. https://islandinthenet.com/ios-5-secure-mail/ March 24, 2017 at 7:36 EDT AM Jeff Butts March 24, 2017 @khurt: Your workaround just reinforces my point. Such a Mac utility shouldn’t be necessary for setting up encrypted email on an iPhone. The average user wouldn’t know to do that. Encryption should just work, but it doesn’t. March 24, 2017 at 2:12 EDT PM WiTopia March 24, 2017 Hi Jeff. Give us a little more time and I think you’ll be very happy. Our SecureMyEmail, https://www.securemyemail.com should be ready on iOS by end of April we think. We have Android and Thunderbird ready now. Our own Mac/PC clients and an Apple Mail plugin is in the works as well. Works with any email address. Security is PGP, but it’s actually easy! 🙂 March 24, 2017 at 2:28 EDT PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Britain's Home Secretary Pushes for Encryption Back Door Jeff Gamet | March 27, 2017 Apple, Why Don't You Want Folks Sending Secure Emails on iOS? Jeff Butts | March 23, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $143.80 +2.92 (2.07%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Samsung Plans to Refurbish and Sell the Recalled Note 7 watchOS 3.2 Adds Theater Mode, SiriKit Password Protection Comes To Pages, Numbers, Keynotes on iOS, Mac, iCloud Apple TV Remote Update Adds iPad Support, More Apple Releases macOS 10.12.4 with Night Shift, Cricket Scores, Enterprise Features Recent Tips See All » macOS: Creating an App-Specific Password for iCloud Pages for macOS: Always Start New Documents With Specific Template macOS: Accented Letters Are Surprisingly Easy to Type Get Free Bitcoins from 12 Faucets That (Still) Pay Customizing the Services Menu Helps You Optimize macOS Recent Editorials See All » Apple, Why Don't You Want Folks Sending Secure Emails on iOS? Reminders and Why Siri Rocks 'Em iPhone SE 2017 Another Example of Apple Doing Less and Less with More and More Why the iPad mini is On Its Deathbed PSA: Don't Charge Your iPhones in the Bath 13775 Jeff Butts editorial 5 1490289844 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Leaked iCloud credentials obtained from third parties, Apple says Leaked iCloud credentials obtained from third parties, Apple says Apple is confident its iCloud and Apple ID services haven't been compromised Lucian Constantin (IDG News Service) 24 March, 2017 07:52 - - - - print email Comments A group of hackers threatening to wipe data from Apple devices attached to millions of iCloud accounts didn't obtain whatever log-in credentials they have through a breach of the company's services, Apple said. "There have not been any breaches in any of Apple's systems including iCloud and Apple ID," an Apple representative said in an emailed statement. "The alleged list of email addresses and passwords appears to have been obtained from previously compromised third-party services." A group calling itself the Turkish Crime Family claims to have login credentials for more than 750 million icloud.com, me.com and mac.com email addresses, and the group says more than 250 million of those credentials provide access to iCloud accounts that don't have two-factor authentication turned on. The hackers want Apple to pay $700,000 -- $100,000 per group member -- or "$1 million worth in iTunes vouchers." Otherwise, they threaten to start wiping data from iCloud accounts and devices linked to them on April 7. In a message published on Pastebin Thursday, the group said it also asked for other things from Apple, but they don't want to make public. "We're actively monitoring to prevent unauthorized access to user accounts and are working with law enforcement to identify the criminals involved," the Apple representative said. "To protect against these type of attacks, we recommend that users always use strong passwords, not use those same passwords across sites and turn on two-factor authentication." The hacker group confirmed there has been no breach of Apple services and hinted the leaked credentials were obtained through compromises on third-party websites. To some extent, that would be possible because many users reuse their passwords across multiple websites and because most websites ask users to log in with their email addresses. However, the unusually high numbers advanced by the group are hard to believe. It's also hard to keep up with the group's claims, as at various times over the past few days, it has released conflicting or incomplete information that it has later revised or clarified. The group claims that it started out with a database of more than 500 million credentials that it has put together over the past few years by extracting the icloud.com, me.com and mac.com accounts from stolen databases its members have sold on the black market. The hackers also claim that since they've made their ransom request public a few days ago, others have joined in their effort and shared even more credentials with them, putting the number at more than 750 million. The group claims to be using 1 million high-quality proxy servers to verify how many of the credentials give them access to unprotected iCloud accounts. Apple provides two-factor authentication for iCloud, and accounts with the option turned on are protected even if their password is compromised. The latest number of accessible iCloud accounts advanced by the Turkish Crime Family is 250 million. That's an impressive ratio of one in every three tested accounts. Moreover, if 750 million iCloud passwords are truly the result of password reuse on other websites, the other databases must have had billions of accounts combined or the password reuse ratio must have been unusually high. The largest ever data breach was from Yahoo with a reported 1 billion accounts. "I think the whole thing is a beat-up," security expert Troy Hunt, creator of the HaveIBeenPwned.com website, said by email. "At best theyâve got some reused credentials, but I wouldnât be surprised if itâs almost entirely a hoax." Hunt hasn't seen the actual data that the Turkish Crime Family claims to have, and there isn't much evidence aside from a YouTube video showing a few dozen email addresses and plain text passwords. However, he has significant experience with validating data breaches and has seen many bogus hacker claims over the years. To be on the safe side, users should follow Apple's advice and create a strong password for their account and turn on two-factor authentication or two-step verification at the very least. ​CIO Executive Council member profile: Emmanuel Steve Dulvin More from CIO Executive Council Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AppleYahoo Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Cloud Migration: The Comprehensive Checklist to Success Accelerating digital business in the 4th industrial revolution Mastering the science of IT spend Read more Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Vulnerability Management Buyer’s Guide CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies PCI: It’s Not Just for Card Companies Anymore Latest Jobs Security Support Analyst NSW New Business Lead - Professional Services (Pre-Sales) NSW Application Team Lead - ERP & Microsoft Technologies NSW Deployment Manager | Contract VIC Manager Portfolio Planning QLD ICT Project Manager NSW Head of Architecture, Global Financial Institution NSW Project Coordinator/Administrator NSW Delivery Executive SA Data Analyst Lead SA Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Sinodinos: Australia ready for tech related job losses API push paying off for Australian businesses ​Embedding ethical risk culture in organisations CSO Online 10 things you may not know about Google In pictures: CMO/CIO/ADMA Executive Connections breakfast in Sydney New era, new buzzphrase: We're headed for 'Digital Cohesion' CSO 9 biggest information security threats through 2019 LastPass is scrambling to fix another serious vulnerability Malware infection rate of smartphones is soaring – Android devices often the target Study finds devices are not wiped properly The week in security: Apple extortion attempt; can Blockchain protect medical devices? Computerworld Refurbishing Samsung Note7s for resale is a 'disastrous' plan, Gartner analyst says Microsoft winds up work on Windows 10 Creators Update Internet privacy? Who needs that? Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, prepares for Cobol, cloud, mainframes Telstra loses fight against wholesale price cuts ARN AWS partner scores $5.6 million database deal with NSW Govt No copper network price hike for Telstra Ingram Micro unwraps new-look Odin cloud platform for partners Aussie businesses hit with $589,000 in damages over pirated software use Macquarie Telecom vies for investor confidence after Vocus sell-off Techworld Report: Samsung’s flagship smartphones tank just before Galaxy S8 launch Refurbishing Samsung Note7s for resale is a 'disastrous' plan, Gartner analyst says Amazon Connect brings contact centers to the cloud Excel for Windows finally gets real-time collaboration BlueJeans teams with Dolby for teleconference audio clarity CMO Report: Internet advertising to surpass TV this year The 4-point plan needed to address media supply chain chaos Heathrow Airport’s journey towards passenger personalisation ​Coca Cola axes CMO role in global restructure Report: CMO tenure declines again Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Camera Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  How To  |  Tips Tricks  | How to disable or enable Live Photo feature on you Apple device How to disable or enable Live Photo feature on you Apple device With these simple tips and tricks users can now enjoy clicking photographs on their Apple devices without intrusion from the Live Photo feature. By: Vigneshravi Menon Published: Wednesday, March 8, 2017, 14:45 [IST] Apple devices have some of the best camera features if not the best cameras. Moreover, with the launch of every new device the company is also adding more features to their camera.While most of the features are much appreciated, there are a few which are not liked by some users. While a great many users may like the Live Photo feature, there are users who may appreciate the technology but do not quite like using the feature. The Live Photo feature allows the user to capture a photo which comprises of a 1.5-second video, followed by the photo and another 1.5-second video. This feature can be quite intrusive and a pain at times, considering while clicking a photo you might twitch or move and have it captured in a Live photo. Though it may be funny at times it can be quite the nuisance apart from the fact it consumes more space. ALSO SEE: Amazon India is offering flat Rs 10,001 off on Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus While photos being captured with leaves swaying in the breeze may look nice, it can be annoying to have photos of people blinking. While it may feel like you are being photo bombed by the Live Photo feature on your Apple device's camera. This feature which at times can be annoying can easily be fixed by following the simple steps that we have listed out below. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! How to disable Live Photo feature: You can simply switch off the Live Photo feature on your device, this can be done in three different ways. How to disable Live Photo feature before taking a picture: When you are about to capture a photo you can disable the Live Photo feature, by clicking on the Live Photo icon while or before clicking a photo. How to disable Live Photo feature after taking a picture: If it has slipped your mind and you have taken a photo with Live Photo feature, nothing to worry here, you can still disable the feature. All you need to do is go to the particular photo, select the option to edit it and then click on the same Live Photo icon and disable it. How to stop Live Photo feature setting from changing: While the above two methods are setting changes for current usage, and by default enable the Live Photo feature once you close the camera. The Live Photo feature will be enabled and will need to be disabled every time you use the camera. How to disable the Live Photo feature and make it default: If your Apple device is running on iOS 10.2 or higher, then you can disable Live Photo feature and make it your default setting. You will need to go to Settings>Photos&Camera>Preserve Settings and turn off Live Photo. You can now enjoy clicking photographs without the intrusion and photo bombs from Live Photo feature. The Live Photo feature can be turned on or off through this method and be made the default setting until it is changed again by the user. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Apple iPhone 8 Plus 98,999 Specs Competitors Read More About apple | iOS | iPhone | ipad | smartphones | Mobile | how to | tips and tricks | news Other articles published on Mar 8, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... Most firms will upgrade their Windows PCs to Windows 10 in 3-4 years, says survey itel Wish A41, 4G VoLTE smartphone is out: Specs, price, and more WhatsApp text status comes to iOS; co-exists with Snapchat Stories-like feature Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Samsung to offer free gifts with Galaxy S8 in some countries Sony Xperia XZs to be launched on April 4 in India Google Home to be available in UK from April 6th for Rs. 10,500 OPPO F3 Plus is the true example of premium craftsmanship Next round of sale of airwaves should ideally be scheduled in 2018 Apple veteran joining Oculus to lead VR team Truecaller partners with Airtel, ICICI, and Google Duo Moto G5 to be launched in India on April 4 Xiaomi Mi Mix Lite, a budget phone reportedly on the cards Sharp Aquos phone with bezel-less display looks gorgeous Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Gizbot in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Gizbot News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Computer Gadget Finder Other Greynium Sites Oneindia Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Gizbot Daily Updates Get Gizbot Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Camera Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  How To  |  Tips Tricks  | How to access one-hand functionality on the larger iPhone devices How to access one-hand functionality on the larger iPhone devices With this simple tip you can start using this interesting feature on your iPhone, making your experience rather convenient. By: Vigneshravi Menon Published: Friday, March 10, 2017, 18:15 [IST] Apple followed the trend set by other smartphone manufacturers and brought out the iPhones with biggers displays. While bigger the better term has been around for time immemorable, gadgets have always followed a smaller but more powerful concept, in most areas. However, when it comes to smartphones bigger and more powerful is the mantra that's proven to be the key. With Apple making this transition and bringing out new bigger iPhones and being done with conveniently sized ones, it was an end of an era. And with the beginning of a new phase, many users were excited about having iPhones with bigger displays as it offered many new possibilities and better viewability. While on the other hand, some weren't so happy about it including me, this could also be the sole reason why many existing users also didn't upgrade to newer iPhones sooner. As older iPhones provided the convenience with their size. ALSO SEE: How to disable iMessages and go back to SMS on Apple iPhones In any case, if you have a bigger display iPhone then there is a feature which is not very popular among most users and may go unnoticed, but this feature changes things and brings with the convenience of the size of the older iPhones. The feature is very practical and convenient, allowing users to go back to operating their iPhoness with one hand. ALSO SEE: How to disable pop-up notifications on your iPhone This lesser known feature is aptly labeled as Reachability. This interesting feature is currently available on the significantly bigger iPhones, like the iPhone 6, 6Plus, 6S, 6S Plus, 7 and 7Plus variants. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! What does Reachability do: With this feature enabled users can use their iPhones in a way similar to the older, smaller devices and operate the way they did before. So using this feature, iPhone users can enjoy operating the device with just one hand. How to enable Reachability feature: Through four simple steps, the reachability feature can be enabled or disabled, first, go to the Home page. Next, tap on Settings and scroll down to the General icon and tap on it, this will take to a new screen. Once on the new screen, scroll down to Accessibility and tap on it, after that in the new screen scroll down till you find the Reachability icon. You'll find a toggle switch next to the reachability icon and if you tap the toggle switch it will allow you to enable or disable the feature. How to use Reachability: If you have chosen to enable this feature, using it is extremely easy and makes operating the device very convenient. All you need to do is to double-tap on the home button to activate this feature. Make sure you tap the button and not press it, as pressing the Home button will allow you to switch between apps but it does not activate this feature. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Apple iPhone 8 81,600 Specs Competitors Images Gallery   |   13 Photos Apple iPhone 8 Concepts +See All Read More About apple | iOS | iPhone | smartphones | Mobile | how to | tips and tricks | news Other articles published on Mar 10, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... itel Wish A41, 4G VoLTE smartphone is out: Specs, price, and more Telenor launches new plan to attract more users DOT seeks re-verification of mobile subscribers in one year Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Samsung to offer free gifts with Galaxy S8 in some countries Sony Xperia XZs to be launched on April 4 in India Google Home to be available in UK from April 6th for Rs. 10,500 OPPO F3 Plus is the true example of premium craftsmanship Next round of sale of airwaves should ideally be scheduled in 2018 Apple veteran joining Oculus to lead VR team Truecaller partners with Airtel, ICICI, and Google Duo Moto G5 to be launched in India on April 4 Xiaomi Mi Mix Lite, a budget phone reportedly on the cards Sharp Aquos phone with bezel-less display looks gorgeous Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Gizbot in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Gizbot News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Computer Gadget Finder Other Greynium Sites Oneindia Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Gizbot Daily Updates Get Gizbot Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Mar 28, 4:01 PM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple Watch Features: Smartwatch Could Limit Notifications You Get While Driving, Patent Says By Denisse Moreno On 03/23/17 AT 5:17 PM Close Apple has been criticized and hit with lawsuits over doing little to curb distracted drivers, but the company might soon change that with the Apple Watch, a patent discovered by 9to5Mac shows. The patent, filed last September, shows Apple wants the Apple Watch to determine whether the user is driving by using motion detection. If the device knows you’re driving, the Watch will determine what alerts are sent, the number of alerts you can receive and where you receive them. Apple will even consider which alerts are too important to hide when you’re traveling. “Embodiments of the present disclosure may adapt the behavior of the wearable device according to whether the user is controlling a vehicle (e.g., driving a motor vehicle, steering a bicycle, flying an airplane, navigating a boat or ship, etc.),” the patent explained. “For example, the wearable device may reduce the type or quantity of notifications that the user receives while the user is controlling a vehicle.” The patent adds: “In some embodiments, notifications are completely prevented while the user is controlling the vehicle. In other embodiments, high priority notifications such as emergency calls are permitted while low priority notifications such as incoming e-mails are suppressed.” The patent shows the feature could be customized by the user or car manufacturer. It also points to a link with iOS’ CarPlay, which is currently available to select cars. Alerts may go to CarPlay displays rather than having users looking at their Apple Watch, if the company follows through with its ideas. The patent said: “In some embodiments, the wearable device may instead re-route notifications from the device display or speakers to interface elements within the vehicle, such as an in-dash or heads up display or vehicle speakers, rather than preventing notifications from reaching the user.” Lawsuits Against Apple The features included in the patent are a good step for Apple to curb distracted drivers and potential accidents. In January, MLG Automotive Law filed a class action lawsuit in California arguing that since 2008 Apple has had possession of technology that would lock its products when the user is driving but has chosen not to implement it on its devices. In a separate lawsuit, filed in December 2016, a Texas couple sued Apple after they suffered a crash caused by a distracted driver on FaceTime. The accident led to the death of their five-year-old daughter. In the lawsuit, the parents claimed Apple failed to manufacture its iPhone 6 Plus with “safer, alternative ‘lock-out’ technology,” pointing to the 2008 patent. Related Stories Meet Giovanni, The Apple Watch Game Boy Emulator Apple Watch 3 To Feature Glass-Film Touch Display, Shipping Later This Year Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Most Read Business How To Get The New Adidas Originals x Alexander Wang Pieces What you need to know about the two installment releases. Technology Senator Warren Is Working To Make Over The Counter Hearing Aids Available Senator Elizabeth Warren and a bipartisan group of senators have introduced the Over-the-Counter Hearing Aid Act that would make hearing aids more affordable and accessible. World U.S. Munitions Could Not Have Blown Up Mosul Building: Army The top U.S. commander in Iraq said its March 17 airstrike in Mosul could have been a combination of ISIS' improvised explosive devices. National High Intensity Exercise Reverses Aging Process In Older People Alternating between intense and moderate exercise has a beneficial effect on a cellular level. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport Video share: Share on Facebook Facebook Messenger Share on Twitter Twitter Email a friend Mail Search gadgets Wikileaks document dump reveals how CIA has been hacking Apple devices for a decade March 24, 20179:58am Video Image How the CIA can hack into your very own tech devices1:22 WikiLeaks has released over 8,000 CIA documents that expose the intelligence agency of developing new technology to hack and extract information from your tech devices. March 8th 2017 21 days ago /video/video.news.com.au/News/ Wikileaks has dumped more CIA files showing how the spies were able to hack iPhones almost from the time it was launched. Picture: AFP/Saul Loeb Rod ChesterNews Corp Australia Network WIKILEAKS has dumped more stolen CIA documents revealing how the spy agency has been hacking Apple iPhones almost since the day Steve Jobs did his big reveal. The Vault 7 “Dark Matter” release today contains details of various projects involving ways the CIA has hacked the iPhone since at least 2008 and Apple Mac computers even earlier than that. With the first batch of Vault 7 documents revealing the Weeping Angels hack, this new batch proves the ongoing strange connection between the American spy agency and Dr Who. This time it’s the Sonic Screwdriver project, named in honour of the doctor’s good-for-everything device. Wikileaks CIA: 500 million people vulnerable to hackers The CIA’s Sonic Screwdriver has a way of infecting dongles that connect to the Apple Mac, particularly the Apple Thunderbolt-to-Ethernet adaptor. If someone booted up their Mac with one of these compromised dongles connected, it would infect the computer with malware. I truly hope it goes without saying, but if not: I have verified that the new release contains nothing of concern. most things are ancient. https://t.co/0JSSc0UgF0— Will Strafach (@chronic) March 23, 2017 Security researchers, in 2014, identified a similar technique called Thunderstrike. Another tool unveiled in today’s data leaks is NightSkies, which according to the documents the CIA began using in 2008 to hijack “factory fresh iPhones”. Unless consumers are still using an original iPhone and haven’t updated their software since they unboxed it, they are safe from this security flaw. Security researcher Will Strafach today tweeted he had confirmed the hacks detailed in the latest Wikileaks but given “most things are ancient” the latest documents contain “nothing of concern”. It might just be of historical interest but it is still rather alarming how long the CIA has spent working on cracking the security of the iPhone. The Assange Agenda51:41 Assange claims that online surveillance is causing a crisis of democracy and a serious threat to civil rights and, as a result, we need greater control of agencies that spy on us. How real is this and what do the experts say? April 6th 2015 2 years ago /video/video.news.com.au/TV/Documentary/ Jump back to top trending in technology 1712 Cyclone Debbie update: Whitsundays, Hamilton Island battered... 726 Cyclone Debbie: Jenny Clarke desperate to find husband David... 588 Shark in ocean pool at Palm Beach 544 Donald Trump signs executive order to unravel Barack Obama’s... 546 Cyclone Debbie downgraded, expected to bring floods, heavy r... 407 Cyclone Debbie damage: Fears for Great Barrier Reef 175 Samsung Galaxy S8 readies for New York launch 97 Boeing X-37: How this mysterious space plane is starting an ... 107 Mass Effect Andromeda animations’ deep rabbit hole 61 Cyclone Debbie: Generator fumes could be deadly MORE IN Gadgets Samsung facing biggest test ever Facebook takes Snapchat effects to masses Samsung’s Note 7 rises from the ashes New emoji coming to your smartphone FOLLOW US ADVERTISE ABOUT US JOIN Please enter a valid email address Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News Limited Copyright © 2017. All times AEDT (GMT +11). Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Share 6 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-03-28 Tony Moran, Freestyle, Celebrity, DJ, And Music Producer, Discusses His Career Entertainment 2017-03-27 Patrick Stewart To Portray Kellyanne Conway On SNL? Entertainment 2017-03-27 Tim Curry Will Have A Hand In A New Stephen King ‘It’ Project After All Entertainment 2017-03-27 ‘Dance Moms’ Abby Lee Miller Confirms Leaving The Show As ALDC Wins Nationals News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-03-28 Tennessee Family Dies In Personal Plane Crash On Way Home From Walt Disney World Opinion 2017-03-28 Colin Kaepernick Is A Good Man Who Deserves Respect, Not Criticism [Opinion] News 2017-03-28 ‘SNL Weekend Update’ Proves True As Eric Trump Spills The Beans On Donald Trump News 2017-03-28 Watch New York Zoo Giraffe Cam Live And Meet April And Her Soon Coming Calf Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-03-28 WWE News: Triple H Claims Roman Reigns Is Already A Heel Wrestling 2017-03-28 WWE News: Sheamus Injured On ‘WWE Raw,’ Updated ‘WrestleMania 33’ Status Wrestling 2017-03-28 WWE News: Enzo Amore Spends $2600 Sneaker Shopping Before ‘WrestleMania 33’ PPV Wrestling 2017-03-28 WWE News: Major Changes Made To ‘WrestleMania’ Matches, Huge Stipulations Added Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-03-26 Celebrate Air Max Day With Limited Multicolor And Knit Nike Air Max Customs Lifestyle 2017-03-23 Haribo Gummi Bears Moving To Pleasant Prairie, Wisconsin, And Other Candy Facts Lifestyle 2017-03-22 National Goof-Off Day Encourages Slacking Off On March 22 Lifestyle 2017-03-21 Ten Adult Coloring Pictures For People Who Love April The Giraffe Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-03-26 Heart Disease Prevention Secret Discovered In Bolivian Jungle? Health 2017-03-25 5 Ways Your Pet Can Make You Sick Health 2017-03-24 Drinking Wine Before Bed Could Actually Help You Lose Weight Health 2017-03-22 Five Mistakes MyFitnessPal Users Make That Sabotage Weight Loss Goals Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-03-28 Cayde Teases ‘Destiny 2’ Reveal Trailer For Thursday As Only He Can [Video] Gaming 2017-03-28 ‘Destiny’ Weekly Reset For March 28, Age Of Triumph Launch Day Science 2017-03-28 Largest-Ever Dinosaur Footprint Found In ‘Australia’s Jurassic Park’ [Video] Technology 2017-03-28 iOS 10.3 Is Rolling Out Today: Six Significant Improvements Users Can Expect BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-03-28 White Girls Told Not To Wear Hoop Earrings Because They Are Sign Of Oppression BuzzWorthy 2017-03-28 Is Asking Melania And Barron Trump To Move Or Pay Up Un-American? [Opinion] BuzzWorthy 2017-03-28 Video Of TSA Pat-Down Search Of Special Needs Child Goes Viral, Mother Furious BuzzWorthy 2017-03-28 Animal Adventure Park Update: April’s Udder Filling As Birth Of Calf Looms Close SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Apple iCloud Hackers Demand Ransom For Hacked Accounts: How To Protect Yours Technology 6 0 0 March 23, 2017 Apple iCloud Hackers Demand Ransom For Hacked Accounts: How To Protect Yours Cal Jeffrey A hacker group calling themselves the Turkish Crime Family is demanding that Apple hand over a ransom or they will start wiping iCloud accounts that they claim to have compromised. The news broke Tuesday when Motherboard reported that it had been contacted by one of the hackers and had been shown pictures of email correspondence between the hackers and Apple security personnel. However, Business Insider reported today that a reliable source who knows Apple’s security operations claims the “email is fake.” According to Business Insider, the ransom was set at “$75,000 in cryptocurrency like bitcoin or $100,000 in Apple gift cards.” However, NBC reports that the group has been in contact with NBC Bay Area and is now demanding Apple pay them $700,000. NBC could not confirm the identity of the individual or whether his claims of being with the group were true. 200 Million iCloud accounts will be factory reset on April 7 2017 — Turkish Crime Family (@turkcrimefamily) March 21, 2017 If Apple does not figure out a way to stop us they'll be facing serious server issues and customer complaints — Turkish Crime Family (@turkcrimefamily) March 23, 2017 The hackers claim to have gained access to Apple IDs and passwords of over 200 million iCloud subscribers in some reports, but the group has contacted several media outlets with figures ranging from 200-750 million in account credentials. Apple’s iCloud was not hacked directly, but rather the credentials were “culled” through breaches in other third-party services. The hackers say Apple has until April 7 to comply with their demands or else they will wipe the data from all the accounts. 'Turkish Crime Family' Demands $75000 in Bitcoin from Apple in Exchange for Hacked iPhone … … pic.twitter.com/ESei8KV5ef — BTC Breaking News (@btcbreakingnews) March 22, 2017 It is possible that the whole thing is a hoax. Business Insider surmised that there are several “reasons to doubt the hackers’ claims, such as their thirst for publicity and their fluid story.” A few factors point to the extortion attempt being a hoax. First, conflicting reports on the ransom amounts are all over the place. Motherboard says the hackers want $75,000 in untraceable bitcoin or $100,000 in iTunes gift cards, which would be trackable. The NBC report says they want $700,000 in cash, which is also potentially traceable. Likewise, the number of compromised accounts is not consistent either. Business Insider states that several news agencies were contacted, with the group telling them they had 200, 250, 519, or up to 750 million Apple IDs and passwords. A unified team of hackers would know exactly how many accounts it has access to and would certainly agree on a single set of demands. The third issue that puts the whole thing in doubt is the group’s public announcement of a deadline. Contacting media outlets and setting a time limit is supposed to place pressure on Apple to comply. However, publicizing the deadline only serves to warn the users whose accounts may be in danger effectively nullifying any bite that the hackers might have had on Apple. Users knowing that they have until April 7 before their account will be in danger have plenty of time to sign into their accounts and change their passwords. The only way for the hackers to prevent this is to have already gone through all of the accounts and changed the passwords to lock out the owners. As of today, there have been no reports of this occurring. Hackers intent on getting money from Apple would not cripple themselves in this way. ⚡️" #Apple says it has not been hacked " ❗️#Hackers #Security #iOS #iCloud @Apple ⏩https://t.co/VUhjTjbaj2 @FortuneMagazine @FastCompany pic.twitter.com/f5tnXcTtZc — Fintech Trading Tech (@BourseetTrading) March 23, 2017 Apple seems to agree with BI Business Insider. “Apple is unsure if the group’s claims are true, but people at the company say they doubt they are.” Despite this, Apple is taking the iCloud hacking threat seriously. According to NBC, Apple issued a statement Wednesday regarding the matter. “There have not been any breaches in any of Apple’s systems including iCloud and Apple ID. The alleged list of email addresses and passwords appears to have been obtained from previously compromised third-party services. We’re actively monitoring to prevent unauthorized access to user accounts and are working with law enforcement to identify the criminals involved. To protect against these type of attacks, we always recommend that users always use strong passwords, not use those same passwords across sites and turn on two-factor authentication.” Even if the hackers are serious and do have account credentials, there is no need to panic. As Apple stated, strong passwords and two-factor authentication are good at preventing data theft. Here is what iCloud subscribers should do in light of this news. First, try to sign in to iCloud. If you cannot log in, your account may be compromised, and you should contact Apple immediately. Once you are in your iCloud account, change your password clicking the “Manage” link under Apple ID. A new web page will open where you will need to sign in again and then you can change your password. Hackers say will reset 200 Million iCloud accounts https://t.co/RbBZcpSego#icloud #unlock #apple #hacked #iphone #ipad #macbook #bypass pic.twitter.com/wk96d5jrSy — myicloud.info (@IdeviceTool) March 23, 2017 Make your password secure by using upper and lowercase letters as well as numbers and special characters. The area where you change your password has a meter that will tell you how strong your password is as you type it. Try to fill this meter all the way up. The longer it is, the stronger it is. One technique for creating a secure password that you can remember is by altering a short, memorable phrase by changing characters within it. For example, “My son is good at math” could become “Mys0n!5g00d@math.” Note how the spaces were removed, the o’s became zeroes, the word “is” became “!5.” and the word “at” became the @ symbol. The second thing to do is turn on two-factor authentication. You will find this option right below where you change your password. What two-factor authentication does is that anytime the service detects you trying to sign in from an unknown browser, it will ask you to enter a code that it sends to another device like your phone. After entering this code, it may ask you if you want to trust the browser or device you are using to access your account. If you are using your own computer, phone, or tablet, you can select “trust,” and it will not ask to put in the authentication code again. If you are on a public computer or are borrowing a friend’s, you would want to select “don’t trust.” That way the two-factor authentication will be reset on that device keeping your account secure. Those two things should be enough to protect your account, but it is also a good idea to have a backup of your iPhone on your computer. Storing your backups automatically to iCloud is convenient, but if anything were to happen to iCloud or your account, everything including your backups could be lost. It only takes a few minutes to open iTunes and sync your iPhone once in a while, especially after you have made significant changes or added many contacts or photos. The Apple iCloud hackers, the Turkish Crime Family, should be taken seriously until we find out whether they are just a bunch of jokers on April 7. Change those iCloud passwords and secure your accounts. [Featured Image by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Google Apologizes For Offensive Youtube Ad Placements Now Read This: Facebook To Replace Snapchat? Social Media Giant Launces Facebook Stories Share 6 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Cal Jeffrey Tags: Apple, hackers, iCloud, security March 26, 2017 Donald Trump To Prison? W.H. Staff ‘Wiping’ Electronic Devices Amid Russia Probe March 26, 2017 Jinger Duggar Pregnant? Picture Of Possible Baby Bump Sparks Rumors Of Pregnancy Apple 11 hours ago iOS 10.3 Is Rolling Out Today: Six Significant Improvements Users Can Expect 2 days ago Apple Clips: Creating Videos Will Now Be A Cakewalk Comments LATEST HEADLINES ‘Drag Race’ Stars On VH1’s ‘Fierce Fridays’ Wendy Williams: ‘She’s Transphobic!’ Facebook To Replace Snapchat? Social Media Giant Launces Facebook Stories Scheana Marie And Mike Shay Choose Divorce After ‘Vanderpump Rules’ Season 5 Cayde Teases ‘Destiny 2’ Reveal Trailer For Thursday As Only He Can [Video] Johnny Depp In ‘LAbyrinth’ A Film About Tupac Shakur And Biggie Small’s Murders Pope Francis Fights For Social Justice, Inspiring The Religious Left Nicole Kidman ‘Begged’ HBO To Cast Alexander Skarsgard In ‘Big Little Lies’ Tennessee Family Dies In Personal Plane Crash On Way Home From Walt Disney World White Girls Told Not To Wear Hoop Earrings Because They Are Sign Of Oppression WWE News: Triple H Claims Roman Reigns Is Already A Heel Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Stephen King’s ‘It’: Tim Curry To Star In Documentary About The 1990 Miniseries 6k 0 0 Donald Trump Impeachment: Michael Flynn Flipped On Trump, Working With FBI 3.3k 0 0 Nine Beautiful Hallyu Stars Who Could Be The Next Bond Girl 2.7k 0 0 WWE Rumors: Lita Returning To WWE, Could Join SmackDown Women’s Title Match 2k 0 0 Majority Of Americans Want A Bernie Sanders Single-Payer Healthcare System 1.7k 0 0 $15 An Hour Minimum Wage Vetoed By Democratic Baltimore Mayor Catherine Pugh 1.7k 0 0 Recent Videos Start-up Uber President Jeff Jones Quits Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Business Laptops Tablets Phones Hardware Security Privacy Encryption Antivirus Software Gadgets Subscribe Resources PCs Phones Printers Ultrabooks Blogs Viruses Cameras Components Computer Accessories Consumer Advice Displays E-readers Flash Drives Graphics Cards Hard Drives Home Theater Input Devices Keyboards Laptop Accessories Mobile Networking Operating Systems Optical Drives Processors Servers Smartwatches Streaming Services Storage Tablets Windows Privacy Encryption Antivirus Home Security News Leaked iCloud credentials obtained from third parties, Apple says Apple is confident its iCloud and Apple ID services haven't been compromised Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Lucian Constantin Romania Correspondent, IDG News Service | Mar 24, 2017 4:39 AM PT Credit: Agam Shah More like this Hackers threaten to wipe millions of Apple devices, demand ransom Yahoo's billion account breach: 5 things you should do to stay safe Smart teddy bears for kids suffer a contentious data breach Video Why You Lost Your Windows 10 Product Key A group of hackers threatening to wipe data from Apple devices attached to millions of iCloud accounts didn’t obtain whatever log-in credentials they have through a breach of the company’s services, Apple said. “There have not been any breaches in any of Apple’s systems including iCloud and Apple ID,” an Apple representative said in an emailed statement. “The alleged list of email addresses and passwords appears to have been obtained from previously compromised third-party services.” A group calling itself the Turkish Crime Family claims to have login credentials for more than 750 million icloud.com, me.com and mac.com email addresses, and the group says more than 250 million of those credentials provide access to iCloud accounts that don’t have two-factor authentication turned on. [ Further reading: How the new age of antivirus software will protect your PC ] The hackers want Apple to pay $700,000—$100,000 per group member—or “$1 million worth in iTunes vouchers.” Otherwise, they threaten to start wiping data from iCloud accounts and devices linked to them on April 7. In a message published on Pastebin Thursday, the group said it also asked for other things from Apple, but they don’t want to make public. “We’re actively monitoring to prevent unauthorized access to user accounts and are working with law enforcement to identify the criminals involved,” the Apple representative said. “To protect against these type of attacks, we recommend that users always use strong passwords, not use those same passwords across sites and turn on two-factor authentication.” The hacker group confirmed there has been no breach of Apple services and hinted the leaked credentials were obtained through compromises on third-party websites. To some extent, that would be possible because many users reuse their passwords across multiple websites and because most websites ask users to log in with their email addresses. However, the unusually high numbers advanced by the group are hard to believe. It’s also hard to keep up with the group’s claims, as at various times over the past few days, it has released conflicting or incomplete information that it has later revised or clarified. The group claims that it started out with a database of more than 500 million credentials that it has put together over the past few years by extracting the icloud.com, me.com and mac.com accounts from stolen databases its members have sold on the black market. The hackers also claim that since they’ve made their ransom request public a few days ago, others have joined in their effort and shared even more credentials with them, putting the number at more than 750 million. The group claims to be using 1 million high-quality proxy servers to verify how many of the credentials give them access to unprotected iCloud accounts. Apple provides two-factor authentication for iCloud, and accounts with the option turned on are protected even if their password is compromised. The latest number of accessible iCloud accounts advanced by the Turkish Crime Family is 250 million. That’s an impressive ratio of one in every three tested accounts. Moreover, if 750 million iCloud passwords are truly the result of password reuse on other websites, the other databases must have had billions of accounts combined or the password reuse ratio must have been unusually high. The largest ever data breach was from Yahoo with a reported 1 billion accounts. “I think the whole thing is a beat-up,” security expert Troy Hunt, creator of the HaveIBeenPwned.com website, said by email. “At best they’ve got some reused credentials, but I wouldn’t be surprised if it’s almost entirely a hoax.” Hunt hasn’t seen the actual data that the Turkish Crime Family claims to have, and there isn’t much evidence aside from a YouTube video showing a few dozen email addresses and plain text passwords. However, he has significant experience with validating data breaches and has seen many bogus hacker claims over the years. To be on the safe side, users should follow Apple’s advice and create a strong password for their account and turn on two-factor authentication or two-step verification at the very least. To comment on this article and other PCWorld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Security iOS Macs Web Services iCloud Apple Lucian Constantin is an IDG News Service correspondent. He writes about information security, privacy, and data protection. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon PCWorld PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done. About Us Contact Us Digital Edition Customer Service Gift Subscription Ad Choices Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships PCWorld CATEGORIES Business Laptops Mobile PC Hardware Printers Security Software Videos Windows IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG Permissions IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld TechHive Get PCWorld's Digital Editions Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Close Mobile e-Edition Subscriber Services Advertise with Us Contact Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Subscribe 74° Broken Clouds Thegardenisland.com Home Classifieds Calendar Contact Us Legals Subscriber Services Submit News Tip Correction Search Gas Prices E-Edition News Topics Local News Obituaries Police Logs Hawaii Business Government Education Special Sections National News World News News Tip Correction The Latest It’s about saving lives Posted: March 28, 2017 - 2:00 am LIHUE — Officials are hopeful that a recently completed video promoting water safety will save lives. Comments (0) Enterprise gives big Posted: March 28, 2017 - 1:45 am LIHUE — The combined contribution from employees of Enterprise, Alamo and National car rentals to the Kauai United Way annual campaign topped $50,000. Comments (0) Recent Punzal Vision opens in Hokulei Village Exchange students say ‘aloha’ to KCC Kawaikini project teaches conservation, entrepreneurial skills DLNR seeks to increase water security Arrest log for Tuesday, March 28, 2017 Sports Topics KIF Sports Local Sports Univ. of Hawaii Sports wire Surfing Opinion The Latest SKA trio does well at Speedo Posted: March 28, 2017 - 1:00 am Jack Machorek continued his strong performance with Swim Aquatics Kauai at the 2017 Speedo Sectional swim meet in Federal Way, Wash., over the weekend. Comments (0) Recent Fast Company claims Hontz series A time for remembering and healing Raiders win on walk-off Kapaa unbeaten through 4 matches with win at Kauai High Wahine Pipe Pro complete, but bigger things should be in store Opinion In Our Opinion Letters to Editor Submit a Letter Guest Opinion Life Topics Food Happy Camper Births Kauai Made Island history The Latest Jack Hodges Posted: March 26, 2017 - 1:15 am KALAHEO — Jason Caldeira, Kalaheo Neighborhood Center site manager for the county’s Department of Parks and Recreation, said there are a lot of people who come to play pickleball twice a week — sometimes reaching more than 100 people. Comments (1) Prison breaks, gunshots and cook-offs Posted: March 26, 2017 - 12:05 am The must-see South Korean film at HIFF Spring Showcase this year is the opening night film, “The Prison,” on March 31 at 8 p.m. Dole Cannery A. Comments (0) Recent Heart health to the max Births for Sunday, March 26, 2017 Pondering Kauai’s growing tourism dilemma Kauai-born Seiichi Moriwake impressed into the Japanese Army Series shines spotlight on coral — and finds hope Entertainment TGIFr!day Arts and Theatre Dining Music Calendar Check Da Scene Entertainment wire The Latest Annual KSA show boasts work of over 40 artists Posted: March 24, 2017 - 1:15 am From 3D structures to scenic paintings of the Garden Isle, there is something for everyone at the Kauai Society of Artists’ membership show. Comments (0) An evening with Robert Cazimero set for Saturday Posted: March 24, 2017 - 1:05 am LIHUE — You know, when it’s an evening with Robert Cazimero, it’s going to be something very special. Comments (0) Recent ‘Fiery Dragon’ wins in Arizona heat ‘Okinawa: The Afterburn’ coming to Kauai Celebrating Prince Kuhio Ingredients for good (b)read Island Calendar for Friday, Classifieds Service Directory Services Cars Merchandise Classifieds Real Estate Homes for Sale Rentals Real Estate Weekly Jobs Local Jobs Visitors Ocean Safety Calendar Weather E-Edition Search Home Business National and International WikiLeaks: CIA hacked Apple devices in ways users can't fix Story Comments Image (2) Print Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Mark Schiefelbein Apple: Software flaws in latest WikiLeaks docs are all fixed FILE - In this Saturday, June 18, 2016, file photo, customers try out Apple iPhone 6s models on display at an Apple Store in Beijing. New documents from WikiLeaks, posted Thursday, March 23, 2017, point to an apparent CIA program to hack Apple’s iPhones and Mac computers such that the exploits persist even after the devices are reset to factory conditions. Apple says the purported hacking techniques have all been fixed in recent iPhones and Mac computers. (AP Photo/Mark Schiefelbein, File) Kiichiro Sato Apple: Software flaws in latest WikiLeaks docs are all fixed FILE - In this Friday, Sept. 16, 2016, file photo, a customer sets up his new iPhone 7 Plus, right, as he switches from the iPhone 6 at the Apple Store on Michigan Avenue during the release of the Apple iPhone 7 and the latest Apple Watches, in Chicago. New documents from WikiLeaks, posted Thursday, March 23, 2017, point to an apparent CIA program to hack Apple’s iPhones and Mac computers such that the exploits persist even after the devices are reset to factory conditions. Apple says the purported hacking techniques have all been fixed in recent iPhones and Mac computers. (AP Photo/Kiichiro Sato, File) Posted: Thursday, March 23, 2017 10:29 am WikiLeaks: CIA hacked Apple devices in ways users can't fix Associated Press | 0 comments NEW YORK (AP) — New documents from WikiLeaks point to an apparent CIA program to hack Apple's iPhones and Mac computers using techniques that users couldn't disable by resetting their devices. Security experts say the exploits are plausible, but suggest they pose little threat to typical users. They say that many of the tricks are older — the iPhone hack involves the 3G model from 2008, for instance. The techniques also typically require physical access to devices, something the CIA would use only for targeted individuals, not a broader population. "The most notable part of this latest WikiLeaks release is that it shows the CIA doing exactly what we pay them to — exploit specific targets with limited attacks to support our national interests," said Rich Mogull, CEO of the security research firm Securosis. Apple didn't respond to a request for comment. The CIA has not commented on the authenticity of this and earlier WikiLeaks revelations, but has previously said it complies with a legal prohibition against electronic surveillance "targeting individuals here at home, including our fellow Americans." The agency declined further comment Thursday. DOCUMENT DUMP The leaks Thursday come about two weeks after WikiLeaks published thousands of alleged CIA documents describing hacking tools it said the government employed to break into computers, mobile phones and even smart TVs from companies like Apple, Google, Microsoft and Samsung. The latest disclosures are much more focused and consist of just 12 documents, all involving Apple products. The documents describe techniques for rewriting devices' firmware in ways that would maintain a hacker's access even if a user resets a phone or computer to factory settings. Doing so wipes out all apps and the operating system and installs a clean version; it is an extreme measure sometimes used to deal with technical problems, but is also the sort of step that someone suspicious of surveillance might take when getting a brand new phone. A December 2008 document describes "NightSkies," a tool apparently designed to target the iPhone 3G; the document claims it can retrieve files such as contact lists and call logs and execute other commands. WikiLeaks suggested in a press release that the "CIA has been infecting the iPhone supply chain of its targets since at least 2008." However, the document describes only how to install the malware on a "factory fresh" version of the 3G — specifically, the iPhone 3G running the 2.1 version of Apple's operating system, both of which are now nine years old. CAVEATS GALORE But infecting all phones somewhere in the manufacturing process would be extremely difficult, said Mogull, especially given multiple layers of inspections conducted by Apple and its contractors. At most, he said, the CIA might have shipped a rogue phone individually to a target. And while it's possible that the CIA developed similar techniques for later iPhone models, Mogull said iPhones from the past few years have much greater security, including digital security certificates that cannot be overwritten. A flag would be raised during the setup process if certificates do not match. Johannes Ullrich, director of the Internet Storm Center at the SANS Institute, said NightSkies might not even be a current project given that the document was last updated in 2008, while the leaks appear to have come in 2016. Other documents released describe similar exploits for Mac computers. One hides in the firmware of Apple's Thunderbolt-to-Ethernet adapter and requires someone to plug in that adapter to install the malware. Another targets a specific Mac model, the MacBook Air with the Leopard version of the Mac OS system — current at the time, but now seven generations old. Ullrich said the Mac exploits all appear old. He added that some of the Thunderbolt issues have been fixed to make the hack more difficult to pull off. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business ARTICLE: Maryland lawmakers vote to ban drilling known as fracking HTML: Dakota Access Pipeline ARTICLE: Company: Oil in pipeline under Missouri River reservoir ARTICLE: Suit alleging Home Depot negligence in killing revived Royals outfielder Soler hurts oblique, will miss opener More about General News Severe storms in forecast for US much of this week Severe storms in forecast for US much of this week HTML: Tornado Fatalities since 1996 HTML: Tornado Damage since 1996 HTML: Tornado Events Reported since 1996 More about Government And Politics ARTICLE: The Latest: Hutchinson reviewing inmates' clemency bids ARTICLE: Maryland lawmakers vote to ban drilling known as fracking HTML: Dakota Access Pipeline ARTICLE: Company: Oil in pipeline under Missouri River reservoir ARTICLE: Suit alleging Home Depot negligence in killing revived Discuss Print   Posted in National and International, National on Thursday, March 23, 2017 10:29 am. | Tags: Business, General News, Government And Politics, Technology, Consumer Electronics Manufacturing, Consumer Product Manufacturing, Consumer Products And Services, Smartphones, Mobile Phones, Consumer Electronics, Hacking, Technology Issues, Computer Hardware Manufacturing, Information Technology Rules of Conduct 1 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. 2 Don't Threaten or Abuse. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. AND PLEASE TURN OFF CAPS LOCK. 3 Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. 4 Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. 5 Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. 6 Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Welcome to the discussion. Log In Current users sign in here. Register Print comments Most Popular Articles Most Commented Stocks Stories KPD asking for help with finding runaway Darren Galas charged in 2006 death of his wife Obituaries for Wednesday, March 22, 2017 Jeff Stone plans 80-unit luxury hotel; limits may be lifted on Hanalei water sports activities Heart health to the max All Trump supporters call for Hawaii boycott after travel-ban block (70) Pesticide bill will be put to a vote (29) Pesticide disclosure bill nixed (21) 80-unit luxury hotel planned; boating limits may be lifted (20) Meeting attendees want Keahua bridge dismantled (15) Follow us on Facebook Promos Island Calendar for Friday, Events for March 24-30, 2017 article events-calendar pause Online poll What do you think of developer Jeff Stone’s proposed Princeville Lodge where the old Hanalei Plantation Hotel was on the North Shore? Total Votes: 1426 Wonderful project. 1038 73% Terrible idea. 281 20% Need hear more about the details before I can say. 107 8% Loading… Services Advertise with Us Contact Us About Us Subscriber Services Events Calendar Sections News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Obituaries © Copyright 2015, Thegardenisland.com, 3137 Kuhio Hwy. Lihue, HI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Business Apple reportedly to start manufacturing iPhones in India New, 52 comments Possibly as soon as the next two months by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Mar 23, 2017, 4:21pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Photo by Amelia Holowaty Krales / The Verge Apple will begin to manufacture iPhones in India in the next two months, according to a new report from The Wall Street Journal. The manufacturing duties will fall to Wistron Corp which will reportedly start manufacturing iPhone 6 and 6S models in the next four to six weeks, and iPhone SE devices in around three months. Neither Apple nor Wistron responded to the WSJ’s requests for comment about details on either company’s specific plans for expansion in India. Adding manufacturing plants in India could help lower the cost of Apple’s popular smartphone in the country, which the WSJ notes has less than a 5 percent share of the market right now. But while it seems that Apple is willing to expand operations to India, there’s still no indication that the company will be enacting a similar expansion to the US anytime soon, despite both rumors that the company was considering such a move, and the repeated comments from Donald Trump throughout his presidential campaign suggestion that Apple bring its manufacturing to the States. Next Up In Circuit Breaker Harvest your pet’s fur and wear it as a watch band Samsung is building 4K LED movie theater screens V-Moda’s updated Crossfade 2 Wireless headphones offer minor but welcome improvements HTC’s next flagship smartphone will reportedly feature customizable sensors in the metal band Google Home is getting a bunch of new smart home integrations Vizio’s 2017 D-Series TV lineup is 4K on a budget Now Trending Elon Musk launches Neuralink, a venture to merge the human brain with AI Rockets, cars, and now brain chips The Galaxy S8 will be Samsung's biggest test ever Everything to prove, everything to lose Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 3. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest Hackers promised an iCloud apocalypse — but probably can't deliver by Russell Brandom 1 comment / new Harvest your pet’s fur and wear it as a watch band by Ashley Carman 1 comment / new Trump trades the planet for a few coal jobs in a doomed industry by Alessandra Potenza 31 comments / new The real story behind Stories is advertising by Nilay Patel 5 comments / new With S-Town, the makers of Serial test the waters of binge-listening by Andrew Liptak Excel for Windows now supports real-time multi-author editing by Natt Garun 8 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
BellaNaija Inspired! Home News Features Events Music Movies & TV Style Beauty Weddings Career Relationships Living Inspired! Ugonna Nwaeze: Dear Entrepreneur, Can Your Business Survive Your Absence? 24.02.2017 at 1:00 am By Ugonna Nwaeze 13 Comments I never thought about this question while I was present at my online grocery store Nkataa.com, but since my absence I have realised its importance. Had I not been lucky enough to tailor my business to run without me, I would have some serious problems right now. No one ever plans to be absent when there’s a lot of money to be made and a lot of business to be done, but sometimes life has a way of forcing us to be absent at some critical points in the lifespan of our businesses. I have seen that we are just as addicted to Apple products after the passing of Steve Jobs as we have ever been. Despite the high foreign currency exchange rate in our country, many of us already have the iPhone 7 and are eagerly anticipating the next Apple product to hit the market. Nigeria remains among the highest purchasers of luxury goods and electronics regardless of the incessant ranting on social media about the Federal Government, the recession and the rising cost of FOREX. This has caused me to think a bit deeply. Are there ways that businesses can be set up to outlive and outperform their founders? I am interested in this subject because I believe that even when I am present, a successful business is one that allows me to spend more time doing leisurely activities and spending time with loved ones. As a CEO, regardless of my presence at work, my business occupies my mind 24/7. I always think about salaries, staff welfare, how to break even, profitability, etc. In fact there’s always something business-related on my mind. I believe that these issues would be better attended to if they were the only issues on my mind. Sometimes, one needs to be absent from the running of business in order to focus on these issues. I would also like some time off to play, after work and on weekends. Furthermore, I need to reflect on what I’ve done so far and how I can keep improving. This is better achieved when I can step back from the day-to-day operations of my business. I certainly would not like to continue this cycle of overworking myself, until I am unavoidably absent again; something needs to change. The basic requirement for business survival for start-ups is having a team. I have come to see a lot of start-ups with brilliant ideas impeding growth because they have refused to set up a team. They run their businesses so intelligently when they are available, but whenever they are away it is a different story. The business and customers wait impatiently while they flood their customers’ social media timelines with fun pictures of their holidays or family functions. Followed by an apology post when they return saying “Sorry I wasn’t able to respond to you guys, Nigeria was driving me crazy and I had to run away, but I’m back now. Yaay!” Let me quickly make it clear that there is absolutely nothing wrong with running your business like this. Maybe sometimes it is better to enjoy your holiday without getting calls from customers that their food has still not come. However, if you want your business to out-live/out-perform you as a founder, and operate in your absence, then you need to get a team. There are a million ways things can be done and there are also a million excuses why things cannot be done. I would normally encourage young CEOs like myself to invest in a team. A lot of people would always say to me, “I love your team, give me Bose, she’s pretty and intelligent. It is not easy to find smart people in Nigeria. There is a serious gap in Nigeria for “good hands.” It is not easy to find people who understand your vision. “Nigerians? They will just run down your business…” I can keep going on but I think you get my point. Bose was always a pretty girl but she has not always been an intelligent girl. In fact we used to call her an olodo. I worried that I had made a mistake in hiring her and we decided to just ‘dump her in customer care to talk to customers jarey.’ That was a BIG MISTAKE! We had customers and friends calling me and saying, “Get that girl off the phone.” However, today Bose is known as valuable and intelligent and people are wondering, “where did you find her?” What happened to Bose? How has she in a short space of time been able to transform from being an ‘olodo’ to being an asset? I have seen this ‘Bose-like transformation’ happen to quite a few members of my team. It has been a roller coaster with different personalities out there. It has taken a great deal of investment. How did it happen? It took patience, capacity building, team-building exercises, and a lot more. In fact, I have lost some members of my team that I love so dearly because they refused my investments. Like I said earlier there are a million ways things can be done and there are also a million excuses why things cannot be done. One thing you must get done is to “get good hands.” You must build the capacity you need. This does not come through firing everyone who doesn’t meet your standards; it comes through building up the individuals you have to become the team you want. Which leads us to the next point: The second requirement for your business to survive your absence is having a team that you have invested in. My team is my brand and I will deploy the same level of effort and finances I use to build my brand, to build my team. I will conclude this article with saying that usually the ones who we feel are the good hands are often beyond the reach of start-ups in terms of being able to afford them – unless your dad gave you a “small loan” of a million dollars like President elect Donald Trump. However, this is not a problem because the people you have invested in will manage your start-up better than ready-made people you have employed. I am looking forward to the next article because I will focus on writing about setting up the right team and how you can invest in them. In the coming weeks, I will also cover other impediments start-ups face with setting up a team. Until next time, happy building! About Ugonna Nwaeze Ugonna Nwaeze, or ‘Mr. Nkataa’ as he is more popularly known, is the CEO of Abuja’s favourite online grocery store, Nkataa.com. He is an engineer by profession, with a first degree in Engineering from Loughborough University and a Masters in Business Administration. Ugonna is an entrepreneur by heart who has built Nkataa from a concept to an online dependable solution. Nkataa provides food (fresh and cooked), groceries and household items at customers’ doorsteps within 2 hours of order placement. Ugonna believes that “invention is the mother of all necessity,” and these challenging times are grounds for further invention and expansion for entrepreneurs. He has other interesting businesses in the pipeline, which he is currently developing. Ugonna also provides tips and advice for upcoming entrepreneurs based on his business background and experiences as an entrepreneur. love this + Comment  13 Tagged With: lessons for entrepreneurs, Nkataa, Ñkataa.com, Small Business, Ugo NwaezeFiled Under: Career, Features Related Posts Papa Olabode: Why Do the Good ... Papa Olabode: Say No to New ... Webcoupers: Digital Marketing ... African Entrepreneur With Feyi ... « Janelle Monae is Stunning in an Antonio Marras Dress for a Los Angeles Confidential Magazine Event Sexual Rollercoaster? Read this BellaNaijarian’s Honest Recount of Her Failed Relationship with a Guy Who Won’t Commit » 13 Comments on Ugonna Nwaeze: Dear Entrepreneur, Can Your Business Survive Your Absence? cHIKITO February 24, 2017 at 1:29 am This was refreshing Love this! 16 Reply anonymous today February 24, 2017 at 4:18 am Ahh Mr Nkaata, I run a service based company and I set it up from the outset hoping that 1. It would run independent of me and 2. that it would outlive me and be a generational business so help me God. When planning it, I said to myself, after 5 years, I would step back and see if the business can continue without my physical presence for 2 months but God had other plans. After 2.5 years, “due to circumstance beyond my control” I have had to be away for almost 6 months now and mehn, MY SERVICE BASED BUSINESS IS STILL GOING ON! One thing that has worked for me was communicating the vision with my staff, understanding their individual motivations and showing them how the success of the business invariably achieves their own goals. I am grateful to God that for the inspiration to set it up that way at the outset. Grateful to him for sending staff who despite our differences, have the same same vision and thankful for the small effort of mine that is yielding fruit. I hope one day there would be many generational business in Nigeria which would tell their own success stories too. God bless the SME’s in Nigeria. We shall not just survive but thrive! Love this! 25 Reply wellness February 24, 2017 at 5:59 pm Thanks for posting. Setting up a team/ partnership is one of my greatest fears /stresses about starting up a business. This has been helpful. Love this! 10 Reply olanna&odenigbo February 25, 2017 at 12:14 am I am eagerly waiting for the next article…. struggled with this for long, gone through many people, but hopefully now making progress….I pray we keep growing. The few times I had to travel, even with a not-so-stable team, I have always organised for work and monitoring to continue in my absence, and it does…I must confess it’s a bit stressful to follow up on work and multiple explanations when my brain is on vacation. After a hectic year last year, I pretty much let go of my entire former team (each one at a different time and for different reasons) and reassembling another started again this year, with clearer intentions of what I required from the people I hire, and I noticed my more recent trip was better than my previous ones, my new assistant was more efficient handling things and communicating between other staff and myself… I on my part, was also more patient with communication cos I realised I couldn’t expect them to just know everything at once… So I am learning patience and hoping to keep building a better structure as we progress. I have learned I also don’t need to die with -the devil I know’ ….Let them go if they no longer serve the mission and/or refuse to be aligned. I offered a staff free training that I usually charge upwards of 200k for, and she was a no-show…not even phone call to cancel or reschedule. this is someone who was already slowing us all down and refusing to do something about a fixable problem…and she had the nerve to roll into work on Monday by 11am… how do we deal with such people biko… I’m learning o…different days with different lessons. Love this! 12 Reply Anon March 19, 2017 at 5:05 pm And Mr nkataa is gone. Like a meteorite. Sad 😔 Love this! 6 Reply Mila February 26, 2017 at 11:54 am Loved it. Thank you. Love this! 5 Reply Anonymous March 19, 2017 at 12:21 pm Reading this. So many thots going thru my mind. This was barely a month ago and now u r gone. Did u know u were leaving earth forever?? Sad news on a sunday morning. Rest well Love this! 8 Reply Chiomah March 19, 2017 at 2:52 pm Mr Nkaata this is a big loss! Mourning the loss of a great entrepreneur. By Gods grace your business will outlive you. Rest in peace. Love this! 11 Reply ify March 19, 2017 at 9:10 pm rest in peace Love this! 3 Reply Nadine March 19, 2017 at 9:46 pm Found this article when I heard of his death. He was such a promising young man I know would’ve changed so many things in this country. He was already changing the country #RIPUgonna #RIPMrNkataa 🙁 Love this! 7 Reply Maims March 20, 2017 at 8:35 pm A brilliant and inspiring piece from a promising young man who has left us too soon 😢 Rest well Mr Nkataa #angelugonna Love this! 3 Reply Shade March 21, 2017 at 8:19 pm Had to revisit this article after the news of your death. Rest in peace😇 Love this! 3 Reply Abiodun March 23, 2017 at 9:31 pm Ugonna, I knew about you after Kunbi’s demise. I somewhat afterwards developed some sort of interest in all of Adekunbi’s friends and family. I knew you were doing well in Abuja and was glad. Then, I heard about your departure from this world. In Yoruba language, I would say ”Oye Olorun”. May the good Lord be with your family. The follow-up writings that you planned to write will never be posted on Bella Naija…. Rest in the Lord’s bossom! Love this! 2 Reply Post a comment Name Email Website Cancel reply Recently Senate Paid N62.5m for Bulletproof Range Rover – Spokesperson Uloma Ezirim: What Will be Will Be Media Personality Sharon Ojong talks the Business of Fashion, Building a Brand & More on “The SO Series” | Get the Scoop Must Watch Trailer! Rita Dominic & Chidi Mokeme Star in New Drama “Mr and Mrs Chapter 2” Drake Postpones His Amsterdam Concert Following Doctor’s Orders Find The Best For Your Home Now! Buy and Sell your New or Used Luxury Fashion items Subscribe to BN via Email! Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Recent Comments Thatnaijagirl on Senate Paid N62.5m for Bulletproof Range Rover – Spokesperson kkay on Uloma Ezirim: What Will be Will Be Blessing on Former Vice President of America Joe Biden Reveals He Had Every Intention of Running for President in 2016 Mz Socially Awkward.... on Bleed Blue: So We Can Be Better Mothers-In-Law fancynancy on New Video: Skales feat. Tekno – Give Me Love © 2017 Bella Naija. All rights reserved| About Us | The Team | Copyright | Terms And Conditions | Privacy Policy MENU Home News Features Events Music Movies & TV Style Beauty Weddings Career Relationships Living Inspired! Custom Search
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 10 Must-Have Chromecast Apps for Watching TV Entertainment 10 Must-Have Chromecast Apps for Watching TV Dan Price Love Silicon Valley? 8 TV Shows You Should Watch on Netflix Entertainment Love Silicon Valley? 8 TV Shows You Should Watch on Netflix Joel Lee Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Why the Ecobee3 Smart Thermostat Should Be Your First HomeKit Device Smart Home Why the Ecobee3 Smart Thermostat Should Be Your First HomeKit Device Brent Dirks March 23, 2017 23-03-2017 7 minutes Why the Ecobee3 Smart Thermostat Should Be Your First HomeKit Device Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email If you’re new to smart home technology, and use Apple devices, the Ecobee3 Smart Thermostat is a great first step towards creating a smart home. As the smart home market continues to grow, the number of different devices available can overwhelm beginners. But building a smart home What Is A Smart Home? What Is A Smart Home? We recently launched a Smart Home category at MakeUseOf, but what is a smart home? Read More is easier than it seems. One of the most important choices you will make is what device to purchase first. There are tons of different options on the market, and that first selection can often dictate future accessory purchases. If you’re an Apple device user and are looking to start building a HomeKit-compatible system, the Ecobee3 Smart Thermostat is a great place to start. What Exactly Is HomeKit Compatibility? While the Ecobee3 is also compatible with the Amazon Echo ecosystem Smart Home Smackdown: Amazon Alexa vs. Apple HomeKit Smart Home Smackdown: Amazon Alexa vs. Apple HomeKit In this article, you’ll learn more about Amazon Alexa and how Apple Siri integrates with HomeKit. See a comparison between both products and decide for yourself which one is better. Read More , we’ll be focusing on using it with Apple’s HomeKit. One of the most obvious questions any smart home newcomer might have is: “What, exactly, is HomeKit?” Apple created the HomeKit framework to give your different Smart devices a way to communicate with each other using specific hardware and software. Using more than one HomeKit-enabled device, you can accomplish tasks like setting different scenes (pre-set control patterns for your devices) and other complex automations. All smart home devices can usually be controlled with a specific app, but with HomeKit compatibility, the accessories can all be accessed through a single app. Better yet? All iOS devices have Apple’s Home app Getting the Most Out of Apple HomeKit and the iOS 10 Home App Getting the Most Out of Apple HomeKit and the iOS 10 Home App In this article, you’ll learn about the growing list of HomeKit-related products and how to control them. You’ll also see how to spot a compatible product in the marketplace. Read More  built in to their system, including the Apple Watch. Another big plus is that you can control all HomeKit devices with a quick and easy Siri command. After setting up the device, you can simply tell Apple’s virtual assistant exactly what to control. And thanks to the “Hey Siri” command Make the Most of Hands-Free "Hey Siri" on Your iPhone or iPad Make the Most of Hands-Free "Hey Siri" on Your iPhone or iPad Here's how Apple's hands-free "Hey Siri" command can make your life easier. Read More , you can control a smart home from across the room. As long as you have a Home Hub at a home (which can be a fourth-generation Apple TV Apple TV 2015 Review & Giveaway Apple TV 2015 Review & Giveaway With competition from Google's Chromecast and Amazon’s FireTV reaching fever pitch, can Cupertino still hold its own in the battle for the space under your TV? Read More or iPad with iOS 10 or later) you can operate all HomeKit devices from anywhere with an internet connection. The first HomeKit devices started hitting the market in June 2015, and the ecosystem has steadily grown. It now includes diverse accessories including doorbells, air conditioners, fans, and humidifiers, along with the usual smart home accessories like lights and switches. Why the Ecobee3? Arriving in late 2015, the Ecobee3 was the first smart thermostat to offer HomeKit support. While everyone is familiar with using a regular thermostat to control heating and/or air conditioning, Smart thermostats (pioneered by Nest How to Install and Use the Nest Thermostat to Automate Energy Savings How to Install and Use the Nest Thermostat to Automate Energy Savings If you've ever considered getting started with home automation, purchasing a Nest thermostat is the perfect way to start. In just a week of using it, we cut our energy consumption in half. Read More ) take this concept to the next level. The Ecobee3 builds on Nest’s success by adding several unique features of its own. One big difference of the Ecobee3 is obvious simply by looking at the thermostat itself. Instead of the retro, round shape of the Nest, it sports more of a more modern aesthetic and offers a 3.5-inch touchscreen interface. Think of it as an old-school iPhone mounted on the wall. Instead of turning a dial like on the Nest, you control the Ecobee3 by using the touchscreen. Nest places a big emphasis on learning your routine and automatically adjusting heating or AC when needed. In contrast, the Ecobee3 doesn’t feature an independent learning system, but you can manually create different schedules through the companion app. The main draw of of the Ecobee3 is its remote sensors. Ecobee includes one with each thermostat, and you can also purchase an additional two-pack if needed. Along with the main thermostat itself, the remote sensors act as HomeKit-enabled temperature recording and motion detection stations. That information powers the Follow Me and Smart Home/Away feature we’ll explore in a bit. The Big Step: Installation Even though the Ecobee3 is a great foundation for a HomeKit smart home, you’ll first need to conquer the biggest obstacle: installation. While this make take more work than other devices, the benefits of the Ecobee3 are definitely worth the effort! Anyone with basic DIY knowledge should be able to install the thermostat without any issue as Ecobee includes most everything needed to complete the job, short of a screwdriver and drill. If that makes you nervous, you can hire professional installation, though it will add anywhere from $100 to $200 to the thermostat’s $249 retail cost. Before you make the purchase, definitely head to Ecboee’s site and see if there are any rebates, incentives, or special offers in your area. At least near me, there were two opportunities to earn a bill credit if using specific energy providers. One issue that might trip you up during installation is the common wire, better known as a c-wire. The c-wire provides full-time power to the unit and the always-on display. Even when you’re not adjusting the unit, the screen will show the current weather conditions outside and the temperature inside. Your current thermostat may or may not have a c-wire. The only way to tell for sure is to remove the front housing and do a wire check. Find the port with a “C” and look for a wire. If there is no c-wire, Ecobee includes a power extender kit that uses the current wires to power the unit. Installing that takes a bit more work with your heating/cooling system itself and may require a professional. Ecobee3 Thermostat with Sensor, Wi-Fi, 2nd Generation, Works with Amazon Alexa Ecobee3 Thermostat with Sensor, Wi-Fi, 2nd Generation, Works with Amazon Alexa Works with Amazon Alexa for voice control (Alexa device sold separately) Buy Now At Amazon $23.37 If you choose to tackle the wire situation on your own, you should be done in less than 30 minutes. Most of the process includes removing the wires from the current thermostat and transferring them over to the new control plate. After that, simply push the thermostat itself into the control plate, and let the fun begin. Setup Time First, and most importantly, you’ll need to download the companion Ecobee app that can be used on either an iPhone or iPad. After answering a few questions on the thermostat itself about the heating system and air conditioner, you’ll connect to Wi-Fi. Getting the thermostat linked to HomeKit is the final step. That can be done through either the Ecobee or Home app. You’ll need to have an iOS device located near the thermostat itself. The Ecobee3 will display a special setup code that needs to be entered on the iOS device. You can do that manually or just snap a quick picture, and the app will take care of the rest. After that’s done, assign the thermostat to a specific room in a HomeKit setup. For example, if the Ecobee is in the living room you can assign it to that area. Doing this step will be helpful down the road if you choose to add automation with other accessories or with Siri. You can also set up the remote sensor using the thermostat’s screen. At least on the iPhone, the app looks exactly like the thermostat interface itself, making it easy to do the same tasks no matter where you are. You can set it for cooling, heating, or a combination of both in the automatic mode. The main display will show the current conditions at your house. Just pull the small button on the left side to adjust. Sensor Madness Now it’s time for the remote sensors, including one built into the thermostat, to shine. In more than two years of use, my favorite feature by far is Follow Me. The system will determine any rooms where motion has been detected. It will then only use that room’s temperature reading to determine if heating or air conditioning is needed. So in practical use, that means only the room, or rooms, you’re using will be the most comfortable. No matter the weather outside, that can definitely come in handy. Living in Texas, my air conditioner operates at least 9 months out of the year. And even though it does a good job cooling my house, there are a number of hot and cool spots. But using Follow Me, my family and I are comfortable every day of the year. Another way to use the remote sensor is with the Smart Home/Away feature. Acting as a backup to any preset schedules, the sensor overrides those on motion detection. For example, if you happen to come home early from work, the motion will cancel any preset schedule automatically. These two features combined make the Ecobee3 worth every penny. And if you’ve got a larger home or a multi-story residence, I would definitely recommend purchasing additional sensors. ecobee3 Room Sensor 2 Pack with Stands ecobee3 Room Sensor 2 Pack with Stands Room sensors detect occupancy and temperature to deliver comfort when you're home and help save money when you're away Buy Now At Amazon $47.67 Siri, Is It Getting Hot in Here? Using Siri to control the thermostat is definitely useful, especially if you have a number of different iOS devices and the Apple Watch. You can head to Ecboee’s site to see the entire list of Siri commands to control the unit. Along with being able to control the heating or air conditioning, you can ask Siri the current temperature at the thermostat and any remote sensors. Final Thoughts Building your own smart home might seem daunting, but taking it one step at a time can make the entire process easier as you can take time to plan and budget for different accessories. The Ecobee3 Smart Thermostat is a great choice for your first building block, and it’s hard to argue with something that could eventually pay for itself thanks to lowering your heating or AC bills and maybe even improving your health 4 Health Benefits of Monitoring Temp & Humidity at Home 4 Health Benefits of Monitoring Temp & Humidity at Home Did you know that there are health benefits of using smart home products? That's right. One or two smart purchases could drastically improve your quality of life at home. Read More . And, if you continue to build a HomeKit-compatible system, you can use the thermostat in a number of different automations and scenes to make life just a bit easier. What was your first smart home device? Was it the right choice? Let us know in the comments. Previous PostRaising Smart Kids in Smart Homes: Ideas for Parents 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Brent Dirks 2 articles Born and raised in sunny west Texas, Brent graduated from Texas Tech University with a BA in journalism. He's been writing about technology for more than 5 years and enjoys all things Apple, accessories, and security. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Aerix Vidius HD Budget FPV/VR Streaming Drone Aerix Vidius HD Budget FPV/VR Streaming Drone ILIFE A6 Robot Vacuum Review (and Giveaway) ILIFE A6 Robot Vacuum Review (and Giveaway) Xiaomi Yeelight Smart Wi-Fi Light Strip Review & Giveaway Xiaomi Yeelight Smart Wi-Fi Light Strip Review & Giveaway Advertisement Trending 10 Must-Have Chromecast Apps for Listening to Music Entertainment 10 Must-Have Chromecast Apps for Listening to Music You Can Now Track Your Friends Using Google Maps Tech News You Can Now Track Your Friends Using Google Maps 10 Must-Have Chromecast Apps for Watching TV Entertainment 10 Must-Have Chromecast Apps for Watching TV Advertisement Related Articles Put Apple HomeKit Devices to Good Use With Automation Smart Home Put Apple HomeKit Devices to Good Use With Automation Control Your Lights Like a Geek With These Arduino Projects DIY Smart Home Control Your Lights Like a Geek With These Arduino Projects Siri vs. Alexa: Which Personal Assistant Is Better? Smart Home Siri vs. Alexa: Which Personal Assistant Is Better? Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
EDITION US عربي (Arabi) Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Ελλάδα (Greece) India Italia 日本 (Japan) 한국 (Korea) Maghreb México Québec (En Francais) South Africa United Kingdom United States NEWS Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Heroin Epidemic Donald Trump Racial Inequality US Senate Election Results HuffPost Hill Police Brutality Hate Crimes Supreme Court Congress So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Entertainment Comedy Celebrity TV Arts + Culture Backspace Movies LIFESTYLE Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Relationships Sleep IMPACT Reclaim Project Zero HuffPost RYOT Good News VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Queer Voices Parents VIDEO ALL SECTIONS Arts + Culture Black Voices Books Business Candidate Confessional Celebrity College Comedy Crime Divorce Dolce Vita Eat the Press Education Election Results Entertainment Fifty Good News Green Healthy Living Highline Home Horoscopes HuffPost Data HuffPost Hill Impact Latino Voices Media Newsletters Outspeak Parents Politics Pollster Queer Voices Religion Science Small Business So That Happened Sports Style Taste Tech Teen TestKitchen Travel TV Weddings Weird News Women FEATURED OWN Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Retire Well Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit WorldPost WIRED, Contributor WIRED The Hidden Breakthrough In Apple’s New Video App 03/23/2017 02:24 pm ET | Updated 5 days ago By Margaret Rhodes for WIRED. Apple You may be tempted to compare Clips, Apple’s new mobile video app, to Snapchat and Instagram. When it appears in the App Store next month, the slick new app will feature filters, stickers, and a press-to-record UI that makes it easy to capture, edit, and share snippets of video. But Clips is no mere Snapchat clone. RELATED: The iPhone Remade Apple 10 Years Ago. Now It’s Slowing Apple Down For starters, Clips is a tool, not a platform. Yes, you can use it to make highlight reels of your cat, but you’ll still do your sharing over iMessage (or, more likely, your social network of choice). It’s also smart: Clips uses facial recognition to identify the people in your videos, and suggest people to share them with. But what really sets the app apart is a feature Apple calls Live Titles, which turns your spoken words into on-screen text. It also goes one crucial step further: Apple claims it synchronizes the text to the cadence of your voice. If it works as advertised, Clips’ speech-to-text feature will be the easiest method yet for close-captioning social videos. That makes Live Titles a neat solution to an ironic — and increasingly irksome — problem: The more people use video to communicate, the more they need text to tell them just what those videos are saying. The more people use video to communicate, the more they need text to tell them just what those videos are saying. Apple Blame autoplay. Next time you find yourself browsing your favorite social feed, pay attention to all the videos that play unprompted as you thumb through. Then notice how many are muted. Muted videos are infinitely more courteous than unmuted ones, not to mention easier to watch when riding the subway at rush hour, standing in line at the grocery, or talking with mom on speaker phone — provided they have captions. Text-on-screen has become a crucial barrier to entry not just for media outlets and YouTube stars, but anyone who wants their social videos to be seen by as many eyeballs as possible. People are consuming more video content than ever (according to Facebook’s latest numbers, half a billion people watch 100-million hours of video on the platform every day); it stands to reason they’re watching more muted content than ever, too. RELATED: Stop Everything, There’s a Red iPhone 7 Now But captioning videos is still a pain. Your current options for adding text are third-party apps like Vont (which produce good results, but are labor intensive), animating it ahead of time (which most people don’t know how to do), or finger-typing and scribbling on screen (which doesn’t sync to the action in your video). Facebook recently unveiled a free caption-generating service, but it’s currently limited to English, bedeviled by transcription errors, and only runs on desktops. Clips promises to make it easier than ever for anyone to annotate their videos. Users can get fancy if they want. They can choose from different typefaces and presentation formats (like whether to use a simple text overlay or a speech bubble), and they can still manually edit captions with punctuation and emoji. But at its most basic level, Live Titles’ job is to listen attentively and spit out precisely timed subtitles in one of 36 languages (for now). The Rise of Visual Culture notwithstanding, text remains essential to the narratives we all spin with images and video online. A tool that promises to makes captioning simpler, more intuitive, maybe even a little fun, is no small thing. If Live Titles is truly effortless to use, Clips could be very successful—in which case, Snapchat and Instagram might soon be the ones cribbing from Apple’s playbook. More from WIRED: 9 Magical Photos Of California’s Wildflower Super Bloom Obama Talks AI and the Future of the World America’s Electronic Voting Machines Are Easy Targets What Happens When You Talk About Salaries at Google Hackers Trick Facial-Recognition Logins With Facebook Photos A Hacking Group is Selling iPhone Spyware to Governments MORE: Tech Innovations Online Advertising Mobile Advertising Mobile Technologies App Store CONVERSATIONS Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW THE MORNING EMAIL Start your workday the right way with the news that matters most. Learn more Newsletter 591 K 474 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat The Hidden Breakthrough In Apple’s New Video App NEW! HIGHLIGHT AND SHARE Highlight text to share via Facebook and Twitter Advertise RSS Careers FAQ User Agreement Privacy Comment Policy About Us About Our Ads Contact Us Archive Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost Impact
Close WikiLeaks: CIA hacked Apple devices in ways users can't fix - Brownsville Herald: Business Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 85° Scattered Clouds Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest Small-craft advisory issued for Laguna Madre, gulf HARLINGEN — The National Weather Service in Brownsville has issued a small-craft advisory for the Laguna Madre. Posted: March 28 rss Texas News Oklahoma may legalize hog hunting from helicopters 1 Texas death row inmate gets appeal, 2nd inmate rejected Tribes' battle over Dakota Access pipeline not over States push to protect birth control despite failed GOP bill A timeline of the Dakota Access oil pipeline Dallas woman found guilty in 2015 injection death of client Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest Nationals: Trump declined invite for opening day 1st pitch AP New! WASHINGTON (AP) — The Washington Nationals say President Donald Trump has declined an invitation to throw out the ceremonial first pitch before their game on opening day. Updated: 2:45 pm Sports, Professional Baseball, Baseball More From The Latest NFL players push lawmakers on criminal justice reform Florida coach sorry after shoving Auburn player after game Star gymnasts testify at Congress about sex-abuse scandal Harry Giles leaves Duke after 1 year to enter NBA draft Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Puzzles Comics Kingdom Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory Careers Don't Miss: MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Community Calendar Celebrating the Port of Brownsville Home News Business WikiLeaks: CIA hacked Apple devices in ways users can't fix Story Comments Image (2) Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Kiichiro Sato WikiLeaks says CIA hacks on Apple devices can persist FILE - In this Friday, Sept. 16, 2016, file photo, a customer sets up his new iPhone 7 Plus, right, as he switches from the iPhone 6 at the Apple Store on Michigan Avenue during the release of the Apple iPhone 7 and the latest Apple Watches, in Chicago. New documents from WikiLeaks, posted Thursday, March 23, 2017, point to an apparent CIA program to hack Apple’s iPhones and Mac computers such that the exploits persist even after the devices are reset to factory conditions. Security experts say the exploits are plausible, but they are playing down the threat to typical users. The techniques typically require physical access to devices, something the CIA would only use for individuals it is targeting. (AP Photo/Kiichiro Sato, File) Mark Schiefelbein WikiLeaks says CIA hacks on Apple devices can persist FILE - In this Saturday, June 18, 2016, file photo, customers try out Apple iPhone 6s models on display at an Apple Store in Beijing. New documents from WikiLeaks, posted Thursday, March 23, 2017, point to an apparent CIA program to hack Apple’s iPhones and Mac computers such that the exploits persist even after the devices are reset to factory conditions. Security experts say the exploits are plausible, but they are playing down the threat to typical users. The techniques typically require physical access to devices, something the CIA would only use for individuals it is targeting. (AP Photo/Mark Schiefelbein, File) Posted: Thursday, March 23, 2017 3:29 pm | Updated: 3:45 pm, Thu Mar 23, 2017. WikiLeaks: CIA hacked Apple devices in ways users can't fix Associated Press | NEW YORK (AP) — New documents from WikiLeaks point to an apparent CIA program to hack Apple's iPhones and Mac computers using techniques that users couldn't disable by resetting their devices. Security experts say the exploits are plausible, but suggest they pose little threat to typical users. They say that many of the tricks are older — the iPhone hack involves the 3G model from 2008, for instance. The techniques also typically require physical access to devices, something the CIA would use only for targeted individuals, not a broader population. "The most notable part of this latest WikiLeaks release is that it shows the CIA doing exactly what we pay them to — exploit specific targets with limited attacks to support our national interests," said Rich Mogull, CEO of the security research firm Securosis. Apple didn't respond to a request for comment. The CIA has not commented on the authenticity of this and earlier WikiLeaks revelations, but has previously said it complies with a legal prohibition against electronic surveillance "targeting individuals here at home, including our fellow Americans." The agency declined further comment Thursday. DOCUMENT DUMP The leaks Thursday come about two weeks after WikiLeaks published thousands of alleged CIA documents describing hacking tools it said the government employed to break into computers, mobile phones and even smart TVs from companies like Apple, Google, Microsoft and Samsung. The latest disclosures are much more focused and consist of just 12 documents, all involving Apple products. The documents describe techniques for rewriting devices' firmware in ways that would maintain a hacker's access even if a user resets a phone or computer to factory settings. Doing so wipes out all apps and the operating system and installs a clean version; it is an extreme measure sometimes used to deal with technical problems, but is also the sort of step that someone suspicious of surveillance might take when getting a brand new phone. A December 2008 document describes "NightSkies," a tool apparently designed to target the iPhone 3G; the document claims it can retrieve files such as contact lists and call logs and execute other commands. WikiLeaks suggested in a press release that the "CIA has been infecting the iPhone supply chain of its targets since at least 2008." However, the document describes only how to install the malware on a "factory fresh" version of the 3G — specifically, the iPhone 3G running the 2.1 version of Apple's operating system, both of which are now nine years old. CAVEATS GALORE But infecting all phones somewhere in the manufacturing process would be extremely difficult, said Mogull, especially given multiple layers of inspections conducted by Apple and its contractors. At most, he said, the CIA might have shipped a rogue phone individually to a target. And while it's possible that the CIA developed similar techniques for later iPhone models, Mogull said iPhones from the past few years have much greater security, including digital security certificates that cannot be overwritten. A flag would be raised during the setup process if certificates do not match. Johannes Ullrich, director of the Internet Storm Center at the SANS Institute, said NightSkies might not even be a current project given that the document was last updated in 2008, while the leaks appear to have come in 2016. Other documents released describe similar exploits for Mac computers. One hides in the firmware of Apple's Thunderbolt-to-Ethernet adapter and requires someone to plug in that adapter to install the malware. Another targets a specific Mac model, the MacBook Air with the Leopard version of the Mac OS system — current at the time, but now seven generations old. Ullrich said the Mac exploits all appear old. He added that some of the Thunderbolt issues have been fixed to make the hack more difficult to pull off. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business Oklahoma may legalize hog hunting from helicopters ARTICLE: Oklahoma may legalize hog hunting from helicopters Elton John to help develop animated 'Technicolor Dreamcoat' ARTICLE: Elton John to help develop animated 'Technicolor Dreamcoat' White House calls for domestic cuts to finance border wall More about General News States push to protect birth control despite failed GOP bill States push to protect birth control despite failed GOP bill ARTICLE: States push to protect birth control despite failed GOP bill ARTICLE: A timeline of the Dakota Access oil pipeline ARTICLE: Tribes' battle over Dakota Access pipeline not over More about Government And Politics McConnell confident Dems won't keep Gorsuch off high court McConnell confident Dems won't keep Gorsuch off high court ARTICLE: McConnell confident Dems won't keep Gorsuch off high court Oklahoma may legalize hog hunting from helicopters ARTICLE: Oklahoma may legalize hog hunting from helicopters Discuss Print Posted in Business on Thursday, March 23, 2017 3:29 pm. Updated: 3:45 pm. | Tags: Business, General News, Government And Politics, Technology, Consumer Electronics Manufacturing, Consumer Product Manufacturing, Consumer Products And Services, Computer Hardware Manufacturing, Information Technology, Mobile Phone Manufacturing, Mobile Telecommunications Equipment Manufacturing, Telecommunications Equipment Manufacturing, Telecommunications, Smartphones, Mobile Phones, Consumer Electronics, Hacking, Technology Issues Custom Search Site Web Follow us on Facebook Today's Edition tab 0 tab 1 Calendar today's events browse submit Online Features Real Estate Tips for choosing an energy-efficient... Brandpoint (BPT) Spring home improvements you can do i... Brandpoint (BPT) The lowdown on low down payment mortgage Brandpoint (BPT) 7 home improvements to tackle before ... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 hot, high-tech upgrades to give you... Brandpoint (BPT) Home sellers: 6 last-minute cleaning ... Brandpoint (BPT) Buying or Refinancing Your Home this ... Thoughtful home design: 4 tips to tra... Brandpoint (BPT) How trending home colors achieve thei... Brandpoint (BPT) Self-employed? Tips to help you navig... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Homes Owner will Finance 12 Acre Ranch- Iowa and 8.75 Mile $109,000 Updated: 5:00 am MGM PLATINUM RANCHES $59,900 Updated: 5:00 am Large Executive Suite available for rent at Villa de Cortez Updated: March 22 More Homes Cars Hunters ALIGNMENT RACK for sale. Perfect Cond., $30,000 OBO. (956) $30,000 Updated: 5:00 am 2015 HONDA CR-V . $21,988 Updated: 5:00 am 1955 Massey Harris 44LP Farm TRACTOR, selling as is for $1,500 Updated: 5:00 am More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Friends2Follow Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate Tips for choosing an energy-efficient... Brandpoint (BPT) Spring home improvements you can do i... Brandpoint (BPT) The lowdown on low down payment mortgage Brandpoint (BPT) 7 home improvements to tackle before ... Brandpoint (BPT) 4 hot, high-tech upgrades to give you... Brandpoint (BPT) Home sellers: 6 last-minute cleaning ... Brandpoint (BPT) Buying or Refinancing Your Home this ... Thoughtful home design: 4 tips to tra... Brandpoint (BPT) How trending home colors achieve thei... Brandpoint (BPT) Self-employed? Tips to help you navig... Brandpoint (BPT) Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2017, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Risk Assessment — New WikiLeaks dump: The CIA built Thunderbolt exploit, implants to target Macs "Sonic Screwdriver" leveraged a now-patched vulnerability. Sean Gallagher - Mar 23, 2017 8:11 pm UTC Enlarge / One of these things is a CIA implant dropper. From an original image by Scott Ackerman reader comments 92 Share this story WikiLeaks today dumped a smaller subset of documents from its "Vault 7" collection of files from a CIA software developer server. Yet again, these documents are more important from the perspective of WikiLeaks having them than for showing any revelatory content. The exploits detailed in these new files are for vulnerabilities that have largely been independently discovered and patched in the past. The files also reveal that the CIA likely built one of these tools after seeing a presentation on the exploits of Apple's EFI boot firmware at Black Hat in 2012. The latest batch of files, dramatically named "DarkMatter" (after one of the tools described in the dump), consists of user manuals and other documentation for exploits targeting Apple MacBooks—including malware that leveraged a vulnerability in Apple's Thunderbolt interface uncovered by a researcher two years ago. Named "Sonic Screwdriver" after the ever-useful tool carried by the fictional Doctor of Dr. Who, the malware was stored on an ordinary Thunderbolt Ethernet adapter. It exploited the Thunderbolt interface to allow anyone with physical access to a MacBook to bypass password protection on firmware and install one of a series of Apple-specific CIA "implants." Further ReadingWorld’s first (known) bootkit for OS X can permanently backdoor MacsThe first (and only documented) version of Sonic Screwdriver was released in 2012. It worked only on MacBooks built between late 2011 and mid-2012, and the tool used a vulnerability in the firmware of those computers that allowed commands to be sent via the Thunderbolt adapter to change the "boot path" (the location of the files used to boot the computer). The change would allow a local attacker to boot the targeted MacBook from an external device to install malware that eavesdropped on the computer during normal use. Those implants included "DarkMatter," the predecessor to "QuarkMatter." (QuarkMatter is malware that was revealed in the previous WikiLeaks dump, and it infected the EFI partition of a MacBook's storage device.) The ability to exploit Apple computers' EFI firmware dates back at least to January of 2009, with a set of tools the CIA's Engineering Development Group called "DarkSeaSkies." That kit included DarkMatter, "an EFI driver that persists in firmware and installs the other two tools" called NightSkies (a Mac OS backdoor), and SeaPea (a "kernel-space implant" that stealthily launched NightSkies at boot). NightSkies was also the name of an earlier (2008) iOS implant which was installed via iTunes on factory-reset iPhones. The Sonic Screwdriver tool, released in November 2012, was likely used with another implant called Der Starke (German for "The Strong"). Der Starke was a "diskless EFI-persistent version" of an implant called Triton. The normal version of Triton, which worked on Mac OS 10.7("Lion") and 10.8 ("Mountain Lion"), required installation with administrative access to the operating system. Der Starke, however, targeted systems with Mac OS 10.8 and 10.9 ("Mavericks"), and this tool could be installed by booting from a USB via EFI boot—or with Sonic Screwdriver if the firmware was password protected. The Thunderbolt exploit used by Sonic Screwdriver was first revealed at Black Hat USA in 2012 by the security researcher known as snare. The same exploit was practically implemented in 2015 by security researcher Trammell Hudson. As implemented, Sonic Screwdriver obviously required what's been referred to as an "evil maid" attack—someone has to gain access to the targeted device for an extended period of time to perform the installation. The same is true of the other tools in cases where there is no password-protected firmware; the attacker would need to be able to boot the computer from a USB device to install it. In a post this afternoon, Hudson said: The functionality of Sonic Screwdriver appears to be at the same level as presented in snare's slides—the Option ROM code is loaded before firmware passwords are checked, which allows it to bypass this password and boot from an alternate media device with a more extensive exploit, but does not have any flash level persistence. Based on the documentation, as far as I can tell it does not carry any payload of its own and its sole purpose is to be able to boot from external media It's possible that later versions of Sonic Screwdriver were capable of a remote attack if they followed the development path taken by Hudson. A second version of Thunderstrike that he created could be spread by e-mail attachment or a malicious website, and that iteration used the Thunderbolt bus to infect firmware in Apple peripherals. In turn, this infected any other computer the peripherals might be plugged into. Apple has already patched the Thunderstrike vulnerability in firmware updates, but computers that haven't been updated could still be vulnerable to this sort of attack. Sean Gallagher Sean is Ars Technica's IT Editor. A former Navy officer, systems administrator, and network systems integrator with 20 years of IT journalism experience, he lives and works in Baltimore, Maryland. Email sean.gallagher@arstechnica.com // Twitter @thepacketrat reader comments 92 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Computerworld 18 free cloud storage options News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook 18 free cloud storage options There’s Box, DropBox, Drive and iCloud, but which is right for you? Brandon Butler (Network World) 24 March, 2017 05:49 - - - - print email Comments The cloud is full of free storage, if you know where to look. From Box to DropBox, Google to Apple, there’s plenty of free storage to be had in the cloud. Many companies use free cloud storage as a way to entice users into their clouds in hopes that they will pay more for additional storage. Below, in alphabetical order, are 18 free cloud services – but a word of warning: The market for free cloud storage is volatile and offers from these vendors can change frequently, including being eliminated with little or no warning. + ALSO ON NETWORK WORLD: 7 ways to supercharge your personal cloud storage+ Amazon Cloud The deal: 5GB free in S3; free unlimited photo storage for Amazon Prime customers. Details: Amazon Web Service’s business-oriented cloud storage service named Simple Storage Service (S3) has a tier of up to 5GB of free storage. On the consumer side, Amazon Prime members get free unlimited cloud storage for photos in Amazon Cloud Drive with their subscription, which costs $99 per year and includes free two-day shipping on eligible Amazon.com products. For non Amazon-prime members, unlimited photos can be stored for $11.99 per year after a three-month free trial. For $59.99 per year Amazon offers an “Unlimited Everything” plan, which allows any file or document to be stored. More information: Amazon Cloud Drive and Amazon S3                                              Apple iCloud Drive The deal: 5GB of free cloud storage Details: Apple iCloud Drive comes with 5GB of free cloud storage. Users looking to bump up their storage can do so for $0.99/month for 50GBs; $2.99/month for 200GB; $9.99/month for 1TB and $19.99 for 2TB. ICloud is meant for Apple users, but there is an iCloud app for Windows. A third-party app is needed to access iCloud storage from Android devices. More information: Apple iCloud Backblaze The deal: 10GB free cloud storage Details: Backblaze offers personal computer backup and business cloud storage services. But it also has an offer for 10GB of free cloud storage. Additional storage is $0.005/GB/month. There is a limit in the free version of 1GB downloaded per day. Mac and PC backups are $5 per computer per month, or $50 per year. Business plans start at $5 per computer per month, or $5 per month per TB. More information: Backblaze pricing Box The deal: 10GB of free cloud storage Details: Box offers a number of plans, but the basic, single-user free plan comes with 10GB of free storage, with a 250MB file upload size limit. A Personal Pro plan is $10 per month for 100GB of storage with a 5GB upload limit. The company’s other plans are targeted at teams and businesses and include more stringent security measures. A starter package for $5 per month comes with 100GB of storage and a 2-GB file size limit for up to 10 users. A Business account for $15 per month includes unlimited storage with a 5-GB file size limit. Custom-priced enterprise plans are also available. More information: Box Dropbox The deal: 2GB of free cloud storage Details: Beyond the 2GB of free storage, other plans start at $9.99 per month or $99.99 per year for DropBox Plus, which comes with 1TB of space. DropBox Business offers companies 2TB of storage for $12.50 per user per month, or for $20 per user per month the company offers “as much space as you need.” More information: DropBox FlipDrive The deal: 10GB free cloud storage Details: FlipDrive’s 10GB of free storage comes with a 25MB file size limit and up to 10 share links. For $5 per month users get 25GB; 100GB for $10 per month or $20 per month for 250GB. FlipDrive offers online photo albums to organize pictures and a contact management system for storing contacts. More information: FlipDrive pricing Google Drive The deal: 15GB of free cloud storage Details: If you need more than the 15GB of free cloud storage, for $1.99 per month customers get 100GB of storage, and for $9.99 per month customers receive 1TB of storage. Any data associated with your Google email account counts against your Drive storage limit, but anything stored in Google Docs, Sheets or Slides does not count against the 15GB limit. When using Google Photos, images stored in “Original Quality” count against the 15GB storage limit, but storing them in “High quality” mode does not count against the quota. More information: Google Drive HiDrive The deal: 5GB of free cloud storage Details: Beyond the 5GB of free cloud storage, up to 100GB cost $6.30.month and 500GB costs $12.50 per month. HiDrive is hosted by Starto AG, a German technology company. More information: HiDrive HubiC The deal: 25GB of free cloud storage Details: HubiC is the commercial storage arm of French business cloud provider OVH, which offers a broader set of features related to hosting. HubiC’s prices are in Euros, but 100GB of storage is about $1.06 per month, while 10TB is $5.30 per month. More information: HubiC pricing IDrive The deal: 5GB of free cloud storage Details: Users can get additional storage by referring friends; or a 1TB plan is available for about $52 per year. There is also a business service with additional granular security controls that starts at about $75 per user per month. More information: IDrive JumpShare The deal: 2GB of free cloud storage Details: Jumpshare offers 1TB of storage for $9.99 a month, or $99 per year. Jumpshare offers a series of advanced features, such as links to documents stored in the cloud that expire after a certain amount of time and ‘self-destruct’ features that give customers the option to delete data after a pre-determined time. Users can also get customer URLs and branding, scheduled sharing, as well as analytics of how many people have consumed information that’s been shared. More information: Jumpshare Mega The deal: 50GB of free cloud storage Details: Founded by famed internet provocateur Kim Dotcom, Mega offers one of the must lucrative deals in the cloud: 50GB of free storage. Users can get 4TB for about $9 per month (the company uses Euros). A word of warning: New Zealand-based Mega does not store users’ passwords, so the company recommends you keep a secondary backup of files stored in the service. Basically this means that if you lose your password, Mega can’t help you recover it. More information: Mega Microsoft OneDrive The Deal: 5GB free storage Details: Microsoft OneDrive (formerly SkyDrive) comes with 5GB of free cloud storage (which changed from 15GB of free storage in mid-2016). Additional storage is 50GB for $1.99 per month, while 1TB costs $6.99 per month. Microsoft offers other goodies too, including an extra 15GB of storage when you backup your camera roll to OneDrive, and customers can get an extra 5GB by referring friends (refer up to 10 friends at 500MB free for each friend). Microsoft Office, which gives access to Microsoft apps such as Word, Excel and Outlook, costs $6.99 per month (or $69.99 per year) and comes with 1TB of storage. More information: Microsoft OneDrive pCloud The deal: 20GB of free cloud storage Details: pCloud offers initial customers 10GB of free cloud storage space, and users can get up to an additional 10GB by inviting friends to the service. For even more space, pCloud offers 500GBs for $4.99 per month or $47.88 per year; or $9.99 per month or $95.88 per year for 2TB. pCloud started in 2013 and is based in Switzerland. More information: pCloud OziBox The deal: 10GB of free cloud storage Details: OziBox is built on the idea of a community of self-proclaimed SuperCoders who have built the platform. Beyond the 10GB of free cloud storage, users can get 200GB for $8.33 per month for 180 days, or 1 TB for $24.99 per month for 180 days. Sync.com The deal: 5GB free cloud storage Details: Sync positions itself as a business-oriented file synch and share platform. A pro version for $8 per month, billed annually, includes 2TB of storage while a business plan is $5 per user per month billed annually that includes 1TB of storage per user. More information: Sync.com Syncplicity The deal: 10 GB of free cloud storage Details: Syncplicity offers an enterprise file synch and share service (EFSS), which is meant to compete with Box. It offers a personal plan that comes with 10GB free per month and has other business-oriented plans starting at $60 per month, which comes with 300GB, plus 5GB for each user. More information: Syncplicity Yandex.Disk The deal: 10GB free cloud storage Details: Yandex.Disk is the cloud storage arm of the popular Russian search engine Yandex. For $1 per month. users can get an extra 10GB, or for $2 per month 100GB. One TB is $10 per month. More information: Yandex pricing 7 Habits of the Effective Network Manager More from NetScout Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about Amazon.comAppleCustomDropboxExcelGoogleMicrosoftSimpleSwitzerlandSyncplicity Editor's Recommendations Telstra loses fight against wholesale price cuts ACCC not sold on some changes to key NBN agreement ‘Gigatown’: MyRepublic launches gigabit broadband competition NT govt unloads on NBN satellite, pushes for fixed wireless ACCC upbeat on support for broadband speed monitoring program Blackmores, Aus Post back Alibaba’s blockchain-based anti-fraud efforts Read more Netscout Partner Zone Web Events Cloud Migration: The Comprehensive Checklist to Success Tomorrow's success comes from today's data Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education Related Whitepapers Accelerate Your Glide Path to AWS Cloud Migration Detecting a Phising Email Responding to Today’s Advanced Threats Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next NT govt unloads on NBN satellite, pushes for fixed wireless Skype for Business admins get tool to diagnose call problems The week in security: Apple extortion attempt; can Blockchain protect medical devices? CSO Online In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... MediaTek wants to put its new 10-core chip in $300 VR smartphones Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet Compare All Subscription Services DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Why Apple Acquired Popular Automation App Workflow Apple doesn't usually just buy apps and then make them free, but this time it appears to have a longer-term strategy in mind. Natalie Walters Mar 24, 2017 8:33 PM EDT Apple (AAPL)  on Wednesday acquired a popular automation app, Workflow, for an undisclosed sum and made it free on the App Store for the iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch. Previously, the app cost $2.99.  The app's motto is "spend less taps, get more done" and Workflow can automate a wide range of shortcuts across multiple apps, such as using a tap to automatically request an Uber to take you to a preset location, or to show you the top news stories from the day. Users can navigate to the "Gallery" page to add or delete task options from the app's home page. The Workflow options in the Gallery are created by other people, but users can create their own tasks as well.  Apple's move to make it free on the App Store seems out of character for a company that has often been criticized for its expensive prices on products relative to its competitors. Loup Ventures founder Gene Munster said Apple most likely kicked down the small $2.99 pay wall in order to increase the users on the app which, in turn, will help them get more data on how people are using the app so it can make appropriate improvements. "Apple has been accused of being tone deaf when it comes to prices so this is an example of it making small adjustments to the new world order where you have to make the app free in order to get data on it," he explained.  Apple is a holding in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio. Want to be alerted before Cramer buys or sells AAPL? Learn more now. The tech giant's long-term plan for the app appears to be to integrate it with its voice-activated helper Siri and other artificial intelligence (AI) applications, Munster said. Workflow can be used to better automate everything from smart home features to a calendar app. "This is an example of AI making our lives better by having different applications talking to each other and thinking about how to best accomplish the tasks for user's day," Munster explained.  As part of the deal, the app's three creators, Ari Weinstein, Conrad Kramer and Nick Frey are all joining Apple. "We are thrilled to be joining Apple," Weinstein said in a statement to techcrunch.com. "We've worked closely with Apple from the very beginning, from kickstarting our company as students attending WWDC to developing and launching Workflow and seeing its amazing success on the App Store. We can't wait to take our work to the next level at Apple and contribute to products that touch people across the world. While tech companies will sometimes make an acquisition just to acquire top talent and then retire the product -- so-called "acqui-hires" -- that doesn't seem to be the case here considering Apple has had its eyes on the app since 2015 when it presented the team with an Apple Design Award. Apple explained why Workflow won the award in a statement to techcrunch.com, which first reported the deal. The app was selected for a design award because of its "outstanding use of iOS accessibility features, in particular an outstanding implementation for VoiceOver with clearly labeled items, thoughtful hints, and drag/drop announcements, making the app usable and quickly accessible to those who are blind or low-vision." Editor's pick: This story was originally published on March 23 If you liked this article you might like Dow Snaps Eight-Session Losing Streak With Triple-Digit Gains as Crude Jumps The Dow Jones Industrial Average ends an eight-session losing streak with a triple-digit gain, clawing back from some of the heavy losses seen over the past week. Keris Alison Lahiff Mar 28, 2017 4:06 PM EDT Samsung's Planned Comeback With Galaxy S8 Could Help Lift Broadcom, Qualcomm As the phone maker unveils its new flagship product, several chipmakers expect to see gains. Chris Nolter Mar 28, 2017 2:53 PM EDT Amazon's Plans for Bricks-and-Mortar Stores are Still Young, But It's Clearly Dreaming Big The company is still in trial-and-error mode are it explores plans for venues selling goods that many consumers still prefer to buy in physical stores. Eric Jhonsa Mar 28, 2017 2:32 PM EDT Stocks at Session Highs on Gains in Energy, Financials; Dow to Snap Losing Streak Stocks add to session highs on Tuesday as gains in the financials and energy sectors boost markets. Keris Alison Lahiff Mar 28, 2017 2:25 PM EDT Trending 3 Huge Mistakes Explain Everything on Why Sears Is Now Dying Samsung's Planned Comeback With Galaxy S8 Could Help Lift Broadcom, Qualcomm 3 Reasons Investors Should Hold On to Advanced Micro Devices Whole Foods Has Lost a Staggering Amount of Shoppers and That's a Major Problem for Its Future Sears Has Finally Admitted That It's Almost Dead Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
ARN - Australian Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table yARN 5 for 15 Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events View all events Resources Resources ARN Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe to print Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Ad Specifications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Contact Sign in/Subscribe Existing Member Forgot password? Join ARN Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN Wikileaks documents show CIA's Mac and iPhone compromises Wikileaks documents show CIA's Mac and iPhone compromises For years, the agency has known of implants for iPhones and low-level rootkits for Macbooks Lucian Constantin (IDG News Service) 24 March, 2017 05:24 - - - - print email Distributors Australasian PC Distributors (APCD) Avnet Technology Solutions Bluechip Infotech BMS Technology Dicker Data Impact Systems Technology Ingram Micro Australia Leader Computers Synnex Westcon – Comstor Comments The U.S. CIA has had tools to infect Apple Mac computers by connecting malicious Thunderbolt Ethernet adapters to them since 2012, according to new documents purported to be from the agency and published by WikiLeaks. One of the documents, dated Nov. 29, 2012, is a manual from the CIA's Information Operations Center on the use of a technology codenamed Sonic Screwdriver. It is described as "a mechanism for executing code on peripheral devices while a Mac laptop or desktop is booting." Sonic Screwdriver allows the CIA to modify the firmware of an Apple Thunderbolt-to-Ethernet adapter so that it forces a Macbook to boot from an USB stick or DVD disc even when its boot options are password protected. For example, Sonic Screwdriver can be used to boot into a Linux live CD so that the Macbook's partitions and data can be accessed from outside macOS, the manual says. More importantly, an adapter modified by Sonic Screwdriver can be used to execute Der Starke, a fileless macOS malware program that has a persistence component installed in the computer's EFI (Extensible Firmware Interface). The EFI or UEFI is the low-level firmware that initiates and configures the computer's hardware components before starting the actual operating system. It is the modern equivalent of the BIOS. An EFI implant, or rootkit, can inject malicious code inside the operating system's kernel during the boot process and will survive even if the OS is fully reinstalled or the hard disk drive is changed. Der Starke is described in another CIA document that was leaked Thursday as "a diskless, EFI-persistent version of Triton," which is "an automated implant for Mac OS X" -- spying malware that can steal data and send it to a remote server. An older implant, and possibly Der Starke's precursor, is described in a document from 2009 for Macbook Air computers under the codename DarkSeaSkies. It too has an EFI persistence module and includes a user-space module codenamed Nightskies. What's interesting about Nightskies is that it was ported to the Macbook Air from a version for iPhones. According to WikiLeaks, the iPhone version of Nightskies is designed to be physically installed onto factory fresh phones. This suggests that the CIA is compromising the supply chain and is potentially intercepting and infecting electronic device shipments before they reach the final buyer. Documents leaked by Edward Snowden in 2013 suggested that the U.S. National Security Intelligence Agency engages in similar practices. The ability to install rootkits inside the EFI of Mac computers is not new. Australian security researcher Loukas K, better known in the security community as Snare, presented a proof-of-concept EFI rootkit for Macs at the Black Hat security conference in 2012. Snare has since been hired by Apple. In 2014, another security researcher named Trammell Hudson developed a way to infect the EFI of Mac computers through malicious Thunderbolt devices. Apple fixed some of the vulnerabilities that made that attack possible, but the following year Hudson created another version of the exploit, dubbed Thunderstrike 2, together with researchers Xeno Kovah and Corey Kallenberg. Apple again fixed some of the vulnerabilities that made Thunderstrike 2 possible, and a few months later the company hired Kovah and Kallenberg. Giving that Apple now has at least three security researchers who specialize in EFI attacks and that the company has hardened its firmware against such exploits significantly since 2012, it's possible that the CIA's Der Starke's implant doesn't work on the company's latest devices. Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The ability to bypass EFI password protection and boot from a peripheral device's Option ROM has also been known since 2012 and was actually mentioned in Snare's Black Hat presentation. This method, which is used by the CIA's Sonic Screwdriver Thunderbolt adapter was finally blocked by Apple in macOS Sierra 10.12.2, released in December. After WikiLeaks released the first batch of CIA documents earlier this month, Intel Security released a tool that can help computer administrators verify if the EFI/UEFI has any malicious code. During a press conference Thursday, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange said that newly released documents are just a small part of the cache of CIA documents that his organization has but has not yet published. WikiLeaks previously promised to share unpublished information about CIA exploits and vulnerabilities with technology companies with affected products. The organization then asked vendors to agree to certain terms before it discloses the information. Assange clarified Thursday that those terms don't involve money or anything like that, but rather a commitment from vendors that they will patch any flaws disclosed to them within an industry standard time period of 90 days -- with a possible extension for hard-to-fix vulnerabilities. Subscribe here for up-to-date channel news How IoT Is Leading A Revolution In Home Networking More from Leader Computers Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the ARN newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Read next Aussie businesses hit with $589,000 in damages over pirated software use Cirrus Networks nets NGage in $2.5M deal Kaspersky Lab hosts partners at Australian Grand Prix​ in Melbourne ARN Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location ARN Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows Kaspersky Lab hosts partners at Australian Grand Prix​ in Melbourne Kaspersky Lab hosted partners during the opening Formula One race of the season, at the Australian Grand Prix​ in Melbourne. Kaspersky Lab hosts partners at Australian Grand Prix​ in Melbourne ARN kicks off Awards season with 2017 Judges' Lunch ARN kick-started the 2017 awards season with its annual Judges’ Lunch in Sydney, welcoming current and new judges to the panel. Set for September 14, the ARN ICT Industry Awards will honour the channel across vendor, distributor and partner categories, while also rewarding outstanding individuals and their achievements. Photos by Maria Stefina. ARN kicks off Awards season with 2017 Judges' Lunch ARN Roundtable - Chasing channel dollars in cloud security This exclusive ARN Roundtable, in association with Symantec, assessed the cloud security landscape in an Australian context, outlining the partner opportunities ahead and crucially, how the channel can create value in an ever-changing market. Photos by Maria Stefina. ARN Roundtable - Chasing channel dollars in cloud security Related Whitepapers Datto’s State of Channel APAC Ransomware Report Case Study | Protecting customers' data with all-in-one solution from Solarwinds MSP Datto’s State Of The Channel Ransomware Report 2016 How to Plan For Disaster Recovery Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Aussie businesses hit with $589,000 in damages over pirated software use   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO Australia | CMO Australia | CSO Online | Techworld | CIO Executive Council Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 06:00AM AWS partner scores $5.6 million database deal with NSW Govt 08:14PM No copper network price hike for Telstra 05:10PM Ingram Micro unwraps new-look Odin cloud platform for partners Mar 27 At home with Airtasker: The start-up's CTO Paul Keen on building for hypergrowth More News AWS partner scores $5.6 million database deal with NSW Govt Aussie businesses hit with $589,000 in damages over pirated software use ARN Events 16 May Emerging Leaders 2017 30 Jul EDGE 2017 14 Sep ARN ICT Industry Awards 2017 Industry Events 31 Mar Making Digital Transformation Real - with Transurban – SYDNEY 04 Apr AWS Partner Summit 2017 31 May World Business Forum Sydney 2017 View all events Featured Emerging Leaders 2017 Emerging Leaders 2017 EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 ARN ICT Industry Awards ARN ICT Industry Awards Women in ICT Awards Women in ICT Awards
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Google Pixel XL 5 months later: The ups and downs of owning Google’s first proper flagship Trending in Google Corporate The Best Chromebook: Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro vs ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA Trending in Google Corporate Chromecast vs Android TV: What is Google’s best solution for big screen entertainment? Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [March 2017] Trending in Google Corporate Comment: A few months later, and my Google Home is indispensable – and I’ve only scratched the surface Trending in Google Corporate Review: Samsung Chromebook Plus has a display and build worthy of Android apps [Video] March 23 GOOG: 817.58 -12.01 9to5Toys Lunch Break: Samsung Gear VR $40, Sony Xperia XZ 32GB $430, iOrange-E USB-C 6.6 foot cable $7, more Stephen Hall - Mar. 23rd 2017 11:33 am PT @hallstephenj Android View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Samsung Gear VR Headset for $40 shipped (Reg. up to $60) Sony Xperia XZ 32GB 4G Android Smartphone (unlocked) in three colors for $430 (Reg. $550) Smartphone Accessories: iOrange-E USB-C 6.6 foot Braided Nylon Cable just $7 Prime shipped, more Save nearly $330 on the entry-level 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar, marked down to $2,070 shipped (Reg, $2,399) 9to5Rewards: Dive into Sling TV on all your favorite devices with a $75 gift card [Giveaway] MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Your choice of thin bezel monitors at Amazon: Acer 24-inch WQHD $180 or HP 23-inch 1080p IPS $115 Harman Kardon’s Onyx Studio Bluetooth Speaker is only $78 shipped (Orig. $150) This Drone comes with a 4K Sports Cam and is down to $285 shipped (Reg. $400) Daily Deals: iClever Foldable Wireless Keyboard $24, Portable Bluetooth Speaker $10, more H&M’s Midseason Sale offers up to 70% off starting at $4 Pong comes to your living room with the official vintage Atari coffee table, pre-order now Games/Apps: Grand Theft Auto V $28, Titanfall 2 Deluxe from $20, iOS freebies, more Free Xbox Live Gold Games for April: Ryse, Walking Dead Season 2, AC Revelations, more Hypar’s Folding Kayak comes in at less than 20-pounds and fits in your luggage The TaoTronics Portable Garment Steamer for $14 Prime shipped (Reg. $20+) Save 20% on sporting goods, tools, fashion, cameras and more at eBay w/ this promo code Charge your iPhone and Apple Watch on this dock in three colors for $23 Prime shipped Apple unveiled a slew of new Watch bands today, here are the best third-party alternatives The high-octane F1 2016 racer for iOS gets its very first price drop on the App Store: $4 This War of Mine for iOS and its emotional survival simulation gameplay: $2 The artistic photo editor Trigraphy for iOS goes free for the first time in nearly a year The popular Ticket to Ride is now matching its lowest price on the App Store: $2 The NES-style throwback platformer Adventures of Pip: $2 (Reg. $6) iTunes $100 Gift Card from PayPal for $85 with email delivery – save 15% MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: The #1 best-selling 4K A/V Receiver at Amazon gets a 33% price drop: Sony 7.2-Ch. w/ HDR + Bluetooth for $198 (Reg. $300) Put Twelve South’s HiRise Apple Watch Dock on your nightstand for $25 (Reg. $35) Nest Cam Outdoor is a best-seller, buy it now for $160 shipped (Reg. up to $200) Unlock your door with Siri: August 2nd Gen. HomeKit-enabled Smart Lock for $183 shipped (Reg. $230) Book a Free Smart Home Consultation w/ Amazon Services PDF Expert 2.2 for Mac: $30 (Reg. $60) Get up to 20% off w/ these discounted gift cards Amazon and DirecTV: free Fire TV Stick from $35 Anker SoundBuds: NB10 Bluetooth $32 or w/ Lightning Cable $30 Olala 13000mAh Power Bank $31, more Roku 4 Media Player (refurb.) for $60 Sony Xperia XZ 32GB 4G Android Smartphone $430 (Reg. $550) Rachael Ray Oven Lovin’ 5-Piece Set for $24  Mini Terrain Sound Bluetooth Speaker $17, more Samsung 27-inch Curved 1080p Monitor for $350 SupaBoy SNES handheld console: $81 Garmin’s Nuvi GPS w/ lifetime maps for $99 Browse 100 best-selling Kindle ebooks for just $1/each Victorinox Classic Steak Knife Set for just $30 (Reg. $50) Kryptonite KryptoLok Bike U-Lock for $26 Bella’s dualbrew coffeemaker for $25  BLACK+DECKER 6.5A 14-inch Electric Trimmer/Edger $34, more Harman Kardon5.1-Ch. Home Theater bundle for $150 iBaby 1080p Wi-Fi Smart Digital Baby Monitor $142 Aukey LED lamps starting at $20 Get up to 70% off men and women’s TOMS Oregon Scientific Interactive SmartGlobe for $40 Suit up and get more than $500 off in Macy’s Suiting Event PSN Exclusives Sale w/ PS4 titles from $3 Motor Trend magazine sub: 4 yrs. for $12 Kate and Jack Spade offer up to 75% off sale items Monopoly Here and Now: Buy it for only $6 (Reg. $10) D-Link Wi-Fi-enabled Smart Plug w/ Alexa control $25 Legrand 4-Port USB In-Wall Outlet $20 (Reg. $35), more NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Lexar expands its lineup of popular USB flash drives with the new JumpDrive Tough Stylishly cruise up to 22 miles per hour with Mercane’s Transboard electric scooter Bring the Battle of Hoth home with Lego’s new Star Wars UCS T-47 Snowspeeder The German Lotusgrill brings smokeless BBQ to your home thanks to its unique design Square Enix is set to re-release the entire Secret of Mana series on Nintendo Switch [Video] Microsoft unveils the Tech Series Xbox One Wireless Controllers with laser-etched graphics Add turn signals and a rearview mirror to your bicycle with Hexagon Lomography’s new Automat Instant Camera packs an impressive 38mm wide-angle lens Grovemade’s new “indestructible” Key Ring is made from a solid block of anodized aluminum Anker unveils new Powerline II Dura MFi Lightning Cables with a lifetime warranty Sobro is the ‘cooler coffee table’ that features an integrated refrigerator drawer, and more An eBike with 90+ mile range has hit Kickstarter, check out the Stealth P-7 Electric Montblanc’s Summit smartwatch pairs luxurious design with Google Assistant and more Create your own iconic NES-era 8-bit theme songs with the Arcano Chiptune Synth II [Video] Arc’s 121C Aileron is the “world’s first” pure carbon electric skateboard Denon takes on your home theater (and Sonos) with its pricey new HEOS Bar and Sub UrbanX is the low cost solution that converts any bicycle into an eBike in 60 seconds Stephen Hall @hallstephenj Stephen is Managing Editor at 9to5Google. Twitter DMs are open. Tips always welcome, never expected. Favorite Gear 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar Anker PowerCore 26800 Amazon Echo Dot Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Mar 28, 4:12 PM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology How To Change Your iCloud Password: Apple Denies Hackers Stole iCloud Credentials By AJ Dellinger On 03/23/17 AT 3:45 PM Close Apple reassured customers that its servers have not been breached and user iCloud information has not been stolen despite claims made earlier this week by a hacker group attempting to blackmail the company over stolen usernames and passwords. “There have not been any breaches in any of Apple’s systems including iCloud and Apple ID. The alleged list of email addresses and passwords appears to have been obtained from previously compromised third-party services,” a spokesperson for Apple told Fortune. Read: Apple, iCloud Accounts Stolen? Hackers Blackmailing Apple Over Supposed Stolen Credentials The hacking collective known as the Turkish Crime Family claimed to be in possession of Apple login credentials earlier this week. The group said it has access to hundreds of millions of iCloud and Apple accounts and intends to wipe the devices associated with those accounts if Apple doesn’t pay a ransom. In response to Apple’s statement, the hacking group confirmed it did not actively breach the company’s servers but rather collected the information from prior data breaches that have made their way online. “The entire [database] was acquired and built from multiple [databases] that we have been selling in the past five years,” the group said in a statement. According to the collective, they chose to hang on to emails with @icloud.com, @me.com and @mac.com domains—all of which belong to Apple. The group claims it has been sent more credentials from other people, which has added to the total number of accounts in their possession. The number of accounts the group has claimed has ranged from anywhere between 200 million to 750 million. In its most recent statement, the Turkish Crime Family claimed to have verified about 250 million accounts are currently active. The seven-person group is requesting payment from Apple of $100,000 per person or $1 million worth in iTunes vouchers. The group said it has made other, private requests that it will not share for fear it would ruin relations between the group and Apple. Read: Russian Hackers Blackmail US Liberal Groups After Stealing Emails And Documents, Report Says The Next Web reported it was provided a small sample of the credentials and was able to successfully login to some of the accounts, meaning at the very least it does seem the Turkish Crime Family has access to some Apple accounts—though it’s impossible to say how many exactly. How To Change Your iCloud Password Because of the number data breaches in the past few years, the biggest risk for users is reusing passwords that have been compromised. If your password appears in one leak, it could be used to access any number of your accounts that use the same password. To check and see if your account may have been involved in a previous leak, check Have I Been Pwned? The site has a database of more than 200 breaches and will alert you if your email account is present in any of them. If it is, or if you just want to take the extra precaution to change your iCloud password, here’s what you need to do. Sign in to your Apple ID account page. Go to the Security section and click “Change Password.” Enter your current password, then create a new password. You’ll be asked to confirm the new password is correct. Then click “Change Password.” This will apply the change, and you will be able to sign in to your Apple ID with your new password. Related Stories WikiLeaks Releases CIA Tools For Hacking Macs And iPhones Apple Blackmailed By Hackers Over Alleged Stolen Apple Credentials Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Most Read Business How To Get The New Adidas Originals x Alexander Wang Pieces What you need to know about the two installment releases. Technology Apple Keeps Taking Down This Drone Notification App From the App Store After multiple rejections, Apple finally allowed the drone notification app Metadata on its App Store on Tuesday, only to take it down hours late. World U.S. Munitions Could Not Have Blown Up Mosul Building: Army The top U.S. commander in Iraq said its March 17 airstrike in Mosul could have been a combination of ISIS' improvised explosive devices. National Hillary Clinton To Address California Business Women Last year's Democratic presidential nominee will deliver the closing remarks at the PBWN conference in San Francisco on Tuesday. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software The Midnight Black OnePlus 3T is finally available for purchase 58 minutes ago Telegram Messenger receives UI overhaul on Windows phones 1 hour ago Lenovo announces the VR-ready ThinkStation P320 3 hours ago Samsung's hottest announcement is on the way, but its stores can't stand the heat 3 hours ago View all recent news Telegram Messenger receives UI overhaul on Windows phones 1 hour ago Lenovo announces the VR-ready ThinkStation P320 3 hours ago Microsoft "responded in under 30 minutes" to email info request after London terror attack 7 hours ago Windows 10 Creators Update is now available to install using Microsoft's Update Assistant 9 hours ago View all Microsoft news Google Home will be available in the UK from April 6, priced at £129 10 hours ago Google loses over 250 YouTube advertisers due to misplaced ads on extremist videos 23 hours ago Google reintroduces "Free App of the Week" section on the Play Store Mar 27, 2017 LG G6 unboxing and first impressions Mar 26, 2017 View all Google news Apple releases iOS 10.3, macOS 10.12.4 Sierra, watchOS 3.2, and tvOS 10.2 to the public Mar 27, 2017 T-Mobile updates some of its protection plans to include AppleCare Mar 27, 2017 7 Days: A week of Android announcements, Windows 10 anticipation, and fresh fruit Mar 25, 2017 Apple's new iPad, iPhone SE, and PRODUCT(RED) iPhone 7 are on sale now Mar 24, 2017 View all Apple news LosslessCut 1.6.0 14 hours ago Bandizip 6.0 out of beta, final version released Mar 27, 2017 Chasys Draw IES 4.44.01 Mar 27, 2017 PeaZip 6.4.0 Mar 27, 2017 View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Logitech BRIO review: The best webcam you can buy 6 hours ago Oukitel U15S review: A combination of wrong choices Mar 20, 2017 Nintendo Switch Review: Jack of all trades or master (system) of none? Mar 12, 2017 ZTE Blade V8 Pro Review: A phone that attempts to deliver everything you want for under $230 Mar 7, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials Unboxing and application of the Spigen GLAS.tR SLIM HD screen protector for Nintendo Switch Mar 27, 2017 LG G6 unboxing and first impressions Mar 26, 2017 Unboxing the Nintendo Switch Pro Controller Mar 24, 2017 Official Nintendo Switch unboxing video debuts, this time it's not a stolen unit Feb 22, 2017 View all unboxings ISOs for Windows 10 Creators Update build 15063 can now be downloaded from Microsoft [Update] 19 hours ago Windows 10 Creators Update is now available to install using Microsoft's Update Assistant 9 hours ago LastPass working on security update for newly discovered browser extension vulnerability Mar 27, 2017 Destiny 2 becomes official 23 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Save over $500 off The Ultimate DevOps Mastery Bundle - price dropped to just $35 6 hours ago Save 52% off the Porta Memory 3-Pronged Flash Drive - get for just $59.95 via Neowin Deals Mar 27, 2017 Get this this ISACA Certified Information Systems Auditor Training for just $29 Mar 24, 2017 Get a a lifetime subscription to TNT Stream Unblocker Plus for just $39.99 via Neowin Deals Mar 23, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Apple drops references to (PRODUCT)RED for its new red iPhones in China By Andy Weir Senior News Editor Neowin LLC @gcaweir · Mar 23, 2017 with 7 comments On Tuesday, Apple unveiled a new color option for the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus that it launched last year. The new red models are co-branded as (PRODUCT)RED, as part of its collaboration with (RED), an alliance that raises funds to help combat the spread and effects of HIV/AIDS in Africa. Apple is by far the largest donor to the fund, having contributed over $130 million so far, as a portion of the sales of each (PRODUCT)RED device that's purchased goes to the charitable organization. However, in China, Apple has dropped the (PRODUCT)RED branding from the new red models. Fortune asked Apple to comment on its decision, but the company did not respond. Apple's website in China simply refers to the red color option as a 'special edition'; it also omits any reference to its contributions towards helping to "deliver an AIDS-free generation" that can be found on its US site. In the absence of an official comment from the company, Mashable has suggested one possible explanation, after speaking with Dr Jingsi Christina Wu, Assistant Professor of Journalism, Media Studies and Public Relations at Hofstra University. HIV/AIDS "is a big public health and social issue" in China, she explained, but added: "Officially and politically, the government still has a very cautious approach." It seems possible that Apple's desire to avoid offending or antagonizing the Chinese government may have influenced its decision. The red options have proved popular so far in China. Retailer JD.com got more than 310,000 registrations in the first 24 hours after publishing its product page for the device, and that number has since increased to almost 410,000 at time of writing. Source: Fortune Tags Apple Iphone 7 Iphone 7 plus Product red China Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Nokia Android smartphones coming to US, launching "in 120 markets at same time in Q2 2017" Next Story Leaked Destiny 2 posters offer a release date and confirm an upcoming beta Advertisement Community Activity Refresh Windows 10 Creators Update is now available to install using Microsoft's Update Assistant in Front Page News ISOs for Windows 10 Creators Update build 15063 can now be downloaded from Microsoft in Front Page News Samsung's hottest announcement is on the way, but its stores can't stand the heat in Front Page News How to install windows 10 (UEFI) on a second drive when you already have it installed on an NVMe drive in Microsoft (Windows) Support Network Storage WD My Cloud 2TB - Good solution? in Hardware Hangout Elon Musk has launched Neuralink; wants to turn everyone into cyborgs in Front Page News Horizon Zero Dawn in Sony Console Google Home will be available in the UK from April 6, priced at £129 in Front Page News Trending Stories ISOs for Windows 10 Creators Update build 15063 can now be downloaded from Microsoft [Update] 19 hours ago with 31 comments Windows 10 Creators Update is now available to install using Microsoft's Update Assistant 9 hours ago with 73 comments LastPass working on security update for newly discovered browser extension vulnerability Mar 27, 2017 with 5 comments Destiny 2 becomes official 23 hours ago with 1 comment Related Stories 7 Days: A week of Android announcements, Windows 10 anticipation, and fresh fruit Mar 25, 2017 Apple's new iPad, iPhone SE, and PRODUCT(RED) iPhone 7 are on sale now Mar 24, 2017 Apple launches (RED) iPhone 7 and 7 Plus Mar 21, 2017 Apple to determine what caused an iPhone 7 to start smoldering Feb 24, 2017 · Hot! deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $39.00 92% off CompTIA IT Certification Bundle $1,077.00 $49.00 95% off Complete C# Coding Bootcamp $765.00 $41.00 95% off Master Unity By Building 6 Fully-Featured Games from Scratch $30.00 $15.00 50% off Ethical Hacking A to Z Bundle $1,273.00 $39.00 97% off Show Comments 7 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Creators Update now available to install using Microsoft's Update Assistant tall promo only review Nintendo Switch: Jack of all trades or master (system) of none? nintendo switch review Oukitel U15S: A combination of wrong choices oukitel u15s The new features and improvements coming soon to Windows 10 tall promo only video LG G6: Unboxing and first impressions lg g6 There are now more than 10 million Windows Insiders windows insider Microsoft has removed all Lumia Windows phones from its UK store lumia Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS US Edition Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides Samsung Galaxy S8 iPhone 8 LG G6 Nintendo Switch Nokia 3310 VPN News WikiLeaks' latest leak reveals alleged CIA exploits for Mac and iPhone [Updated] WikiLeaks' latest leak reveals alleged CIA exploits for Mac and iPhone [Updated] By Michelle Fitzsimmons World of tech   More CIA spying tools come to light Shares Update: Apple has sent us a statement regarding the latest WikiLeaks revelations. The company says its initial assessments show the alleged iPhone vulnerabilities described only affected the iPhone 3G and were fixed when the iPhone 3GS was launched in 2009. As for the Mac exploits, Apple says these also appear to have been patched in all Macs released after 2013.  Apple's statement is in full below: "We have preliminarily assessed the Wikileaks disclosures from this morning. Based on our initial analysis, the alleged iPhone vulnerability affected iPhone 3G only and was fixed in 2009 when iPhone 3GS was released. Additionally, our preliminary assessment shows the alleged Mac vulnerabilities were previously fixed in all Macs launched after 2013. We have not negotiated with Wikileaks for any information. We have given  them instructions to submit any information they wish through our normal process under our standard terms. Thus far, we have not received any information from them that isn’t in the public domain. We are tireless defenders of our users' security and privacy, but we do not condone theft or coordinate with those that threaten to harm our users." Original story... WikiLeaks has released a new set of documents related to alleged CIA spying techniques, this time detailing tools purportedly used by the agency to gain access to Apple Mac computers and iPhones. It's calling this new leak Dark Matter.   The majority of today's document dump, part of the organization's larger Vault 7 leak, deals with ways the CIA could exploit Macs. It's unclear if these tools are still in use today or would be as effective on newer machines, though Apple has patched at least one of the vulnerabilities detailed. The first exploit is called Sonic Screwdriver, and it let the CIA execute code from a peripheral device onto a laptop or desktop while the machine was booting. The code would be carried on an Thunderbolt-to-Ethernet adapter and would execute when the target Mac powered on.  Apple recognized the potential for third-party devices to do this and patched the hole in 2015, as TechCrunch points out. Then there's Triton, an automated implant for Mac OS that can access computer files once installed on a hard drive. The CIA would allegedly alert the malware to start sending files – referred to as "payload" in the documents – a directive the agency could carry out at any time.  Related to Triton is Der Starke, a diskless version of the Triton malware that would go undetected on a hard drive. It could send data via a browser process, allowing it to fly under the radar of network monitoring systems. Three other Mac-related tools – Dark Matter, SeaPea and NightSkies – fall under a blanket term called DarkSeaSkies. Working together, these exploits operated similarly to Der Starke to stealthily retrieve data from computers. iPhone exploit Last but not least is NightSkies, described as a beacon/loader/implant tool for the iPhone 3G.  Once the CIA installed it on a phone (it would have to be done physically), the agency could track things like browser history, YouTube videos, map files and the meta data for emails.  The exploit could nab files such as the address book, SMS and call logs, execute commands on the iPhone, take full remote control of the device and upgrade itself. NightSkies would run in the background of the exploited iPhone. While all of these tools are relatively old, having the most up-to-date version of iOS and Mac OS X will provide you with the most recent security patches and therefore the best chance at keeping your devices secure. For more on WikiLeaks' Vault 7 leaks, check out our comprehensive guide. 10 biggest leaks of the past 10 years Topics iPhone Related news Samsung Gear S3 Classic just got future-proofed with LTE The best free registry cleaner 2017 Nokia's new Android phones will come to the US, no word yet on 3310 Best shows on Netflix: 40 great Netflix TV series See more World of tech news Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors 2 iPhone 7S release date, news and rumors 3 The best free video editor 2017 4 The 15 best laptops of 2017: the top laptops ranked 5 iPhone 8 release date, news and rumors 1 iOS 10.3 and watchOS 3.2 releases bring Find My AirPods, Theater Mode features 2 macOS Sierra 10.12.4 just added iPhone’s best new feature 3 How Samsung plans to reuse and recycle the Galaxy Note 7 4 Google announces Android O with battery saving features and more 5 Here’s our first look at the new smartphone from the creator of Android TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events View all events Resources Resources Reseller News Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Contact Sign In Existing Member Forgot password? Join Reseller News Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN Wikileaks documents show CIA's Mac and iPhone compromises Wikileaks documents show CIA's Mac and iPhone compromises For years, the agency has known of implants for iPhones and low-level rootkits for Macbooks Lucian Constantin (IDG News Service) 24 March, 2017 05:24 - - - - print email Comments The U.S. CIA has had tools to infect Apple Mac computers by connecting malicious Thunderbolt Ethernet adapters to them since 2012, according to new documents purported to be from the agency and published by WikiLeaks. One of the documents, dated Nov. 29, 2012, is a manual from the CIA's Information Operations Center on the use of a technology codenamed Sonic Screwdriver. It is described as "a mechanism for executing code on peripheral devices while a Mac laptop or desktop is booting." Sonic Screwdriver allows the CIA to modify the firmware of an Apple Thunderbolt-to-Ethernet adapter so that it forces a Macbook to boot from an USB stick or DVD disc even when its boot options are password protected. For example, Sonic Screwdriver can be used to boot into a Linux live CD so that the Macbook's partitions and data can be accessed from outside macOS, the manual says. More importantly, an adapter modified by Sonic Screwdriver can be used to execute Der Starke, a fileless macOS malware program that has a persistence component installed in the computer's EFI (Extensible Firmware Interface). The EFI or UEFI is the low-level firmware that initiates and configures the computer's hardware components before starting the actual operating system. It is the modern equivalent of the BIOS. An EFI implant, or rootkit, can inject malicious code inside the operating system's kernel during the boot process and will survive even if the OS is fully reinstalled or the hard disk drive is changed. Der Starke is described in another CIA document that was leaked Thursday as "a diskless, EFI-persistent version of Triton," which is "an automated implant for Mac OS X" -- spying malware that can steal data and send it to a remote server. An older implant, and possibly Der Starke's precursor, is described in a document from 2009 for Macbook Air computers under the codename DarkSeaSkies. It too has an EFI persistence module and includes a user-space module codenamed Nightskies. What's interesting about Nightskies is that it was ported to the Macbook Air from a version for iPhones. According to WikiLeaks, the iPhone version of Nightskies is designed to be physically installed onto factory fresh phones. This suggests that the CIA is compromising the supply chain and is potentially intercepting and infecting electronic device shipments before they reach the final buyer. Documents leaked by Edward Snowden in 2013 suggested that the U.S. National Security Intelligence Agency engages in similar practices. The ability to install rootkits inside the EFI of Mac computers is not new. Australian security researcher Loukas K, better known in the security community as Snare, presented a proof-of-concept EFI rootkit for Macs at the Black Hat security conference in 2012. Snare has since been hired by Apple. In 2014, another security researcher named Trammell Hudson developed a way to infect the EFI of Mac computers through malicious Thunderbolt devices. Apple fixed some of the vulnerabilities that made that attack possible, but the following year Hudson created another version of the exploit, dubbed Thunderstrike 2, together with researchers Xeno Kovah and Corey Kallenberg. Apple again fixed some of the vulnerabilities that made Thunderstrike 2 possible, and a few months later the company hired Kovah and Kallenberg. Giving that Apple now has at least three security researchers who specialize in EFI attacks and that the company has hardened its firmware against such exploits significantly since 2012, it's possible that the CIA's Der Starke's implant doesn't work on the company's latest devices. Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The ability to bypass EFI password protection and boot from a peripheral device's Option ROM has also been known since 2012 and was actually mentioned in Snare's Black Hat presentation. This method, which is used by the CIA's Sonic Screwdriver Thunderbolt adapter was finally blocked by Apple in macOS Sierra 10.12.2, released in December. After WikiLeaks released the first batch of CIA documents earlier this month, Intel Security released a tool that can help computer administrators verify if the EFI/UEFI has any malicious code. During a press conference Thursday, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange said that newly released documents are just a small part of the cache of CIA documents that his organization has but has not yet published. WikiLeaks previously promised to share unpublished information about CIA exploits and vulnerabilities with technology companies with affected products. The organization then asked vendors to agree to certain terms before it discloses the information. Assange clarified Thursday that those terms don't involve money or anything like that, but rather a commitment from vendors that they will patch any flaws disclosed to them within an industry standard time period of 90 days -- with a possible extension for hard-to-fix vulnerabilities. Subscribe here for up-to-date channel news Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the New Zealand Reseller News newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Read next ​How Kiwi partners can maximise Microsoft Teams To punish Symantec, Google may distrust a third of the web's SSL ... What will be Alibaba’s next tech channel play in A/NZ? Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Featured Slideshows What will be Alibaba’s next tech channel play in A/NZ? ARN explores 10 technologies Alibaba has in the works that could become part of its burgeoning tech channel play in the local market. What will be Alibaba’s next tech channel play in A/NZ? StorageCraft celebrates high achievers at its inaugural A/NZ Partner Awards Revealed at a glitzy bash in Sydney at the Ivy Penthouse, the first StorageCraft Partner Awards locally saw the vendor honour its top-performing partners with ASI Solutions, SMBiT Pro, Webroot, ACA Pacific and Soft Solutions New Zealand taking home the top awards. Photos by Maria Stefina. StorageCraft celebrates high achievers at its inaugural A/NZ Partner Awards Kiwi resellers make a splash on Synnex and Lenovo RotoVegas road trip ​Synnex and Lenovo hosted 18 resellers for an action-packed weekend adventure in RotoVegas, taking in white water rafting on the Kaituna River, as well as quad biking and dinner at Stratosfare​, overlooking Lake Rotorua at the top of Mount Ngongotaha​. Photos by Synnex. Kiwi resellers make a splash on Synnex and Lenovo RotoVegas road trip Related Whitepapers Datto’s State Of The Channel Ransomware Report 2016 Datto’s State of Channel APAC Ransomware Report Case Study | Protecting customers' data with all-in-one solution from Solarwinds MSP How to Sell Disaster Recovery Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. IBM strikes global AI partnership with Salesforce   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World New Zealand | CIO New Zealand | Computerworld New Zealand Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 01:54PM ​Alibaba, Fonterra eye blockchain for food safety 11:45AM Fintech emerges as key opportunity for NZ innovators 09:40AM Former Aruba exec makes the Big Switch to networking start-up Mar 28 Samsung to refurbish and resell some Note7s that didn't explode More News ​Alibaba, Fonterra eye blockchain for food safety ​How Kiwi partners can maximise Microsoft Teams Reseller News Events 30 Mar Reseller News Connect - Securing your future as an MSP 24 May Reseller News Judges' Lunch 2017 14 Jun Reseller News WIICTA 2017 View all events Featured EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 Reseller News After Hours Reseller News After Hours Women in ICT NZ Women in ICT NZ Reseller News Industry Awards Industry Awards
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 2017 iPad Updates Start with 9.7-inch iPad in Place of iPad Air 3 Josh Smith03/21/2017 The 2017 iPad update is here with a new 9.7-inch iPad that replaces the iPad Air 2. While you may want to call this the iPad Air 3, it’s technically just the 9.7-inch iPad. Apple keeps the Retina display but delivers a more attractive price-point. The WiFi iPad is $329 and the LTE iPad is $459. Apple did not announce a 2017 iPad mini at this time and there was no iPad Pro 2 announcement. The new iPad will go on sale Friday on the Apple Store online and will be available in stores next week. The 2017 iPad is available in silver, gold and space gray. Apple also announced the Apple Clips app and a Product (RED) iPhone 7. The 2017 iPad lineup arrives with the 9.7-inch iPad, which is essentially the iPad Air 3. Apple offers 32GB and 128GB storage sizes for the new 9.7-inch iPad. The increase in storage adds $100 to the price. You can also add AppelCare+ for $99. Apple no longer lists the iPad Air on the main Apple Store, though the iPad mini 4 remains highlighted for the time being. “iPad is the world’s most popular tablet. Customers love the large, 9.7-inch display for everything from watching TV and movies, to surfing the web, making FaceTime calls, and enjoying photos, and now it is even more affordable,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing in a press release announcing the new product. “New customers and anyone looking to upgrade will love this new iPad for use at home, in school, and for work, with its gorgeous Retina display, our powerful A9 chip, and access to the more than 1.3 million apps designed specifically for it.” The new 9.7-inch iPad is available in three colors. The new iPad includes Touch ID, Apple Pay and supports Slide Over, Split View and Picture in picture multitasking. The new iPad runs iOS 10 and will receive an update to iOS 10.3 in the near future. Apple packs in a new Apple A9 processor with an M9 coprocessor. The LTE model works on Verizon, AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile and GIGSKY. On the back of the new 9.7-inch iPad, Apple includes an 8MP camera and there is a 1.2mp camera on the front. Users will need a new case as the 9.7-inch iPad Pro cases will not fit and it looks like the iPad Air 2 cases will not fit the new iPad either. Apple sells Polyurethane Smart Covers for iPad for $39 in charcoal gray, white, midnight blue, pink sand and (RED). Everything We Expect Apple to Announce in 2017 iPhone 8   1 / 10 We expect the iPhone 8 from Apple this year. This is the flagship iPhone for 2017, and it may only come in one size.  Expect a huge 5.8-inch or 5.5-inch display in a phone that isn't much bigger than the iPhone 7. Apple will switch to OLED, like the screens on Samsung smartphones. Expect a new edge-to-edge display and to see Touch ID as part of a display with no physical home button.  Count on a completely new design, wireless charging and a faster processor to power what may be the most expensive iPhone yet.  We expect an iPhone 8 release date in the fall, shortly after an Apple event. iPhone 8 concept by Georgy Pashkov.     1 / 10 Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Wikileaks documents show CIA's Mac and iPhone compromises Wikileaks documents show CIA's Mac and iPhone compromises For years, the agency has known of implants for iPhones and low-level rootkits for Macbooks Lucian Constantin (IDG News Service) 24 March, 2017 05:24 - - - - print email Comments The U.S. CIA has had tools to infect Apple Mac computers by connecting malicious Thunderbolt Ethernet adapters to them since 2012, according to new documents purported to be from the agency and published by WikiLeaks. One of the documents, dated Nov. 29, 2012, is a manual from the CIA's Information Operations Center on the use of a technology codenamed Sonic Screwdriver. It is described as "a mechanism for executing code on peripheral devices while a Mac laptop or desktop is booting." Sonic Screwdriver allows the CIA to modify the firmware of an Apple Thunderbolt-to-Ethernet adapter so that it forces a Macbook to boot from an USB stick or DVD disc even when its boot options are password protected. For example, Sonic Screwdriver can be used to boot into a Linux live CD so that the Macbook's partitions and data can be accessed from outside macOS, the manual says. More importantly, an adapter modified by Sonic Screwdriver can be used to execute Der Starke, a fileless macOS malware program that has a persistence component installed in the computer's EFI (Extensible Firmware Interface). The EFI or UEFI is the low-level firmware that initiates and configures the computer's hardware components before starting the actual operating system. It is the modern equivalent of the BIOS. An EFI implant, or rootkit, can inject malicious code inside the operating system's kernel during the boot process and will survive even if the OS is fully reinstalled or the hard disk drive is changed. Der Starke is described in another CIA document that was leaked Thursday as "a diskless, EFI-persistent version of Triton," which is "an automated implant for Mac OS X" -- spying malware that can steal data and send it to a remote server. An older implant, and possibly Der Starke's precursor, is described in a document from 2009 for Macbook Air computers under the codename DarkSeaSkies. It too has an EFI persistence module and includes a user-space module codenamed Nightskies. What's interesting about Nightskies is that it was ported to the Macbook Air from a version for iPhones. According to WikiLeaks, the iPhone version of Nightskies is designed to be physically installed onto factory fresh phones. This suggests that the CIA is compromising the supply chain and is potentially intercepting and infecting electronic device shipments before they reach the final buyer. Documents leaked by Edward Snowden in 2013 suggested that the U.S. National Security Intelligence Agency engages in similar practices. The ability to install rootkits inside the EFI of Mac computers is not new. Australian security researcher Loukas K, better known in the security community as Snare, presented a proof-of-concept EFI rootkit for Macs at the Black Hat security conference in 2012. Snare has since been hired by Apple. In 2014, another security researcher named Trammell Hudson developed a way to infect the EFI of Mac computers through malicious Thunderbolt devices. Apple fixed some of the vulnerabilities that made that attack possible, but the following year Hudson created another version of the exploit, dubbed Thunderstrike 2, together with researchers Xeno Kovah and Corey Kallenberg. Apple again fixed some of the vulnerabilities that made Thunderstrike 2 possible, and a few months later the company hired Kovah and Kallenberg. Giving that Apple now has at least three security researchers who specialize in EFI attacks and that the company has hardened its firmware against such exploits significantly since 2012, it's possible that the CIA's Der Starke's implant doesn't work on the company's latest devices. Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The ability to bypass EFI password protection and boot from a peripheral device's Option ROM has also been known since 2012 and was actually mentioned in Snare's Black Hat presentation. This method, which is used by the CIA's Sonic Screwdriver Thunderbolt adapter was finally blocked by Apple in macOS Sierra 10.12.2, released in December. After WikiLeaks released the first batch of CIA documents earlier this month, Intel Security released a tool that can help computer administrators verify if the EFI/UEFI has any malicious code. During a press conference Thursday, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange said that newly released documents are just a small part of the cache of CIA documents that his organization has but has not yet published. WikiLeaks previously promised to share unpublished information about CIA exploits and vulnerabilities with technology companies with affected products. The organization then asked vendors to agree to certain terms before it discloses the information. Assange clarified Thursday that those terms don't involve money or anything like that, but rather a commitment from vendors that they will patch any flaws disclosed to them within an industry standard time period of 90 days -- with a possible extension for hard-to-fix vulnerabilities. ​CIO Executive Council member profile: Emmanuel Steve Dulvin More from CIO Executive Council Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AppleApple.HudsonIntelIntel SecurityLinuxMacsSierraSonic Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Cloud Migration: The Comprehensive Checklist to Success Accelerating digital business in the 4th industrial revolution Mastering the science of IT spend Read more Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers 2017 Trends: SD-WAN Advances Towards Mainstream Adoption Why Performance Matters When Building Your SD-WAN CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies PCI: It’s Not Just for Card Companies Anymore Latest Jobs Security Support Analyst NSW Head of Architecture, Global Financial Institution NSW Application Team Lead - ERP & Microsoft Technologies NSW New Business Lead - Professional Services (Pre-Sales) NSW Data Analyst Lead SA Contracts Manager NSW Deployment Manager | Contract VIC Delivery Executive SA Manager Portfolio Planning QLD ICT Project Manager NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next ​New influencers of IT emerge as tech spending moves away from the ... ​Ajay Bhatia new consumer boss at Carsales The week in security: Apple extortion attempt; can Blockchain protect medical devices? CSO Online 10 things you may not know about Google In pictures: CMO/CIO/ADMA Executive Connections breakfast in Sydney New era, new buzzphrase: We're headed for 'Digital Cohesion' CSO 9 biggest information security threats through 2019 LastPass is scrambling to fix another serious vulnerability Malware infection rate of smartphones is soaring – Android devices often the target Study finds devices are not wiped properly The week in security: Apple extortion attempt; can Blockchain protect medical devices? Computerworld Refurbishing Samsung Note7s for resale is a 'disastrous' plan, Gartner analyst says Microsoft winds up work on Windows 10 Creators Update Internet privacy? Who needs that? Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, prepares for Cobol, cloud, mainframes Telstra loses fight against wholesale price cuts ARN AWS partner scores $5.6 million database deal with NSW Govt No copper network price hike for Telstra Ingram Micro unwraps new-look Odin cloud platform for partners Aussie businesses hit with $589,000 in damages over pirated software use Macquarie Telecom vies for investor confidence after Vocus sell-off Techworld Report: Samsung’s flagship smartphones tank just before Galaxy S8 launch Refurbishing Samsung Note7s for resale is a 'disastrous' plan, Gartner analyst says Amazon Connect brings contact centers to the cloud Excel for Windows finally gets real-time collaboration BlueJeans teams with Dolby for teleconference audio clarity CMO Report: Internet advertising to surpass TV this year The 4-point plan needed to address media supply chain chaos Heathrow Airport’s journey towards passenger personalisation ​Coca Cola axes CMO role in global restructure Report: CMO tenure declines again Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Business  • Markets •  Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Markets > Wikileaks Releases "NightSkies 1.2": Proof CIA Bugs "Factory Fresh" iPhones Wikileaks Releases "NightSkies 1.2": Proof CIA Bugs "Factory Fresh" iPhones Thursday, 23 March 2017 (5 days ago) A new WikiLeaks Vault 7 leak titled “Dark Matter” claims that the Central Intelligence Agency has been bugging “factory fresh” iPhones since at least 2008 through suppliers.  The documents are expected to be released after a 10 a.m. EDT “press briefing” that WikiLeaks promoted on its Twitter. RELEASE: CIA #Vault7 "Dark Matter" https://t.co/pgnfeODXVB pic.twitter.com/vkI16f3vMD — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) March 23, 2017 Here is a live stream of the pending press briefing with Julian Assange: LIVE: WikiLeaks press briefing in some minutes: CIA #Vault7 "darkmatter" ask questions with #AskWL https://t.co/ldG78exSsu — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) March 23, 2017 And here is the full press release from WikiLeaks: Today, March 23rd 2017, WikiLeaks releases Vault 7 "Dark Matter", which contains* documentation for several CIA projects that infect Apple Mac Computer firmware (meaning the infection persists even if the operating system is re-installed) developed by the CIA's Embedded Development Branch (EDB).* These documents explain the techniques used by CIA to gain 'persistence' on Apple Mac devices, including Macs and iPhones and demonstrate their use of EFI/UEFI and firmware malware. Among others, these documents reveal the* "Sonic Screwdriver"* project which, as explained by the CIA, is a *"mechanism for executing code on peripheral devices while a Mac laptop or desktop is booting"* allowing an attacker to boot its attack software for example from a USB stick "even when a firmware password is enabled". *The CIA's "Sonic Screwdriver" infector is stored on the modified firmware of an Apple Thunderbolt-to-Ethernet adapter.* "DarkSeaSkies" is "an implant that persists in the EFI firmware of an Apple MacBook Air computer" and consists of "DarkMatter", "SeaPea" and "NightSkies", respectively EFI, kernel-space and user-space implants. Documents on the "Triton" MacOSX malware, its infector "Dark Mallet" and its EFI-persistent version "DerStake" are also included in this release. While the DerStake1.4 manual released today dates to 2013, other Vault 7 documents show that as of 2016 the CIA continues to rely on and update these systems and is working on the production of DerStarke2.0. Also included in this release is the manual for the CIA's "NightSkies 1.2" a "beacon/loader/implant tool" for the Apple iPhone. *Noteworthy is that NightSkies had reached 1.2 by 2008, and is expressly designed to be physically installed onto factory fresh iPhones. i.e the CIA has been infecting the iPhone supply chain of its targets since at least 2008.* While CIA assets are sometimes used to physically infect systems in the custody of a target it is likely that many CIA physical access attacks have infected the targeted organization's supply chain including by interdicting mail orders and other shipments (opening, infecting, and resending) leaving the United States or otherwise. » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: Wochit Tech - 5 days ago< > Embed WikiLeaks Releases CIA Hacks of Apple Devices 00:34 WikiLeaks has released the second volume of their CIA Vault 7 leaks today. The leak published information on a hacking project focusing on Apple devices referred to as “Project Dark Matter.” Project Dark Matter contains documentation relating to multiple CIA projects developed by the CIA’s... Recent related news WikiLeaks Claims CIA Bugs ‘Factory Fresh’ iPhones – OpEdThe latest leaks from WikiLeaks’ Vault 7 is titled “Dark Matter” and claims that the CIA has been bugging “factory fresh” iPhones since at least 2008... Eurasia Review 5 days ago - WorldAlso reported by •Softpedia •betanews •MailOnline •VOA News WikiLeaks Releases Vault 7 ‘Dark Matter’ CIA Files, Claiming iPhones Were BuggedWikiLeaks on Thursday released new Central Intelligence Agency documents, showing it developed malware to infect “factory fresh” iPhones, while the... Epoch Times 5 days ago - USAlso reported by •betanews •MailOnline Turkish Hackers Threaten To Wipe Millions Of iPhones; Demand Ransom From AppleApple can't seem to catch a break lately.  Yesterday we noted the latest WikiLeaks release which exposed yet another CIA spying scandal, this time revolving... Zero Hedge 3 days ago - Markets Apple Says It Fixed Vulnerabilities Detailed in WikiLeaks Docs Years AgoApple says those exploits the CIA used to hack into iPhones and Macs were fixed years ago.  Following the new release of CIA classified documents by the... Softpedia 5 days ago - Technology You Might Like Other recent news in Markets Where are banks going post-BREXIT? Here's who's leaving   SNAP Cracks As FACEBOOK Adds "Stories" Cable Tumbles As SCOTTISH PARLIAMENT Votes For 2nd Independence Referendum Trump To Sign "Energy Independence" Order Killing Obama's CLIMATE CHANGE Initiatives Here's The Story Behind Trump's Podesta-RUSSIA Tweet House INTEL COMMITTEE Cancels All Meetings For The Week: "Playing An Absurb Political Game" NZ Herald editorial: Premier Li Keqiang shows China means to pick up baton the UNITED STATES has dropped Ian Johnston to Lead Heidrick & Struggles' Culture Shaping in Europe, MIDDLE EAST and Africa TENCENT Makes It Harder to Bet Against Tesla 2 Reasons GENERAL MOTORS Is a Top Stock to Buy Now Twitter Facebook Page People Richard Branson Donald Trump Devin Nunes Vladimir Putin Barack Obama Current Topics Carlos The Jackal Myanmar Indochinese Tigers Alec Baldwin World Cup Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories MOVIE REVIEW: Power Rangers Has Super Mario Run Out Of Steam? Are We Alone In The Universe? Let's Ask an Astronaut MOVIE REVIEW: CHiPS Google Devices Set To Tackle Battery Life Head-On - But Will It Work? There's an Amazing Solar Eclipse Coming - And Here's How You Can See It On U.S. Soil Is Samsung's Next Smartphone a PC In Disguise? Nintendo's Finally Figured Out Switch's Technical Problems - But Is It What Fans Want To Hear? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Thursday, March 23, 2017 [Tweets] [Favorites] Apple Acquires Workflow Matthew Panzarino (tweet, MacRumors, Hacker News): Apple has finalized a deal to acquire Workflow today — a tool that lets you hook together apps and functions within apps in strings of commands to automate tasks. […] Workflow the app is being acquired, along with the team of Weinstein, Conrad Kramer, Ayaka Nonaka and Nick Frey. In a somewhat uncommon move for Apple, the app will continue to be made available on the App Store and will be made free later today. […] Apple confirmed the deal, and has said the following about Workflow: “The Workflow app was selected for an Apple Design Award in 2015 because of its outstanding use of iOS accessibility features, in particular an outstanding implementation for VoiceOver with clearly labeled items, thoughtful hints, and drag/drop announcements, making the app usable and quickly accessible to those who are blind or low-vision.” It sounds like Apple was more keen on the accessibility than the automation. Federico Viticci (tweet): Workflow doesn’t need an introduction on this website. I’ve been covering the app since its debut in 2014, and have been following every update until the last major version, which brought the fantastic addition of Magic Variables. You can catch up on over two years of Workflow reporting and tutorials here, and access even more advanced workflows in our dedicated section on the Club MacStories newsletter. At this stage, it’s not clear what Apple’s plans for Workflow in the long term might be. I have a few theories, but this isn’t the time to speculate. I’ll say this, though: Workflow has been the driving force behind my decision to embrace the iPad as my primary computer. Workflow is a shining example of the power of automation combined with user creativity and its underlying mission has always been clear: to allow anyone to improve how iOS can get things done for them in a better, faster, more flexible way. Workflow is the modern bicycle for the mind. There’s nothing else like it. John Gruber: This certainly provides ammunition against the argument that Apple no longer cares about power users. For me this is Apple’s most intriguing and exciting acquisition in years. […] Doing things the iOS way via Workflow looks cool, but whenever it comes down to it, it always feels easier to me to just wait until I’m at a Mac and create it there. The other way of looking at this is that perhaps it’s a sign that (a) Apple’s internal efforts are not as far along as we’d hope, and (b) that their plans for automation are more like Automator than supporting a language with inter-process communication. They may want to replace AppleScript on the Mac with something more limited, which would be unfortunate. Stephen Hackett: I have a million questions, many hopes and quite a few fears about this. Michael: The small, abused optimist in my brain hopes this will turn out as successful as Siri or TestFlight, but the pragmatist is afraid my most productive app on iOS is dead. David Sparks: There was another innovative application on the iPhone years ago that Apple purchased called Siri. Once they bought it, the pace of innovation slowed down and while it’s great that the Siri got incorporated into the operating system, there’s a lot of us that still miss the old version that had some crazy new innovative feature with each update. I think there’s a legitimate concern that Apple will do the same with Workflow. […] If, however, Apple absorbs Workflow into the operating system with the intention of bringing real power user tools to iPhone and iPad users, I believe they could go even further than the current third-party version of Workflow. Imagine if Apple created APIs that allowed any app to tap into Workflow’s automation tools. Imagine if we could string together automation steps that allow users to press one button and have five different applications lend a hand to getting work done. Khoi Vinh: Unlike many Apple acquisitions, this one was not just a deal for the Workflow team but for the app itself too, which signals that Apple sees value in the product. […] It now seems apparent that Apple intends to make iOS itself more open to Workflow-style automation, not less, and that’s a good thing. The kind of customization that Workflow allows is critical for the iPad, particularly, if it’s to become a true productivity platform. […] When you look at competitors like Amazon’s Alexa platform, Google Assistant, Cortana, etc., they all lack a truly elegant, easy-to-master entryway for casual users who want to customize their experiences—and that’s exactly what Workflow gives Apple. (Though don’t be surprised if these other players acquire Zapier or IFTTT soon as well.) Guy English: This is terrific! Congratulations all! We interviewed the Workflow cats a while ago. You can listen to it here. Gabe Weatherhead: That doesn’t sound like a company that’s [aggressively] pursuing automation on iOS. [Accessibility] is still a wonderful, and arguably much more important, goal for Apple, but I don’t think it’s a positive move for the people that love the app. Unlike [Panzarino], I think this is bad news for anyone that relies on Workflow to make iOS useful. If all your eggs are in that one basket then you better hurry up and build a new basket. I’d love to be wrong on this front, but I don’t think automation is a priority for Apple or for iOS. The URL support isn’t just languishing on iOS, Apple has actively killed access to some [features] in launcher apps. Nick Lockwood: I see Apple’s acquisition of Workflow as further reinforcement of their message that 3rd party extensions of the platform are not welcome. Most devs who try to build tools to expand the capabilities of iOS get shut down. The ones that don’t get acquired so Apple can control them. Dr. Drang: The big question: to incorporate it or to kill it? Jason Snell: I’m going to be positive and say that this is Apple acknowledging that this sort of functionality should be core to iOS, and that Workflow (or a successor) could be vastly more powerful if it’s given more power and control than any third-party app ever could. You could, in fact, argue that Workflow is the iOS app that Apple should’ve built itself, but didn’t. Matt Birchler: Can you imagine what Workflow could do if it had full access to the OS? I have high hopes for this move 🤞 Ole Zorn: I hope the @WorkflowHQ acquisition leads to better automation infrastructure on iOS, and not just one privileged app, controlled by Apple. Michael Rockwell: I’m not worried about @WorkflowHQ going away, but I am worried about some of their actions that integrate with third-parties disappearing. Rui Carmo: Update: and the first post-acquisition update is already out, axing support for Pocket and Google Maps (two of the things I used with it), among others. One can only hope that Apple has better plans for it than subsuming it and watering it down – at least they’re making it free, but I would very much like to see it evolve into something even more powerful under Apple stewardship, rather than languishing into obscurity… Trevor Kay: Lol didn’t take Apple long. Ryan Burnett: “Workflow Gallery submissions are no longer supported” 🙁 Marco Arment: Don’t blame Workflow or Apple for removing Google, etc. actions in last night’s Workflow update. It was lawyers, not strategy. A few weeks ago, Workflow asked all supported apps to sign a simple 1-page contract confirming permission to call our URL schemes. People sue Apple over ANYTHING, ALL THE TIME, so it makes sense for their lawyers to be overly cautious like this in an acquisition. Steve Mops: You still can provide honest release notes when you remove functionality. Previously: Thank You, Sal. Update (2017-03-24): See also: Accidental Tech Podcast. Update (2017-03-28): Josh Centers: One big question about an automation scheme based on app extensions and a Workflow front end is just how powerful it could be. Could it compare to what can be achieved with Automator and AppleScript on the Mac, or would it be closer to Workflow’s current limits? Accessibility Apple AppleScript Business Google Maps iOS iOS 10 iOS App Legal Pocket Siri Workflow App 3 Comments 3 Comments Keir Thomas March 23, 2017 2:38 PM It's a bit muddy and I'm not sure I entirely understand it either but my vision of the future for users is this: At the moment on our desktop computers we make work processes out of windows, and files. This arose historically, of course. In the glorious iOS future, we'll make processes out of apps and tasks, and I think Workflow indicates this, although it might be considered very primitive in hindsight. Apps and tasks. Two sides of the same coin for the user. It all relies on the right kind and quality of apps and tasks being available, of course, and that indicates the primacy not only of good software but of companies like Apple who have the creativity mixed in there too. Creating the right kind of tasks requires empathy and true understanding. It really is Apple's future for the taking. Leo M March 23, 2017 4:57 PM I'll be guardedly optimistic. I use Workflow up & down for much the same thing I use Automator for: one-off workflows to do this n that. Maybe Apple will take some of the ideas from Workflow and put them in Automator and vice versa? It would have been nice if Apple had retained Sal to shepherd the Workflow kids if that, in fact is what they want to do. Automator (and Workflow) are great tools for norms who don't want to get into explicit scripting & just want to use "Duplo" or visual blocks. I don't get the "Accessibilty" thing. Apple is already quite good at Accessibility. I'm guessing there will be a plugin SDK and 3rd party vendors who want Workflow integration will be coding it themseives. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ has March 23, 2017 7:35 PM Left my comments over on the Ars article. Basically, I went through a period about a decade ago of thinking "visual programming" like MIT's Scratch was the answer to making coding accessible and easy to non-programmers. Then I started creating my own end-user languages, read Papert, and figured out that since the written word has been successfully building civilizations for the last 10,000 years, it wasn't the choice of medium but the particular delivery that was the real problem. And since it's trivial to map a homoiconic text-based language to visual form representations, it makes far more sense to start with text (which is also your serialization format for file storage and exchange) and build up from there, rather than start with GUI blocks which can build neither up nor down. See also essential vs accidental complexity. The only other thing I'd say is that URL munging stinks worse'n Satan's own arsehole. Stay up-to-date by subscribing to the Comments RSS Feed for this post. Leave a Comment Name E-mail (will not be published) Web site ←  → Blog Archives Tag Cloud RSS RSS Comments Trackback Try my apps: DropDMG EagleFiler SpamSieve Copyright © 2000–2017 Michael Tsai.
Trending: Lookin’ Good! How to Get a Killer Deal on EyeglassesAmazon to Charge Sales Tax in All but 5 States50 Ways to Make a Fast $509 Golden Rules for Landing the Best Mortgage You CanCostco Releases Dozens of New DealsBoost Your Credit Score Fast With These 7 Moves Register / Login Articles Trending Lookin’ Good! How to Get a Killer Deal on Eyeglasses Amazon to Charge Sales Tax in All but 5 States 50 Ways to Make a Fast $50 9 Golden Rules for Landing the Best Mortgage You Can Costco Releases Dozens of New Deals Boost Your Credit Score Fast With These 7 Moves Categories Around The House Business Cars College Credit & Debt Eco-Friendly Family Insurance Investing Jobs & Work Real Estate Retirement Shopping Taxes Tech Travel Ripoffs Ask Stacy Video Vintage Deals Coupons Solutions MTN Solutions Center No matter what your financial situation, whether you have more debt than you can deal with or are just looking for a credit card with better rewards, we can help you find what you need. Get help with Credit Card Debt Tax Debt Student Loan Debt Credit Restoration Collector Harassment Social Security Find a new or better Credit Card Personal Loan Mortgage Brokerage Insurance Plan Car Loan Savings Account Budget Cell Phone Plan Register Login Deals Coupons Solutions Search for: Search Search for: Search Sign up for our free newsletter and we'll send you a PDF with 205 ways to save! Click here to sign up now! Sign up More Hackers Threaten to Wipe iPhones Unless Apple Pays Ransom More Great Articles! Our free newsletter is filled with articles just like this. Sign up now and get a free PDF with 205 ways to save! Sign up We respect your privacy and do not share or sell email addresses. See our Privacy Policy for more information. Daily Tips That Can Change Your Life Join our 367,482 active subscribers! Daily tips to make more, spend less, and reach your goals Fun-to-watch videos, easy-to-read articles Get any money question answered in our forums Sign up Thank you for all of the advice and news you share; it is priceless! I post so many of your things on Facebook. Please keep up the great work. Harmony These are real, unsolicited comments from our readers. Popular Videos How to Make Things Last Longer The Most Valuable Things You Can Get Free (If You Know Where to Look) 9 Secret Ways to Use Toothpaste Recent Videos How College Grads (or Anyone) Can Build Credit The Prescription for Eyeglass Savings Picking the Best Medicare Supplement Plan What's Hot 2 Types of Black Marks Might Vanish From Your Credit File SoonBorrow 6 Ways the Obamacare Overhaul Might Impact Your WalletInsurance 7 Dumb and Costly Moves Homebuyers MakeBorrow This Free Software Brings Old Laptops Back to LifeMore Obamacare Replacement Plan Gets ‘F’ Rating from Consumer ReportsFamily Beware These 12 Common Money MistakesCredit & Debt 21 Restaurants Offering Free Food Right NowSaving Money 17 Ways to Have More Fun for Less MoneySave House Hunters: Beware of These 6 Mortgage MistakesBorrow 30 Household Uses for Baby OilSave 25 Ways to Spend Less on FoodMore Nearly Half of Heart-Related Deaths Linked to These 10 Foods and IngredientsFamily 5 Surprising Benefits of Exercising Outdoors in WinterFamily 10 Ways to Save When You’re Making Minimum WageSave Boost Your Credit Score Fast With These 7 MovesCredit & Debt 7 Painless Ways to Pay Off Your Mortgage Years EarlierBorrow The Most Sinful City in the U.S. Is … (Hint: It’s Not Vegas)Family The True Cost of Bad CreditCredit & Debt 10 Companies With the Best 401(k) PlansGrow This Scam Now Tops ID Theft as the No. 2 Consumer ComplaintFamily 6 Stores With Awesome Reward ProgramsFamily 6 Ways to Save More at Lowe’s and The Home DepotSave 6 Healthful Treats for Your DogFamily New Study Ranks the Best States in the U.S.Family Thousands of Millionaires Moving to 1 Country — and Leaving AnotherGrow Strapped for College Costs? How to Get the Most From FAFSABorrow 6 Overlooked Ways to Save at Chick-fil-AFamily Ask Stacy: What’s the Fastest Way to Pay Off My Mortgage?Borrow Where to Sell Your Stuff for Top DollarAround The House 8 Ways to Get a Good Price on a Shiny New AutoCars Ask Stacy: How Do I Start Over?Credit & Debt Secret Cell Plans: Savings Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Sprint Don’t Want You to Know AboutFamily 30 Awesome Things to Do in RetirementCollege 14 Super Smart Ways to Save on TravelSave The Rich Prefer Modest Cars — Should You Join Them?Cars You’ll Soon Pay More to Shop at CostcoSave 10 Ways to Save When Your Teen Starts DrivingFamily Cybercriminals are threatening to remotely wipe hundreds of millions of iPhones and iCloud accounts. Are you in danger? By Krystal Steinmetz on March 23, 2017 Photo by blackzheep / Shutterstock.com A hacker group is trying to extort up to $100,000 from Apple by threatening to remotely wipe hundreds of millions of iPhones and iCloud accounts it claims it has accessed. The Vice website blog Motherboard reports that the hackers — who call themselves the “Turkish Crime Family” — are demanding that Apple either fork over $75,000 in cryptocurrencies Bitcoin or Ethereum or give them $100,000 worth of iTunes gift cards. In exchange, the hackers say they’ll delete the large cache of iCloud and Apple email account data they claim to have. Motherboard says the cybercriminals allegedly have access to anywhere between 300 million and 559 million accounts. The Turkish Crime Family has given Apple a deadline of April 7 to meet its demands. However, before you panic at the thought of losing all your iPhone’s data — including pictures, videos and other files — an Apple spokesperson tells Fortune that its systems are secure and have not been breached. In an emailed statement to Fortune, an Apple spokesperson writes: “There have not been any breaches in any of Apple’s systems including iCloud and Apple ID. The alleged list of email addresses and passwords appears to have been obtained from previously compromised third-party services.” According to Fortune, it’s possible the hackers’ alleged data cache is from a previous data breach at LinkedIn. Even if Apple’s response leaves you reassured that your iPhone and iCloud data are safe, this is a good reminder to take extra measures to safeguard your personal information and electronic data. For example, activate two-factor authentication and make sure you’re not using the same password on multiple sites. According to Fortune: Apple customers who secure their iCloud accounts with the same passwords they use on other online accounts—especially ones at LinkedIn, Yahoo, Dropbox, and other sites recently revealed to have suffered big breaches over the past few years—should adopt new passwords that are long, strong, and unique. For more on staying secure, check out: “7 Ways to Guard Your Wallet — and Identity — When Shopping Online“ “5 Free Tools That Identify Secure Websites“ “Change Your LinkedIn Password — and Others — ASAP“ Have you had your data stolen before? Share your experiences below or on Facebook. It's not the usual blah, blah, blah I know... every site you visit wants you to subscribe to their newsletter. But our news and advice is actually worth reading! For 25 years, I've been making people richer without making their eyes glaze over. Take 5 seconds and join our family by clicking here. You'll be glad you did. I guarantee it! Want to learn to grow your money? Sign up for our free newsletter! Sign up Want tons of ways to grow your money? Sign up for our free newsletter! Sign up Looking to get out of the rat race? Sign up for our free newsletter! Sign up Daily tips to make and save money Sign up for our free newsletter! Sign up 💰🗣📰 Read Next: 15 Painless Ways to Save $1,000 by Summer Promoted Content More Money Talks News 15 Painless Ways to Save $1,000 by Summer 30 Awesome Things to Do in Retirement Secret Cell Plans: Savings Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Sprint Don’t Want You to Know About Lookin’ Good! How to Get a Killer Deal on Eyeglasses Amazon to Charge Sales Tax in All but 5 States 50 Ways to Make a Fast $50 9 Golden Rules for Landing the Best Mortgage You Can Costco Releases Dozens of New Deals Comments Check Out Our Hottest Deals! We're always adding new deals and coupons that'll save you big bucks. See the deals to the right and hundreds more in our Deals section. Click here to explore 1,954 more deals! "Gifted" Screening for 4 for free Gap Men's Stretch 1969 Straight Fit Jeans for $17 + free shipping © 2017 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved. Newsletter About Ads Contact Contribute Scripts TV Terms Privacy Newsletter About Ads Contact Contribute Scripts TV Terms Privacy © 2017 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved. Advertising Disclosure: This site may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on links posted on this website. As Seen on TV! We air as part of the local newscast on more than 80 NBC, CBS, ABC, and Fox television affiliates around the country. Find your local affiliate on our map or contact your favorite station and tell them you want Money Talks News. × It's not the usual blah, blah, blah Articles to help you save money and build wealth, delivered daily. Sign up now and receive a free PDF with 205 ways to save! Sign up No thanks, I'm not all that into money.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple What’s next for Apple Music and Beats 1: Original content, revamped apps, more Beats, live events & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: A spring iPad event now seems unlikely, but that 10.5-inch iPad is probably still real Trending in Apple Opinion: The new low-cost iPad is further evidence of a new approach to Apple’s pricing Trending in Apple What’s next for Siri: Apple’s advantage for its Echo/Google Home competitor Trending in Apple Comment: I’m wondering whether even Apple could pull off smart glasses we’d actually want to wear Trending in Apple Roundup: Here’s everything we currently know about the new iPads coming this year March 23 AAPL: 140.92 -0.50 Apple now selling refurbished 2016 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Michael Potuck - Mar. 23rd 2017 11:57 am PT @michaelpotuck MacBook Pro View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit As we noted earlier this month, the first 2016 MacBook Pro to become available on Apple’s refurbished website was the 13-inch model without Touch Bar. Apple’s website now offers refurbished models of the 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar with savings ranging from $360-650, depending on the configuration. AirPods While we’ve seen pricing this low for an entry-level model in new condition with 256 GB of storage via 9to5Toys, Apple’s refurbished store has many models available, including custom build configurations with high storage capacities. Interesting enough, there aren’t any refurbished 15-inch models besides the 2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar offered right now. When Apple first made the 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar available there were only two models to choose from. In contrast, as of this writing there are 10 different configurations available for the refurbished 15-inch models ranging in price from $2,039-$3,649. For now there also seems to be good availability for both silver and space gray, but this can change quickly. Apple’s refurbished products come with a one-year limited warranty and a 14-day return window. Here’s how Apple describes its online refurbished store: Quality products at great prices Rigorous refurbishment process prior to sale Covered by Apple’s one-year limited warranty This will open a new window. Covered by Apple’s 14-day returns policy This will open a new window. AppleCare can be purchased Engraving and gift wrap not available for refurbished products Supplies are limited Keep in mind that supply for refurbished Apple products changes constantly, so if you don’t see what you’re looking for, keep an eye out daily. If you’d prefer to buy a new model and still save some cash, check out our deals at 9to5Toys. Michael Potuck @michaelpotuck Michael is an editor for 9to5Mac and 9to5Google. You’ll find his articles most often on 9to5Mac where he writes the weekly ‘Become Tech Savvy’ series and also covers news, reviews, and how- to’s. Favorite Gear MacBook Pro Timbuk2 Messenger Bag Logitech MX Master Wireless Mouse Guides MacBook Pro Apple's premium MacBook, built with the professional in mind. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « The Government of India has Reportedly Rejected Apple's Key Demands for Starting Full-Pledged Manufacturing | Main | Did the BBC Create a False Narrative that Apple had to Change their Aids Message for the iPhone 7 'Red' in China? » March 23, 2017 Apple invents new Safety Measures for Apple Watch and iPhone that Shuts Off Messaging While Driving In late December Patently Apple posted a report titled "Family Sues Apple for not using a patented iOS Feature Designed to shut Off Certain Apps while Driving." The patent involved in the lawsuit was filed by Apple in December 2008 and granted in April 2014. Today the US Patent & Trademark Office published a patent application from Apple that shows us their latest invention related to shutting off messaging apps from both an Apple Watch and an iPhone while driving. This is a safety feature that all smart device makers should be forced to adopt as all drivers are at risk when a driver is distracted. The problem noted in the patent filing is that Apple only commits to reducing the amount of messages coming to an iDevice while driving and not all messages. It sounds like they're purposely building in a legal safety valve which is a little disappointing. That aside, let's hope this feature goes from theory to action in the not-too-distant future. In the end, it's a safety issue that all hardware and software companies should be forced to deliver.   Patent Background   A wearable device can be worn by controllers or passengers in vehicles. A passenger may wish to enjoy full use of the wearable device, such as by interacting with applications, receiving notifications, or issuing commands by voice or touch. In contrast, a user controlling a vehicle may not want, or may not be able, to safely interact with the wearable device in the same ways that a passenger could. For example, a vehicle controller may not be able to take his or her eyes off the road or hands off the steering wheel to interact with the device.   The wearable device can also include motion sensors to collect data about the wearable device's position and orientation in space and to track changes to the wearable device's position and orientation over time. Because a user can wear the wearable device, the motion data can provide information about the user's movements. For example, when a user is running, the user's arms are typically swinging back and forth over a particular distance and at a particular frequency. If the user wears the wearable device on the user's wrist, the wearable device may be able to infer that the user is running by sensing the way the user's arm moves back and forth.   Because controllers and passengers may prefer or require different uses of the wearable device, it may be advantageous to detect automatically whether a user is controlling a vehicle and adapt its behavior accordingly to better suit the user while the user is controlling a vehicle.   Apple's Solution   Apple's invention in-part includes a wearable device (such as an Apple Watch) and techniques for accurately detecting whether a user is controlling a vehicle based on motion data or other information from wearable devices or other iDevices.   Embodiments of the present disclosure may adapt the behavior of Apple Watch according to whether the user is controlling a vehicle (e.g., driving a motor vehicle, steering a bicycle, flying an airplane, navigating a boat or ship, etc.).   For example, the wearable device may reduce the type or quantity of notifications that the user receives while the user is controlling a vehicle.     In Apple's patent FIG. 4 noted above we're able to see a set of vectors #450, 460, 470, and 480. These vectors may be measured directly or estimated from motion data.   Vector #450 represents the direction of gravity. In the example of FIG. 4, the vehicle is on relatively level terrain (relatively little or no pitch), and the direction of gravity acting on the vehicle is shown as "down," approximately perpendicular to the road or other terrain.   Vector #460 is an "axial vector" or "pseudovector" representing the angular velocity of the vehicle when the vehicle is turning. In the example of FIG. 4, in which the vehicle is on approximately level terrain, the axis of rotation of the vehicle may be correlated with the direction of gravity vector #450.   Vector #470 is an axial vector representing the angular velocity of the steering wheel when the steering wheel is turning. In the example of FIG. 4, the axis of rotation of the steering wheel may be correlated with the angle of the steering column #440. In some embodiments, the angle of the steering column in a vehicle may be adjustable.   And lastly vector #480 is an axial vector representing the angular velocity of the wearable device 420.   Apple's patent FIG. 5 represents the iPhone communicating to the Apple Watch any extra information it is gathering to the Apple Watch as further described below.   Apple further notes that in some embodiments, the motion sensors may include, for example, an accelerometer, a gyroscope, a barometer or altimeter, a magnetometer or compass, etc. The wearable device may also include a motion coprocessor, which may be optimized for low-power, continuous motion sensing and processing.   In some embodiments, the wearable device may be capable of communicating with a companion device such an iPhone. The wearable device may communicate with a companion device wirelessly, e.g., via a Bluetooth connection or similar wireless communication method. The additional sensors in the companion device may include a Global Positioning System (GPS) sensor, accelerometer, gyroscope, barometer or altimeter, motion co-processor, etc. The companion device may, for example, communicate location information based on data from the GPS sensor to the wearable device.   In one aspect, the present disclosure relates to a method, including receiving, by a wearable device, motion information from a motion sensor of the wearable device, determining, by the wearable device/Apple Watch using the motion information, that a vehicle is turning, and determining, by the wearable device using the motion information when the vehicle is turning, that a user of the wearable device is controlling the vehicle.   In some embodiments, this aspect further includes adjusting the operation of the wearable device while the user is determined to be controlling the vehicle, including wherein adjusting the operation of the wearable device comprises reducing an amount of notifications routed to a display of the wearable device. In some embodiments, adjusting the operation of the wearable device may include the wearable device ignoring a recognized gesture.   In some embodiments, this aspect includes wherein determining that a vehicle is turning includes determining an angular velocity of the Apple Watch, estimating the angular velocity of Apple Watch attributable to the vehicle, and determining that the vehicle is turning when the estimated angular velocity exceeds a threshold value of angular velocity.   In some embodiments, the system includes estimating a direction of gravity relative to Apple Watch based on the motion information from Apple Watch, determining a turning axis of the vehicle based on the estimated direction of gravity and the motion information from the wearable device, and estimating an angular velocity of the vehicle, wherein the angular velocity of the vehicle is used to determine that the vehicle is turning.   Apple's patent FIG. 6A noted above depicts a schematic representation of an Apple Watch moving while a user is controlling a vehicle; FIG. 6B depicts a schematic representation of movement of an Apple Watch while a user is controlling a vehicle.   Apple's patent FIG. 7A noted above illustrates a schematic representation of an Apple Watch moving while a user is controlling a vehicle; FIG. 7B shows a schematic representation of movement an Apple Watch while a user is controlling a vehicle.   Apple's patent application was filed back in Q3 2016. Considering that this is a patent application, the timing of such a product to market is unknown at this time.   Patently Apple presents a detailed summary of patent applications with associated graphics for journalistic news purposes as each such patent application is revealed by the U.S. Patent & Trade Office. Readers are cautioned that the full text of any patent application should be read in its entirety for full and accurate details. About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on March 23, 2017 at 01:01 PM in 1. Patent Applications, Apple iPhone, Apple Watch | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Apple Granted a Liquid Metal Patent Covering Improved Molds for Creating Parts or Device Casings Apple Granted 45 Patents Today Covering the Apple Watch Charger and Original iOS Virtual Elements & Multitouch Will Apple introduce Intel's new Optane Memory in Next-Gen Macs this year? Facebook Hires Apple Hardware Veteran to Lead VR Product Roadmap for Oculus Apple Wins Patent for Ultrasonic Biometric Sensing allowing Touch ID to be under an iDevice Display Reuters Confirms that Samsung Intends to Sell Refurbished Galaxy Note 7 Smartphones Facebook's Messenger App just added Live Location Sharing President Trump to announce new 'Office of American Innovation' today backed by Silicon Valley's Top Minds Jumbo Photos of new Apple Store Openings in China, Germany & Miami now Available Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Opinions 6. Non-Apple News 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D Technology + Facial Recognition Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Articles l l Why You Shouldn’t Use (Most) Alternative Browsers Based on Google Chrome How to Turn a Raspberry Pi into an Always-On BitTorrent Box Clearing Your Cookies All the Time Makes the Web More Annoying What Is HTTPS, and Why Should I Care? Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+ FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY Search Why Are Some iMessages Green and Some Blue on My iPhone? You may have noticed that some messages in iPhone’s Message app are green, while some are blue. What do those colors mean and does it even matter? Messages with green bubbles are normal SMS text messages. Message with blue bubbles are sent via the iMessage instant messaging protocol—a messaging platform specific to Apple devices. If you’re communicating between two Apple devices with iMessage enabled, you’ll see blue messages. If you’re communicating with any device that doesn’t use iMessage—like an Android phone, or an iPhone that doesn’t have iMessage turned on—you’ll see green messages. What Are the Advantages of Using iMessage? RELATED ARTICLE How to Eliminate SMS Fees and Text for Free There are several advantages to using iMessage. The biggest is that iMessage relies strictly on cellular data—or Wi-Fi—and not on SMS fee schedules that may be imposed by your carrier plan. This can save you from incurring any extra SMS/MMS fees. If you have a plan with unlimited texting, this won’t be a big deal to you, but it was a big deal back in 2011, when iMessage was introduced. However, that’s not the only advantage. By using data instead of SMS, iMessage has a lot more features than basic text messaging. For example, iMessage supports delivery status indicators. Underneath your messages, you can see text indicating when the messages was delivered or read. You’ll also see a message bubble with an active ellipse when someone is typing a new message to you. These features rely on the fact that your data connection is always on. RELATED ARTICLE How to Use iMessage’s New Effects (Like Invisible Ink) iMessage also sports some neat extra features if you’re running iOS 10. It now boasts a whole ecosystem of apps designed for the messaging experience. You can do silly stuff like slap stickers on conversations or more practical things like sending a quick weather report, sending money, or sharing details about a dinner reservation. iOS 10 also added a lot of fun visual effects to iMessage. You can add fun backgrounds, message that move in different ways, and even hand-drawn text. In addition, iMessage allows you to send large files easily. Most cellular providers restrict MMS file size to just a few MB, but iMessage supports files up to 100 MB. That’s a big step up from getting your MMS message rejected because it’s 3.1 instead of 3 MB. iMessage also has good support for group chat, though it can get a bit flaky when non-iOS users are added to the group. In short, unless you have some pressing concern, there’s really no reason to not use iMessage when you can. It works well when you’re on a data network, falls back to SMS when your data network is unavailable (and you’re not on Wi-Fi), and works just fine with plain old SMS/MMS when you’re messaging someone who doesn’t have an Apple Device. What If I Don’t See Any Blue Messages at All? If you’re using an Apple device and communicating with someone that also uses an Apple device, but you still don’t see messages in blue, it likely means that one of you doesn’t have iMessage turned on. To activate it, navigate to Settings > Messages. There are two relevant toggles on the Messages screen—both of which are turned on by default on new devices. Use the “iMessage” to turn iMessaging on and of. Use the “Send as SMS” toggle to specify whether the Messages app should automatically send messages via SMS when iMessage isn’t available. JOIN THE DISCUSSION (7 REPLIES) Got Feedback? Click Here to Join the Discussion Tweet Walter Glenn is a long time computer geek and tech writer. Though he's mostly a Windows and gadget guy, he has a fondness for anything tech. You can follow him on Facebook and Twitter. Published 03/23/17 DID YOU KNOW? So many tragedies have befallen airline flights labeled “Flight 191” that the majority of global air carriers have outright retired the number. BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK Why Does My New HDTV’s Picture Look Sped Up and “Smooth”? What to Do When Your iPhone or iPad Won’t Turn On How to Find and Remove Duplicate Files on Windows How to Optimize and Tune-Up Your PC Without Paying an Electronics Store 6 Types of Browser Errors While Loading Web Pages and What They Mean How to Choose the Best VPN Service for Your Needs What Is RFID, and Is It Really a Security Concern? 10 Quick Ways to Speed Up a Slow PC Running Windows 7, 8, or 10 What’s the Best Way to Back Up My Computer? Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2017 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved
Home Contact News Tips Politics Crime Terrorism Video Entertainment Weather Search Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Breaking911 Home Contact News Tips Politics Crime Terrorism Video Entertainment Weather Home Business New WikiLeaks docs show how the CIA hacks iPhones and MacBooks Business Crime Tech New WikiLeaks docs show how the CIA hacks iPhones and MacBooks March 23, 2017 0 813 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet WIKiLEAKS: Today, March 23rd 2017, WikiLeaks releases Vault 7 “Dark Matter”, which contains documentation for several CIA projects that infect Apple Mac firmware (meaning the infection persists even if the operating system is re-installed) developed by the CIA’s Embedded Development Branch (EDB). These documents explain the techniques used by CIA to gain ‘persistence’ on Apple Mac devices, including Macs and iPhones and demonstrate their use of EFI/UEFI and firmware malware. Among others, these documents reveal the “Sonic Screwdriver” project which, as explained by the CIA, is a “mechanism for executing code on peripheral devices while a Mac laptop or desktop is booting” allowing an attacker to boot its attack software for example from a USB stick “even when a firmware password is enabled”. The CIA’s “Sonic Screwdriver” infector is stored on the modified firmware of an Apple Thunderbolt-to-Ethernet adapter. “DarkSeaSkies” is “an implant that persists in the EFI firmware of an Apple MacBook Air computer” and consists of “DarkMatter”, “SeaPea” and “NightSkies”, respectively EFI, kernel-space and user-space implants. Documents on the “Triton” MacOSX malware, its infector “Dark Mallet” and its EFI-persistent version “DerStarke” are also included in this release. While the DerStarke1.4 manual released today dates to 2013, other Vault 7 documents show that as of 2016 the CIA continues to rely on and update these systems and is working on the production of DerStarke2.0. Also included in this release is the manual for the CIA’s “NightSkies 1.2” a “beacon/loader/implant tool” for the Apple iPhone. Noteworthy is that NightSkies had reached 1.2 by 2008, and is expressly designed to be physically installed onto factory fresh iPhones. i.e the CIA has been infecting the iPhone supply chain of its targets since at least 2008. While CIA assets are sometimes used to physically infect systems in the custody of a target it is likely that many CIA physical access attacks have infected the targeted organization’s supply chain including by interdicting mail orders and other shipments (opening, infecting, and resending) leaving the United States or otherwise. SEE THE LEAKED DOCUMENTS HERE. Facebook Comment SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleVIRAL: How a stranger intervened and brilliantly broke up street fight between teenage boys Next article5 ways your city manipulates and controls your behavior ---- Follow Us 177,424FansLike 184,513FollowersFollow 854SubscribersSubscribe Breaking Investor Flips Donald Trump’s Childhood Home for 50% Profit March 28, 2017 Trump moves decisively to wipe out Obama’s climate-change record March 28, 2017 President Trump declines Nationals’ invitation to throw out first pitch on... March 28, 2017 What a murdered former Russian lawmaker said in one of his... March 28, 2017 NFL approves centralized replay, puts off consideration of shortened overtime March 28, 2017 Trending Springfield Police Department Releases Video of Officer Fight – [NSFW] March 21, 2017 Abu Izzadeen aka Trevor Brooks Reported By Local Media To Be... March 22, 2017 Amber Alert Issued for 2 Indiana Kids In ‘Extreme Danger’ January 2, 2017 Border Patrol Agents Arrest 9, Seize Over 700 Pounds of Marijuana March 23, 2017 RAW VIDEO: 2 EMTs Run Over By Stolen Ambulance In NYC... March 16, 2017 Recommended Investor Flips Donald Trump’s Childhood Home for 50% Profit March 28, 2017 Trump moves decisively to wipe out Obama’s climate-change record March 28, 2017 President Trump declines Nationals’ invitation to throw out first pitch on... March 28, 2017 Buzz Investor Flips Donald Trump’s Childhood Home for 50% Profit March 28, 2017 Trump moves decisively to wipe out Obama’s climate-change record March 28, 2017 President Trump declines Nationals’ invitation to throw out first pitch on... March 28, 2017 Popular Topics U.S.22529 Video2007 Crime1595 Tech1350 Terrorism1154 Politics1042 International908 Weather752 © Copyright 2017 | Breaking911 All rights reserved
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Business Laptops Tablets Phones Hardware Security Privacy Encryption Antivirus Software Gadgets Subscribe Resources PCs Phones Printers Ultrabooks Blogs Viruses Cameras Components Computer Accessories Consumer Advice Displays E-readers Flash Drives Graphics Cards Hard Drives Home Theater Input Devices Keyboards Laptop Accessories Mobile Networking Operating Systems Optical Drives Processors Servers Smartwatches Streaming Services Storage Tablets Windows Privacy Encryption Antivirus Home Security News Newly leaked documents show low-level CIA Mac and iPhone hacks For years, the agency has known of implants for iPhones and low-level rootkits for MacBooks. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Lucian Constantin Romania Correspondent, IDG News Service | Mar 23, 2017 11:24 AM PT Credit: CIA More like this After CIA leak, Intel Security releases detection tool for EFI rootkits Apple: Macs and iPhones are safe from newly revealed CIA exploits Did the CIA hack you? Wikileaks leak may allow antivirus vendors to tell Video Why You Lost Your Windows 10 Product Key The CIA has had tools to infect Macs by connecting malicious Thunderbolt ethernet adapters to them since 2012, according to new documents purported to be from the agency and published by WikiLeaks. One of the documents, dated Nov. 29, 2012, is a manual from the CIA’s Information Operations Center on the use of a technology codenamed Sonic Screwdriver. It is described as “a mechanism for executing code on peripheral devices while a Mac laptop or desktop is booting.” Sonic Screwdriver allows the CIA to modify the firmware of an Apple Thunderbolt-to-ethernet adapter so that it forces a MacBook to boot from an USB stick or DVD disc even when its boot options are password protected. [ Further reading: How the new age of antivirus software will protect your PC ] For example, Sonic Screwdriver can be used to boot into a Linux live CD so that the MacBook’s partitions and data can be accessed from outside macOS, the manual says. More importantly, an adapter modified by Sonic Screwdriver can be used to execute Der Starke, a fileless macOS malware program that has a persistence component installed in the computer’s EFI (Extensible Firmware Interface). The EFI or UEFI is the low-level firmware that initiates and configures the computer’s hardware components before starting the actual operating system. It is the modern equivalent of the BIOS. An EFI implant, or rootkit, can inject malicious code inside the operating system’s kernel during the boot process and will survive even if the OS is fully reinstalled or the hard disk drive is changed. Der Starke is described in another CIA document that was leaked Thursday as “a diskless, EFI-persistent version of Triton,” which is “an automated implant for Mac OS X”—spying malware that can steal data and send it to a remote server. An older implant, and possibly Der Starke’s precursor, is described in a document from 2009 for MacBook Air computers under the codename DarkSeaSkies. It too has an EFI persistence module and includes a user-space module codenamed Nightskies. What’s interesting about Nightskies is that it was ported to the MacBook Air from a version for iPhones. According to WikiLeaks, the iPhone version of Nightskies is designed to be physically installed onto factory-fresh phones. This suggests that the CIA is compromising the supply chain and is potentially intercepting and infecting electronic device shipments before they reach the final buyer. Documents leaked by Edward Snowden in 2013 suggested that the U.S. National Security Intelligence Agency engages in similar practices. The ability to install rootkits inside the EFI of Mac computers is not new. Australian security researcher Loukas K, better known in the security community as Snare, presented a proof-of-concept EFI rootkit for Macs at the Black Hat security conference in 2012. Snare has since been hired by Apple. In 2014, another security researcher named Trammell Hudson developed a way to infect the EFI of Mac computers through malicious Thunderbolt devices. Apple fixed some of the vulnerabilities that made that attack possible, but the following year Hudson created another version of the exploit, dubbed Thunderstrike 2, together with researchers Xeno Kovah and Corey Kallenberg. Apple again fixed some of the vulnerabilities that made Thunderstrike 2 possible, and a few months later the company hired Kovah and Kallenberg. Giving that Apple now has at least three security researchers who specialize in EFI attacks and that the company has hardened its firmware against such exploits significantly since 2012, it’s possible that the CIA’s Der Starke’s implant doesn’t work on the company’s latest devices. Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The ability to bypass EFI password protection and boot from a peripheral device’s Option ROM has also been known since 2012 and was actually mentioned in Snare’s Black Hat presentation. This method, which is used by the CIA’s Sonic Screwdriver Thunderbolt adapter was finally blocked by Apple in macOS Sierra 10.12.2, released in December. After WikiLeaks released the first batch of CIA documents earlier this month, Intel Security released a tool that can help computer administrators verify if the EFI/UEFI has any malicious code. During a press conference Thursday, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange said that newly released documents are just a small part of the cache of CIA documents that his organization has but has not yet published. WikiLeaks previously promised to share unpublished information about CIA exploits and vulnerabilities with technology companies with affected products. The organization then asked vendors to agree to certain terms before it discloses the information. Assange clarified Thursday that those terms don’t involve money or anything like that, but rather a commitment from vendors that they will patch any flaws disclosed to them within an industry standard time period of 90 days—with a possible extension for hard-to-fix vulnerabilities. To comment on this article and other PCWorld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Security Macs OS X iPhone Government iOS Lucian Constantin is an IDG News Service correspondent. He writes about information security, privacy, and data protection. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon PCWorld PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done. About Us Contact Us Digital Edition Customer Service Gift Subscription Ad Choices Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships PCWorld CATEGORIES Business Laptops Mobile PC Hardware Printers Security Software Videos Windows IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG Permissions IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld TechHive Get PCWorld's Digital Editions Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics TSLA SQ Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Apple (AAPL) sets new all-time highs >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech > Thursday Apple Rumors: AAPL Denies Hacking Claims Apple Watch may get a driving mode in the future Mar 23, 2017, 2:11 pm EDT  |  By William White, InvestorPlace Writer Get AAPL alerts: Submit     Leading the Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) rumor mill today is AAPL denying hack claims. Today, we’ll look at that and other Apple Rumors for Thursday. Apple Hack: AAPL is denying claims made by hackers concerning iCloud accounts, reports Fortune. The tech company says that its systems have not been breached and that customers have nothing to worry about. The hacking group behind the threat calls itself the “Turkish Crime Family”. It claims to have as login credentials for many as 559 million AAPL accounts. The group has been threatening to remotely wipe millions of iPhone devices if the company doesn’t pay it up to $100 million in iTunes gift cards. iPhone 8 Launch: A new rumor claims that Apple’s iPhone 8 will launch in limited quantities this September, MacRumors note. According to the rumor, the tech company won’t be able to send out the majority of its iPhone 8 stock to customers until later in the fourth quarter of 2017. The rumor also claims that the device won’t be the iPhone 8, but rather the iPhone Pro. It also says that all of the new iPhone devices coming later this year will feature wireless charging. Watch Patent: A new Apple Watch patent may hint at the device getting a new mode for when the owner is driving, reports 9to5Mac. The patent talks about a mode that would allow the device to determine when the wearer is travelling above a certain speed. It would then automatically start showing less notifications in an effort to keep distractions to a minimum. The patent even mentions that important notifications will still show up when the mode is active. It would also let users could customize the feature for their personal priorities. Check out more recent Apple Rumors or Subscribe to Apple Rumors : RSS Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/03/apple-rumors-hacking-aapl/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 WORST Stocks to Buy Now Tencent’s TSLA Stake Is a BIG Buy Signal AMD Gears Up for War Apple Watch Series 3 Could Cut the Cord 3 Bank Stocks You Should Buy on Dips How Much Will AAPL Fall If iPhone 8 Flops? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 7 WORST Stocks to Buy Right Now The 10 Best ETFs to Buy for the Rest of 2017 3 Bank Stocks to Buy on the Dip 3 Unusual ETFs That Beat the Market 3 ‘Blood in the Streets’ Trades to Make NOW Most Popular The 7 WORST Stocks to Buy Right Now 3 ‘Blood in the Streets’ Trades to Make NOW The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for the Second Quarter The 10 Best ETFs to Buy for the Rest of 2017 7 Small-Cap Stocks That Serve Up Big Dividends 3 Bank Stocks to Buy on the Dip Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Rock Band Tool Is in Talks to Stream Album by Lucas Shaw @Lucas_Shaw More stories by Lucas Shaw March 23, 2017, 1:49 PM EDT Band’s first album in more than a decade said to spur talks Group would join Beatles, Prince in embracing industry shift Maynard James Keenan of Tool performing live on stage in 1997. Photographer: Paul Bergen/Redferns The rock band Tool is in talks to make its catalog available on streaming services in time for the release of its first album in more than a decade, according to people with knowledge of the matter, marking the end of another high-profile holdout to the music industry’s digital transition. Members of Tool have been talking to the biggest services, including Spotify Ltd. and Apple Inc., about the best way to release their music, said the people, who asked not be identified discussing the private negotiations. Lead singer Maynard James Keenan didn’t respond to requests for comment. The music services declined to comment. The hard-rock quartet, whose hits in the 1990s included “Sober” and “Prison Sex,” is one of the few major recording acts still unavailable on most streaming services. The steady flow of revenue from Spotify and its ilk have become essential to an industry still reeling from the advent of the internet, with record labels reporting sales growth for the first time in decades. The Beatles gave in to streaming services a couple years ago, and the estate of Prince put his catalog online in February. While Taylor Swift still won’t offer some of her music on Spotify, users of pay services such as Apple Music can listen to all the country-pop they want. The release date of Tool’s album is still unknown. Keenan has been in the studio recording, the band said on its website, a promising sign for followers. Formed in the early 1990s by a quartet of emigres to Los Angeles, the group’s four studio albums all went platinum in the U.S., a designation for titles that sell more than a million copies. Two songs have won the Grammy award for best metal performance. The music industry has changed dramatically since Tool’s last album, “10,000 Days,” which was released in 2006. YouTube was just a year old -- and not yet owned by Google -- Spotify didn’t exist and Apple was about to introduce the first iPhone. YouTube is now the most popular destination for music videos. Spotify pioneered the music-streaming market and Apple has followed with its own service. Tool has often taken long breaks between albums, as Keenan worked with other groups like A Perfect Circle and Puscifer. The band spent much of the past decade battling its insurer in court. Tool plans to tour this summer, including a stop at the Governor’s Ball music festival in New York. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Tesla Model 3 Ramp Up Aims to Crush BMW and Mercedes These Charts Show Alarm Bells Ringing on the Trump Trade U.S. Travel Industry Fears a ‘Lost Decade’ Under Trump Lockheed’s $29 Billion Copter Poised to Win Pentagon’s Approval Risk Rout Eases as U.S. Stocks, Dollar Trim Losses: Markets Wrap Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
ARN - Australian Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table yARN 5 for 15 Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events View all events Resources Resources ARN Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe to print Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Ad Specifications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Contact Sign in/Subscribe Existing Member Forgot password? Join ARN Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN Wikileaks documents show CIA's Mac and iPhone compromises Wikileaks documents show CIA's Mac and iPhone compromises For years, the agency has known of implants for iPhones and low-level rootkits for Macbooks Lucian Constantin (IDG News Service) 24 March, 2017 05:24 - - - - print email Distributors Australasian PC Distributors (APCD) Avnet Technology Solutions Bluechip Infotech BMS Technology Dicker Data Impact Systems Technology Ingram Micro Australia Leader Computers Synnex Westcon – Comstor Comments The U.S. CIA has had tools to infect Apple Mac computers by connecting malicious Thunderbolt Ethernet adapters to them since 2012, according to new documents purported to be from the agency and published by WikiLeaks. One of the documents, dated Nov. 29, 2012, is a manual from the CIA's Information Operations Center on the use of a technology codenamed Sonic Screwdriver. It is described as "a mechanism for executing code on peripheral devices while a Mac laptop or desktop is booting." Sonic Screwdriver allows the CIA to modify the firmware of an Apple Thunderbolt-to-Ethernet adapter so that it forces a Macbook to boot from an USB stick or DVD disc even when its boot options are password protected. For example, Sonic Screwdriver can be used to boot into a Linux live CD so that the Macbook's partitions and data can be accessed from outside macOS, the manual says. More importantly, an adapter modified by Sonic Screwdriver can be used to execute Der Starke, a fileless macOS malware program that has a persistence component installed in the computer's EFI (Extensible Firmware Interface). The EFI or UEFI is the low-level firmware that initiates and configures the computer's hardware components before starting the actual operating system. It is the modern equivalent of the BIOS. An EFI implant, or rootkit, can inject malicious code inside the operating system's kernel during the boot process and will survive even if the OS is fully reinstalled or the hard disk drive is changed. Der Starke is described in another CIA document that was leaked Thursday as "a diskless, EFI-persistent version of Triton," which is "an automated implant for Mac OS X" -- spying malware that can steal data and send it to a remote server. An older implant, and possibly Der Starke's precursor, is described in a document from 2009 for Macbook Air computers under the codename DarkSeaSkies. It too has an EFI persistence module and includes a user-space module codenamed Nightskies. What's interesting about Nightskies is that it was ported to the Macbook Air from a version for iPhones. According to WikiLeaks, the iPhone version of Nightskies is designed to be physically installed onto factory fresh phones. This suggests that the CIA is compromising the supply chain and is potentially intercepting and infecting electronic device shipments before they reach the final buyer. Documents leaked by Edward Snowden in 2013 suggested that the U.S. National Security Intelligence Agency engages in similar practices. The ability to install rootkits inside the EFI of Mac computers is not new. Australian security researcher Loukas K, better known in the security community as Snare, presented a proof-of-concept EFI rootkit for Macs at the Black Hat security conference in 2012. Snare has since been hired by Apple. In 2014, another security researcher named Trammell Hudson developed a way to infect the EFI of Mac computers through malicious Thunderbolt devices. Apple fixed some of the vulnerabilities that made that attack possible, but the following year Hudson created another version of the exploit, dubbed Thunderstrike 2, together with researchers Xeno Kovah and Corey Kallenberg. Apple again fixed some of the vulnerabilities that made Thunderstrike 2 possible, and a few months later the company hired Kovah and Kallenberg. Giving that Apple now has at least three security researchers who specialize in EFI attacks and that the company has hardened its firmware against such exploits significantly since 2012, it's possible that the CIA's Der Starke's implant doesn't work on the company's latest devices. Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The ability to bypass EFI password protection and boot from a peripheral device's Option ROM has also been known since 2012 and was actually mentioned in Snare's Black Hat presentation. This method, which is used by the CIA's Sonic Screwdriver Thunderbolt adapter was finally blocked by Apple in macOS Sierra 10.12.2, released in December. After WikiLeaks released the first batch of CIA documents earlier this month, Intel Security released a tool that can help computer administrators verify if the EFI/UEFI has any malicious code. During a press conference Thursday, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange said that newly released documents are just a small part of the cache of CIA documents that his organization has but has not yet published. WikiLeaks previously promised to share unpublished information about CIA exploits and vulnerabilities with technology companies with affected products. The organization then asked vendors to agree to certain terms before it discloses the information. Assange clarified Thursday that those terms don't involve money or anything like that, but rather a commitment from vendors that they will patch any flaws disclosed to them within an industry standard time period of 90 days -- with a possible extension for hard-to-fix vulnerabilities. Subscribe here for up-to-date channel news Efficiency is Key for the Modern Australian Business More from OKI Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the ARN newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Read next Aussie businesses hit with $589,000 in damages over pirated software use Cirrus Networks nets NGage in $2.5M deal Kaspersky Lab hosts partners at Australian Grand Prix​ in Melbourne ARN Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location ARN Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows Kaspersky Lab hosts partners at Australian Grand Prix​ in Melbourne Kaspersky Lab hosted partners during the opening Formula One race of the season, at the Australian Grand Prix​ in Melbourne. Kaspersky Lab hosts partners at Australian Grand Prix​ in Melbourne ARN kicks off Awards season with 2017 Judges' Lunch ARN kick-started the 2017 awards season with its annual Judges’ Lunch in Sydney, welcoming current and new judges to the panel. Set for September 14, the ARN ICT Industry Awards will honour the channel across vendor, distributor and partner categories, while also rewarding outstanding individuals and their achievements. Photos by Maria Stefina. ARN kicks off Awards season with 2017 Judges' Lunch ARN Roundtable - Chasing channel dollars in cloud security This exclusive ARN Roundtable, in association with Symantec, assessed the cloud security landscape in an Australian context, outlining the partner opportunities ahead and crucially, how the channel can create value in an ever-changing market. Photos by Maria Stefina. ARN Roundtable - Chasing channel dollars in cloud security Related Whitepapers Datto’s State of Channel APAC Ransomware Report Case Study | Protecting customers' data with all-in-one solution from Solarwinds MSP Datto’s State Of The Channel Ransomware Report 2016 How to Plan For Disaster Recovery Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Aussie businesses hit with $589,000 in damages over pirated software use   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO Australia | CMO Australia | CSO Online | Techworld | CIO Executive Council Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 06:00AM AWS partner scores $5.6 million database deal with NSW Govt 08:14PM No copper network price hike for Telstra 05:10PM Ingram Micro unwraps new-look Odin cloud platform for partners Mar 27 At home with Airtasker: The start-up's CTO Paul Keen on building for hypergrowth More News AWS partner scores $5.6 million database deal with NSW Govt Aussie businesses hit with $589,000 in damages over pirated software use ARN Events 16 May Emerging Leaders 2017 30 Jul EDGE 2017 14 Sep ARN ICT Industry Awards 2017 Industry Events 31 Mar Making Digital Transformation Real - with Transurban – SYDNEY 04 Apr AWS Partner Summit 2017 31 May World Business Forum Sydney 2017 View all events Featured Emerging Leaders 2017 Emerging Leaders 2017 EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 ARN ICT Industry Awards ARN ICT Industry Awards Women in ICT Awards Women in ICT Awards
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Golden Apple Surprises Chicago Principal With 2017 Stanley C. Golder Leadership Award Golden Apple Surprises Chicago Principal With 2017 Stanley C. Golder Leadership Award Posted on March 23, 2017 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Mrs. Phyllis Cavallone-Jurek recognized with award for top principals and heads of school Chicago, IL (PRWEB) March 23, 2017 Golden Apple, a leading nonprofit committed to celebrating and developing great teachers, today surprised Mrs. Phyllis Cavallone-Jurek, principal of St. Therese Chinese Catholic School in Chicago, with the Stanley C. Golder Award for Excellence in Leadership. Recipients are nominated by their students, community members/parents and colleagues who have directly engaged with them and benefitted from their talent and passion. This is the fourth year the Golder award has been given to a school leader. Phyllis Cavallone-Jurek, principal St. Therese Chinese Catholic School, Chicago Cavallone-Jurek is deeply involved in every aspect of the school, from shoveling snow, to serving lunch, to teaching classes herself. She is the heart and soul of St. Therese Chinese Catholic School. Parents, teachers and students seek her sage counsel and comforting guidance. She communicates a clear vision to the school community and leads by example. In 2004 when Cavallone-Jurek began as principal, St. Therese Chinese Catholic School was on the verge of closure, due to underperformance and declining enrollment. Today, the school is at full enrollment with a long waiting list and is much admired by other schools within the Archdiocese of Chicago. Under her leadership, the school has won numerous prestigious awards including the National Blue Ribbon School of Excellence (2011), due to dramatic transformation of curriculum, instruction and productivity. TerraNova, Explore and Aspire test scores now exceed national and district averages. Parents and teachers say she has never lost touch with the classroom. She knows the names of every student and parent in the school community and cares about the success of everyone. Additional information and photos of award recipients can be found on social media (#teachgolden): Twitter: https://twitter.com/goldenapple_il Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/goldenappleillinois YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/goldenapplefound Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/goldenapple_il/ Flickr: http://www.flickr.com/photos/goldenapplephotos “Strong school leadership is critical to creating an environment of learning and growing for students and teachers alike,” said Dominic Belmonte, President and CEO of Golden Apple. “Phyllis is a shining example of the positive difference that exceptional leadership makes in education. On behalf of Golden Apple, we are proud to name her the 2017 Stanley C. Golder Award recipient.” Phyllis Cavallone-Jurek will receive $10,000 to be used for her own professional development and a school project of her choosing. In addition, on May 20 at WTTW/Channel 11 Studios in Chicago, she, along with the 10 Golden Apple award teacher recipients, will be honored at the 2017 Golden Apple Awards for Excellence in Teaching and Leadership. This dynamic program will highlight the incredible work of the recipients and all they do to support teachers, transform teachers and teaching, enriching both students’ and teachers’ lives. The event will be live streamed, and include live interviews with former students and guests of the award recipients. WTTW will broadcast the awards in a one-hour television program following the event. Check goldenapple.org/awards for updated information on the broadcast dates. This week, Golden Apple also is announcing 10 recipients of the Golden Apple Excellence in Teaching Award. Click here to learn more about the recipients. About Golden Apple 2017 marks Golden Apple’s 32nd year of innovating teacher preparation and leadership to transform both the careers of teachers as well as the lives of students in Illinois. Many of our Golden Apple Award recipients give back by participating as instructors, academic coaches, and mentors in both our aspiring teachers program (i.e., “The Golden Apple Scholars”) and our professional development program (i.e., “The Golden Apple STEM Institute”). Because the critical contributor to student achievement is the quality of the teacher in the classroom, Golden Apple provides exceptional teacher preparation for teachers at all stages of their careers. Our focus is on advancing educational excellence for Illinois’ most under-served students. Scholars are recruited from the communities in which they return to serve – with a passion for teaching and a drive to create positive change for young people in their communities. We enhance their college education with exemplary advanced teacher preparation, superior resources and lifelong support, and, they, in turn, stay in teaching at a school-of-need in Illinois for five or more years. Over 600 Scholars are currently preparing to become teachers in schools-of-need throughout Illinois. Golden Apple is comprised of recognized superior educators, including Golden Apple Award recipients and finalists, leading a passionate team of devoted staff with technical and program expertise, as well as a connected and committed board of directors charged with overseeing our strategic vision. Visit http://www.goldenapple.org for more information. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/03/prweb14178658.htm Latest News Chicago Teacher Surprised with Golden Apple Award for Excellence in Teaching Oklahoma City PAINWeekEnd: Pain Management CE/CME Conference for The Main Street Practitioner on April 22 Crowley Makes History in San Juan with Arrival of New Cranes (VIDEO) Golden Apple Surprises Chicago Principal With 2017 Stanley C. Golder Leadership Award InfoTrends to Speak at Xploration 17 Customer Communications Conference Daniel Zurbrigg, Owner of House Doctors of Naples, Receives National Brand Ambassador Award House Doctors Recognizes 11 Franchisees for Sales Growth Texas Physical Therapy Specialists Announces Gruene Clinic Opening Public Health Accreditation Board’s Rigorous National Standards Now Benefiting 178 Million U.S. Residents Job Distribution, Taxonomy and Replication Via Job Wrapping – SpiderMount © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Photos Videos Topics Live SA 80/5 (39) - NZ 489/10 (162.1) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Ravindra Gaikwad Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home Sci/Tech WikiLeaks releases CIA hacks of Apple Mac computers Shares1 Thu, 23 Mar 2017-11:51pm , PTI The Central Intelligence Agency is able to permanently infect an Apple Mac computer so that even reinstalling the operating system will not erase the bug, according to documents published today by WikiLeaks. In its second release allegedly from the CIA's arsenal of hacking tools, WikiLeaks also said that it appears the US spy agency has been able since 2008 to insert it bugs onto new and unused iPhones by intervening in Apple's supply and distribution network. The release follows the initial publication on March 9 by the anti-secrecy group of thousands of pages of instructions and code from what it called the entire CIA arsenal of hacking tools. The documents are generally believed to be genuine although the CIA has not acknowledged this. The publication of the documents sparked a US counterintelligence investigation into how the documents leaked out from the CIA and made their way to WikiLeaks, with some people pointing fingers at the agency's use of private subcontractors as a likely source. The newest documents focus on how the CIA targets Apple's popular personal electronics to spy on users. They show the CIA developed a tool in 2012 called "Sonic Screwdriver" that can hijack an Apple computer's password-protected boot process from peripheral devices like adapters and USB drives. By doing so, they can inject a undetectable bug deep into the computer's essential firmware that will not be erased even when the computer is reformatted. The manual for the "NightSkies" bug shows that the CIA developed it in 2008 to be implanted physically in brand new iPhones. "While CIA assets are sometimes used to physically infect systems in the custody of a target, it is likely that many CIA physical access attacks have infected the targeted organization's supply chain including by interdicting mail orders and other shipments," WikiLeaks said. The documents provide a glimpse into the workings of the CIA. One showed the agency urgently trying to adapt NightSkies to a certain Apple laptop. The agency "has the opportunity to gift a MacBook Air to a target that will be implanted with this tool," one 2009 document said. "The tool will be a beacon/implant that runs in the background of a MacBook Air that provides us with command and control capabilities." (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech Scientists transform spinach leaf into beating human heart tissue Sci/Tech NASA to use mixed reality space station to train astronauts Sci/Tech Facebook's Messenger app to allow live location-sharing Sci/Tech Merging with the droids: Elon Musk's new company could allow uploading, downloading thoughts Sci/Tech Samsung will now sell refurbished safety-recalled Galaxy Note 7 smartphones Sci/Tech Facebook has removed 85% of blasphemous content: Pak minister Live Cricket Score Live SA 80/5 (39), 314/10 (89.2) NZ 489/10 (162.1) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related WikiLeaks will provide tech companies access to CIA hacking tools: Assange WikiLeaks: CIA uses popular TVs and smartphones to spy on you! CIA release report detailing UFO sightings in India Video Watch | Bhaago Grahak Bhaago: Customer gets assaulted for pointing out cockroaches in cafe! Watch: Fitness freak breaks leg in half while lifting weights Watch: 1400 dancers celebrate 'The Month of The Dance' in Spain View all Tags Central Intelligence Agency United States WikiLeaks MacBook Air Apple Mac SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News New Mexico student loses free speech appeal over anti-lesbian essay White House calls for domestic cuts to finance border wall Egypt's President to visit US next week: White House Baseball-Trump declines Nationals' invite to throw first pitch US official: Trump to meet China's Xi first week in April Sport Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Entertainment History has it: Shah Rukh Khan has BEATEN Akshay Kumar THRICE during clashes before! FINALLY! Kiku Sharda BREAKS SILENCE on the Kapil Sharma-Sunil Grover fight! Crocodile tears? Forget remorse over Sunil Grover's exit, Kapil Sharma is already back to partying! Guess who'll be the star performer at IPL opening ceremony this year! Parineeti Chopra FORCES team Golmaal to watch #MaanaKeHumYaarNahin 10 times. Their reaction is PRICELESS! Money Ford announces USD 1.2 bn investment in US auto plants CAG report underlines time and cost overrun of Raj power plant US STOCKS-Wall Street jumps, fueled by strong consumer data Lok Sabha to take up GST Bill for discussion tomorrow Warendra Sinha takes charge as MD & CEO of IFFCO-Tokio GI Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. WikiLeaks Reveals How the CIA Can Hack a Mac's Hidden Code subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Future of Mobility Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 12 hours Yes, that's right. Booze. In space. bit.ly/2nZzBX6 Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: Kena Betancur/Getty Images Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Andy Greenberg. Andy Greenberg Security Date of Publication: 03.23.17. 03.23.17 Time of Publication: 2:09 pm. 2:09 pm WikiLeaks Reveals How the CIA Can Hack a Mac’s Hidden Code Kena Betancur/Getty Images If the CIA wants inside your Mac, it may not be enough that you so carefully avoided those infected email attachments or maliciously crafted web sites designed to plant spyware on your machine. Based on new documents in WikiLeaks’ ongoing release of CIA hacking secrets, if Langley’s hackers got physical access, they still could have infected the deepest, most hidden recesses of your laptop. A new installment of leaks from WikiLeaks’ so-called Vault 7 cache of secret CIA documents published Thursday hints at the ultra-stealthy techniques the agency has used to spy on the laptops—and possibly smartphones—of Apple users when it can get its hands on their machines. The documents show how the CIA’s spyware infects corners of a computer’s code that antivirus scanners and even most forensic tools often miss entirely. Known as EFI, it’s firmware that loads the computer’s operating system, and exists outside of its hard-disk storage. “The EFI is what orchestrates the entire boot sequence. If you change something before that, you’re controlling everything,” says Karsten Nohl, the founder of Security Research Labs and a well-known firmware hacker. “It becomes part of your computer. There’s no way of knowing that it’s there, and also hardly any way to get rid of it.” Give Them the Boot The CIA’s documents describe a series of tools that agents can use to install “implants” on target machines, capable of silently monitoring everything that occurs within its operating system and transmitting it to a remote operator. One manual explains how to modify the firmware of a standard Apple Thunderbolt-to-ethernet adapter, turning it into an spyware-planting tool the CIA calls “Sonic Screwdriver.” When plugged in, the altered adapter can trick a Mac into thinking it’s booting its operating system from a spoofed network source that the adapter impersonates, allowing tweaks to its firmware even in the rare cases when the user has set a password for any changes to that deep-seated code. ‘There’s no way of knowing that it’s there, and also hardly any way to get rid of it.’ Karsten Nohl, Security Research Labs Founder That firmware implant, which the CIA calls “DerStarke,” acts as a virtually undetectable loader for the actual payload, a malware tool called “Triton,” which lurks on the machine and relays information back to its controller hidden in streams of network data that imitate a web browser. Even if the computer’s hard disk gets completely wiped, Triton will be momentarily erased—but then reinstalled on the next boot from the infected firmware. All of which, it’s important to note, would only work on older MacBooks, not more modern ones that have implemented a “secure boot” protection designed to prevent exactly this sort of firmware trickery. But WikiLeaks’ CIA documents appear to date back to 2013, suggesting the agency has had plenty of time to adjust to Apple’s security advances. In fact, WikiLeaks points to another DerStarke 2.0 document that it says is dated 2016. “It would be foolish to think that the CIA has not updated their tools as much as possible for modern systems,” says Thomas Reed, a Mac-focused security researcher at antivirus firm MalwareBytes. CIA Secrets Andy Greenberg How the CIA Can Hack Your Phone, PC, and TV (Says WikiLeaks) Lily Hay Newman WikiLeaks Just Dumped a Mega-Trove of CIA Hacking Secrets Brian Barrett Don’t Let WikiLeaks Scare You Off of Signal and Other Encrypted Chat Apps It’s also worth keeping in mind that the attacks require physical access to the computer’s USB and Thunderbolt ports. That means a victim would have to leave a computer unattended, or the CIA would have to intercept it mid-shipment, or potentially while a target is detained by police or held at a security checkpoint. For another piece of malware mentioned in the WikiLeaks release, one document makes reference to “the opportunity to gift a MacBook Air to a target that will be implanted with this tool.” The documents focus almost entirely on Mac attacks, but also include a passing reference to an attempt as early as 2008 to create similar physical access for the iPhone. It notes, though, that the mobile attack “does not have stealth and persistence capabilities.” In a response statement to WIRED, a company spokesperson wrote that the iPhone vulnerability mentioned in the release was patched in 2009 with the iPhone 3GS, and that the Mac firmware attacks were prevented in all versions of its computers after 2013. Mining Vault 7 The Mac-hacking documents represent the second WikiLeaks release this month from the secret-spilling group’s trove of CIA files. It follows an earlier release that included references to dozens of hacker exploits affecting smartphones, along with tools for compromising desktop machines and even Samsung Smart TVs. As with most of the contents of that earlier release, the new Mac-focused documents don’t seem to demonstrate the CIA developing new “zero-day” exploits, but rather repurposing the findings of the public research community. MalwareBytes’ Reed points to two talks at public hacker conferences about Mac firmware hacking that seem to precede the CIA’s own work on undetectable Mac malware. “We should not be surprised at the fact that the CIA has such tools in their toolbox,” Reeds adds. “That would be the equivalent of being surprised that a police officer has a gun.” That notion the CIA is simply doing its job, however, offers cold comfort to anyone concerned that well-resourced government hackers might seek to plant ultra-stealthy malware on their computer or smartphone. One takeaway, as always, is to avoid letting any sensitive computer leave your physical possession. And if that “ambassador” spontaneously offers you a new MacBook next Christmas, think twice about what you type into it. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. apple Hacking vault 7 Wikileaks Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular VPNs Won’t Save You from Congress’ Internet Privacy Giveaway Privacy VPNs Won’t Save You from Congress’ Internet Privacy Giveaway Klint Finley Inside the Hunt for Russia’s Most Notorious Hacker Security Inside the Hunt for Russia’s Most Notorious Hacker Garrett M. Graff I Took the AI Class Facebookers Are Literally Sprinting to Get Into Artificial Intelligence I Took the AI Class Facebookers Are Literally Sprinting to Get Into Cade Metz Tinder’s New Desktop App Pushes You to Actually Talk to People User Interfaces Tinder’s New Desktop App Pushes You to Actually Talk to People Margaret Rhodes The New Justice League Trailer Packs In Everything Wrong with DC’s Dark Movie Universe Movies The New Justice League Trailer Packs In Everything Wrong with DC’s Dark Movie Universe Angela Watercutter The Creators of Serial Are Back With a Binge-Ready New Podcast Podcasts The Creators of Serial Are Back With a Binge-Ready New Podcast Charley Locke Facebook Camera Means Snapping Is Officially the Future social media Facebook Camera Means Snapping Is Officially the Future David Pierce Scientists Hack a Human Cell and Reprogram It Like a Computer biology Scientists Hack a Human Cell and Reprogram It Like a Computer Sophia Chen More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Security Surveillance So Hey, What’s Devin Nunes Been Up to Lately? Brian Barrett Guns The Eternal Search for a Gun That Doesn’t Kill Robin Washington Cybercrime Hacker Lexicon: A Guide to Ransomware, the Scary Hack That’s on the Rise Security This Week Security News This Week: FedEx Offered Customers Five Bucks to Re-Install Flash Brian Barrett social media Instagram Has Two-Factor Authentication Now, So Turn It On Brian Barrett User Interfaces Tinder’s New Desktop App Pushes You to Actually Talk to People Margaret Rhodes We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 12 hours Yes, that's right. Booze. In space. bit.ly/2nZzBX6 Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 12 hours Yes, that's right. Booze. In space. bit.ly/2nZzBX6 Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Share Tweet iPhone 8's teardrop design 'will resemble original iPhone' Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This fb tw am yt rss Hot Topics Apple spring 2017 event rumours iPhone tips iPhone 8 rumours iPad Pro 2 rumours iPhone buying guide 2017 Latest Apple Deals » Home News iPhone News iPhone 8 latest rumours - release date, UK price, features & specs iPhone 8 latest rumours - release date, UK price, features & specs We round up rumours of the iPhone 8's release date, UK price, tech specs, new features and more. Latest: Multiple sources predict the 2017 iPhone will miss its expected September launch, due to delays related to its new 3D camera, and that it will be called 'iPhone Edition' by David Price | 27 Mar 17 Contents When will the iPhone 8 be released? What will the next iPhone be called? Where will the iPhone 8 be built? What will the iPhone 8 look like? What new features will we see on the iPhone 8? What tech specs will the iPhone 8 get? How much will the iPhone 8 cost in the UK? Leaked images and videos of the iPhone 8 When will the new iPhone 8 be released in the UK, and how different will it be from the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus? (Click here to read the latest version of this article.) The iPhone 8 rumour mill is heating up, particularly in light of the fact that 2017 is the 10th anniversary of the launch of the iPhone. There are high hopes for the next model. It's been variously suggested that the late-2017 iPhone will feature wireless charging, augmented reality and no physical buttons at all; analysts are calling it the iPhone 8, or the iPhone X, or the iPhone Edition. Some sources even think that the curvy 'teardrop' design of the next model will make it closely resemble the original iPhone. In this article, we round up all the rumours about the iPhone 8: its UK release date (and onsale date), UK price, tech specifications and new features. There's a lot to cover, so let's get started. (We also look at new iPhone rumours here: iPhone 7s rumours.) For advice on the current iPhone range, read our iPhone buying guide and best cheap iPhone deals UK. Or, if you'd like to look even further into the future (covering tech developments that come perilously close to the realms of science-fiction), read iPhone 9 and beyond: From graphene to motion charging. Thumbnail image is a concept illustration by Handy Abo Vergleich. When will the iPhone 8 be released? The iPhone 8 is likely to be released in September 2017, but there are whispers of a delay. Apple's latest batch of smartphones, the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus, were released in the autumn of 2016. (Read more: iPhone 7 review and iPhone 7 Plus review.) Apple always releases new iPhones in September, and we assume this year will be the same. Delays Logic and history both point to September, then, but multiple sources are suggesting that Apple may miss its usual date with smartphone destiny. Digitimes has predicted that "production for the new OLED iPhone is unlikely to start until September due to the redesigned fingerprint ID solution", and KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has stated that the expected new 3D camera system will cause delays: "Unless production of the OLED iPhone (expected to begin in September) gets pushed back, there is virtually no time to make changes to the 3D camera system." (Both via Business Insider.) ST Microelectronics, the company tipped to make this component for Apple, are - according to SlashGear's sources - struggling to hit volume targets and have requested additional time, although it's unclear at this point if the reported "small fire" at ST Microelectronics' manufacturing plant is a factor in all this. There's one point of optimism: BlueFin Research Partners claim that production of the iPhone 8 is ramping up earlier than expected; while they "have no indication that there has been any change in release plans for the iPhone 8/X", this does suggest that Apple has a handle on its schedule. What will the next iPhone be called? It's widely believed that Apple will release three new iPhones in autumn 2017: iPhone 7s, iPhone 7s Plus and iPhone 8, with the iPhone 8 getting the flagship features. Apple releases a full-version iPhone update every other year - such as iPhone 4, iPhone 5, iPhone 6 - and a more limited 'S' update in between - iPhone 4s, iPhone 5s and 5c, iPhone 6s. So, based on previous behaviour, we ought to get an iPhone 7s and an iPhone 7s Plus in September. But it's possible that Apple won't continue the S strategy for much longer. Many of us have pointed out that the 'tick-tock' system is a risky policy. When the average user hears that the new iPhone hasn't even been considered worthy of a full version number upgrade, they'll be put off from spending money on it. Not to mention that an S update is more confusing for buyers. In October 2016 a little extra weight was added to the 'iPhone 8 in 2017' theory. According to Business Insider, an Apple employee in Israel who solders components spoke to them about the next iPhone and referred to it as the iPhone 8 "unprompted in our conversation". Making predictions about the upcoming performance of Apple stock, analysts at Credit Suisse forecast that the iPhone 8, to be released on the iPhone's 10-year anniversary in 2017, will skip the 'S' generation in recognition of its major updates. Here's a leftfield prediction: Apple may not call its late-2017 smartphone the iPhone 7s or the iPhone 8, but the iPhone X. Timothy Arcuri, an analyst at Cowen and Company, has sent out a research note to clients predicting that the late-2017 iPhone update will be branded as iPhone X - X in this case evidently signifying the Roman numeral for 10, since the iPhone is celebrating its 10th birthday in 2017. Mac Otakara is now predicting that the late-2017 iPhone will be called 'iPhone Edition'. This would echo the branding of the most expensive model of Apple Watch, and thus impart a certain premium feel. Finally, Forbes reckons Apple is going to stop using version numbers altogether, simply calling its next smartphone 'iPhone', with an iPhone SE, iPhone Plus and iPhone Pro alongside. Macworld poll: What do you think Apple will call its next iPhone? Where will the iPhone 8 be built? Donald Trump spent much of his presidential campaign complaining about Apple and its offshore manufacturing operations, and promising he would make the company build its iPhones in the US. Now he's trying to make his promises a reality. Read more: Where are Apple products made? Speaking to the New York Times, Trump claimed to have spoken on the phone with Tim Cook and reached a degree of understanding about the matter. "I got a call from Tim Cook at Apple," reported Trump, "and I said, 'Tim, you know one of the things that will be a real achievement for me is when I get Apple to build a big plant in the United States, or many big plants in the United States, where instead of going to China, and going to Vietnam, and going to the places that you go to, you're making your product right here.' He said, 'I understand that.'" Apple has its reasons for building its smartphones in Asia, of course: labour costs are lower and there is, according to Cook, a shortage of relevant skills in the US. Moving manufacturing to America would lose Apple a lot of money. But Trump thinks he can sweeten the deal. "I said: 'I think we'll create the incentives for you, and I think you're going to do it. We're going for a very large tax cut for corporations, which you'll be happy about.' But we're going for big tax cuts, we have to get rid of regulations, regulations are making it impossible." What Trump did not claim - and past behaviour suggests he'd be singing it from the rooftops - is that Cook actually agreed to any of this, even in principle. Since then, Trump has stated in an interview with Axios that Tim Cook has his "eyes open" to the idea of building iPhones in the US, and that he "really believes [Cook] loves this country and I think he'd like to do something major here", whatever that means. Foxconn's US expansion There was another twist in this tale when it emerged on 7 December 2016 that iPhone manufacturer Foxconn is indeed pondering an expansion of its (currently relatively small-scale) US operations, in a move that is apparently expected to involve $7bn of investment and create 50,000 jobs. Eagle-eyed journalists spotted that paperwork being shown off to publicise SoftBank's US investment deal also featured Foxconn's logo, and appeared to suggest that the second figure in each pair of numbers referred to that company. (Picture credit: CNBC) Foxconn has since confirmed that it is in talks about expanding its US operations, although it has declined to comment on the figures given. "While the scope of the potential investment has not been determined, we will announce the details of any plans following the completion of direct discussions between our leadership and the relevant US officials," the firm said in a statement, according to Reuters. Design: What will the iPhone 8 look like? The year 2017 (June the 29th, to be precise) marks the 10th anniversary of the iPhone, and some suggest that Apple will want to come up with a real blockbuster of a redesign to celebrate. Noted tech blogger Robert Scoble has posted an exhaustive list of predictions for next year's iPhone, and he expects big things. "It's the 10th anniversary of the iPhone," he writes. "It's the first product introduction in Apple's new amazing headquarters. It's a big f**king deal and will change this industry deeply." (Those are Scoble's asterisks.) Design-wise, he expects that the iPhone 8 "will be, I am told, a clear piece of glass (er, Gorilla Glass sandwich with other polycarbonates for being pretty shatter resistant if dropped) with a next-generation OLED screen (I have several sources confirming this)." He also says to expect "battery and antennas to be hidden around the edges of the screen, which explains how Apple will fit in some of the pieces even while most of the chips that make up a phone are in a pack/strip at the bottom of the phone". But the range of features Scoble is expecting is overwhelming. You really need to read the post for yourself. Scoble isn't the only one predicting a big redesign for 2017. Here's what we expect. What will the iPhone 8 be made of? 9to5Mac has got hold of a report from the ever-quotable and usually reliable Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities - a report that predicts, based on the popularity of the scratch-prone Jet Black iPhone 7, that the iPhone 8 will have a (more scratch-resistant) glass front and back. "If Apple does follow through with what KGI suggests, an all-glass design could extend the glossy finish to all colours of the iPhone lineup depending on how Apple handles the design," 9to5mac says. DigiTimes (a Chinese-language website), predicts that the chassis of the iPhone 8 will be made of stainless steel and supplied by Jabil rather than the more usual manufacturing partner Foxconn, citing sources in the Asian supply chain. The site later clarified that it expects the iPhone 8 to be made of glass and steel, but that the iPhone 7s may still be made of aluminium alloy. This would be something of a surprise, given Apple's clear recent preference for aluminium; the iPhone 4s had steel bands around a glass body, but it's been all aluminium ever since. And we understand that the engineering method will be different this time: whereas the iPhone 4s was milled, the iPhone 7 metalwork will be forged, a technique that confers greater strength. How about a bit of drop-resistance? Based on patent activity, Apple is devising a viscoelastic material that would absorb impacts. The patent could make sense in all of Apple's mobile devices and laptops, but the iPhone is the obvious area to begin. Korea Herald's "source familiar with the matter", meanwhile, predicts the iPhone 8 will have a display that is made of plastic. "The OLED versions of the new iPhone will all have curved screens as Apple ordered only plastic OLED - not glass - from Samsung Display," reports the source. "Samsung is capable of supplying a little less than 100 million units." iPhone screens are already far tougher than your average piece of glass (they're made of a proprietary material called Gorilla Glass), but they do sometimes crack or even shatter when dropped. Sapphire screens would be more resistant still, and Apple is already using sapphire in the display of the Apple Watch: it's possible that the company is now ready to import this material into its smartphone line-up. Read more: What is Sapphire glass, and why is it a good idea for the iPhone? Rumoured plans to rely on an Apple-backed sapphire plant in Arizona (which had the capacity to manufacture 200 million 5-inch iPhone displays per year) fell through. But more recent reports suggest that long-term Apple supplier Foxconn is gearing up to build its own sapphire plant in Taiwan at a cost of $2.6bn. Curved screen (probably OLED) Wall Street Journal sources claim that the iPhone 8 will have a flexible curved display like the one featured on Samsung's Galaxy S6 Edge. The report is behind a paywall here. This model of the iPhone will apparently cost $1,000 as a premium option. They will be OLED screens, supplied initially by Samsung. (At present, iPhones use LCD displays, but the Apple Watch uses OLED.) A Business Korea report claims that Apple intends to move the line up to OLED displays as it would offer better colour saturation, accuracy, and brightness. Apparently this new phone won't arrive until 2018, though. This isn't the first prediction of a curved-screen iPhone. In January 2017, the Journal reported that the screen maker Japan Display, which already works with Apple, is ready to start building curved displays. And Korean sources in March 2017 claimed that a curvy 'teardrop' design would make the late-2017 iPhone closely resemble the very first iPhone released back in 2007. Nikkei, meanwhile, reckon the iPhone 8 will be curved, but with a "gentler" curve than the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. In February 2017, however, Research firm TrendForce contradicted these predictions. "Apple will not implement the curved display design for the high-end iPhone," said the firm, "because there are issues with the 3D glass in terms of production yield and drop test results." According to KGI analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who has often correctly predicted upcoming Apple products - the analyst think a forthcoming iPhone could feature a curved 5.8in AMOLED screen. If this rumour is to be true, there would be an understandable shift from Apple to get rid of the headphone jack and produce a smartphone which is immediately distinguishable over its competitors. Apple's Patent 9,146,590 refers to an "electronic device with wrap around display". And essentially it describes a curved screen that allows for more screen elements to be displayed without making the device significantly bigger. While the patent talks about a "flexible display assembly", it's important to note that this isn't a patent for a bendable screen: the flexible portion of the display is attached to the interior surface of the curved transparent housing, which "provides a rigid support structure that prevents deformation". But in January 2015 Apple was awarded a patent that suggests that the company is investigating the idea of a bendable iPhone. The patent suggests that, by making the iPhone flexible, Apple could unlock a new range of controls: the user could open an app by bending the device in a particular way, for example, or use the flexibility to control a game. Additionally, a flexible iPhone flexible ought to be more resistant to impacts and more durable. Samsung Display could be set to make flexible OLED displays for the iPhone 8. It's believed that Samsung is reaching out to display tech companies in South Korea that they can help build the displays, as the order from Apple will be huge. 'Touch Bar' style function area In February 2017 Ming Chi Kuo predicted in an investor's note that the iPhone 8 would have a function area, somewhat like the Touch Bar on the 2016 MacBook Pro. That might seem a bit odd, given that the Touch Bar adds an element of software customisability and touchscreen function to an otherwise static and hardware keyboard area, whereas the iPhone's screen is already touchscreen and software-based. It appears the function area will take the place of the (currently non-touchscreen) lower bezel and Home button, and be "an area for functions (e.g. allocation of virtual buttons)", according to Kuo. Edge-to-edge screen Apple has been awarded a patent that covers the embedding of light sensors within the layers of a display, leading to speculation that the firm intends to remove the bezels at the top and bottom of its next iPhone. Indeed, the patent - US Patent 9,466,653 - specifically describes the current requirement for bezels in the background section: "In a typical device, a light sensor is laterally displaced from an active display region of the display along a front face of the device. Additional space is therefore provided in common devices at the top, bottom, or side of the active display area to accommodate the light sensor." Instead, the patent proposes to integrate the sensor within the display: "The light sensor is a display-integrated light sensor that is integrated into the layers of the display. The light sensor may [be] interposed between the cover layer and another layer of the display such as the touch-sensitive layer, the light-generating layers, or another display layer." In January 2017 yet another patent was added to the pile of evidence that Apple plans to give the iPhone 8 an edge-to-edge screen. Patent 9,543,364, granted on 10 January, covers "Electronic devices having displays with openings" and various means by which Apple would be able to hide cameras, sensors and controls behind the screen and still allow the user to access them. Changes to the Home button (and Touch ID) A February 2017 report by Fast Company raised the possibility that the late-2017 iPhone might not have any physical buttons. It cited "a source with knowledge of Apple's plans" for this prediction. In the continuing march of miniaturisation, one of the elements of the iPhone design that's proved resistant to shrinkage is the bezel below the screen - it can't get much smaller than it already is because it needs to house the Home button. Which is why a recurring theory is that Apple will extend the screen down past the Home button, or even incorporate the Touch ID sensor that lives in the recent iPhones' Home button into the touchscreen. Technology that would facilitate such a development has been announced by a biometric R&D company called Sonavation. The tech would enable Apple to run the screen vertically edge-to-edge, with no cut-out for the Home button. The Home button could occupy the same position but appear only when needed, much like the software keyboard; and the technology for Touch ID would be bonded to the underside of the screen at the appropriate point. Last year Apple filed a patent that appeared to back up the theory that it's looking into ideas like this. Patent application number 20150036065, for "a fingerprint sensor... incorporated in a display stack in an electronic device", was filed by a number of Apple's engineers in April 2014 and published recently. Apple has been granted a patent - a different one - that also appears to refer to a Touch ID fingerprint sensor that can work through a screen. Patent 9,460,332 describes a "Capacitive fingerprint sensor including an electrostatic lens": more intriguingly for our purposes, it states that "one or more other device components, such as a display stack and/or a touchscreen may be interposed between the contact surface of dielectric structure 202 and array 206 of capacitive sensing elements". Here's one more patent for you, this one published on 14 February 2017 (but filed back in 2013), that points to the Touch ID sensor being built into the screen. US patent 9,570,002, which is titled 'Interactive display panel with IR diodes', addresses methods for incorporating a light sensor into a screen, and the ways this could be used. It focuses on the idea of dual-purpose interactive pixels, "each interactive pixel comprising an infrared emitting light emitting diode (IR emitting LED) and a sensing infrared diode (sensing IR diode)". The display would thus be capable of both emitting and sensing light. Finally, DigiTimes' sources report that Apple is planning to use its own Touch ID fingerprint-sensing technology in the iPhone 8 rather than the alternatives it was understood to be considering. "Apple has selected neither Synaptics' Natural ID touch fingerprint sensor nor Qualcomm's Sense ID fingerprint technology for its new OLED iPhones," says the site, "and decided to use its own Authentec algorithm combined with Privaris glass identification technology to redesign a new fingerprint ID solution, according to industry sources." (Via MacRumors.) Korea Herald cites "a source familiar with the matter" when reporting that Apple is exploring "new sensing technologies" that could substantially change the way Touch ID works. "The upcoming iPhone may use new sensing technology," explains the site's source, "which enables the phone to respond when users touch any side of the device. But Apple may not adopt this technology." The source doesn't specify whether the new sensors are connected to Touch ID, but it seems likely: all the talk of removing bezels and physical Home buttons and expanding the screen is going to necessitate finding a new location for the fingerprint scanner. If the iPhone becomes able to sense and analyse fingerprints on any edge, that would even remove the need for a specific Touch ID 'action' - you'd just need to pick the phone up. Some rumours suggest Apple is working on keeping the Home button and adding more features to it. There are two patents that have sparked these rumours. The first is a dynamic home button that is sensitive to gestures: you'd be able to swipe across it, or lean a thumb in one direction to scroll the screen of a game, for example, that way.  The second is pretty far out there. Essentially the concept is this: the Home button on the iPhone would be able to 'pop up' on a little spring and turn into a sort of mini-joystick for playing games. There are plenty of iOS games that would benefit from a hardware controller (this explains the enduring popularity of Bluetooth gaming controller accessories) and this sounds like a lot of fun. Read more: Best iPhone (and iPad) games But gamers remain only one section of the iPhone's audience, and it seems like a risky idea to potentially compromise the resilience of everyone's iPhone Home button (which has famously been very prone to breakage in the past) for a feature that would benefit only some users. USB-C The WSJ claims the new iPhone 8 will drop the Lightning port in favour of USB Type-C. This would be a huge call, so soon after Apple removed the headphone port on the principle that the Lightning port was a better alternative. And there are other reasons to be sceptical: Apple is rarely swayed by demands for universal rather than proprietary ports, and everybody yelled last time the company switched out the 30-pin connector in favour of Lightning - a lot of accessory makers (and accessory owners) would be sorely inconvenienced. We're not entirely convinced, to say the least. And neither is Ming Chi Kuo, who thinks the iPhone 8 will fast-charge through the Lightning port rather than bringing in USB-C. He predicts that Apple will tweak the underlying power management technology, adding "Type-C Power Delivery", rather than replacing the Lightning port altogether. The Verge believes this means that the cable will have Lightning on one end and USB-C on the other, although this isn't specified in the research note. New colour options There have been various rumours about new colour finishes. A report from Macotakara predicted that the iPhone 7 would come in Silver, Gold, Rose Gold and a new Deep Blue; while this turned out to be mistaken, Samsung's blue flagship phones appear to be among its more popular options and Apple might decide to follow Samsung's lead for the iPhone 8 generation. Designer Martin Hajek created some gorgeous concept images of a Deep Blue iPhone. See more over on Martin's website. What new features will we see on the iPhone 8? That covers design. But what new features should we expect in the iPhone 8? Fast charging According to Forbes citing infamous Apple leaker Sonny Dickson, the iPhone 8 could be the first entry in the iPhone series to feature fast charging technology. (The feature has long been requested by users, and is readily available on most if not all of Apple's Android-based competitors.) More specifically, Forbes claims that there will be a new "Tristar 3, Hydra" chip that manages the charging port.  However, it's worth noting that tech may not be compatible with existing fast charging standards as the tech isn't being produced by Qualcomm, which provides "Quick Charge" for Android devices.  In February 2017, analyst Ming Chi Kuo predicted that the iPhone 8 will feature fast-charging technology - delivering this, incidentally, via a tweaked version of the existing Lightning port rather than by bringing in USB-C as was previously expected. He predicts that Apple will add "Type-C Power Delivery" to the Lightning port's spec. Wireless charging Wireless charging didn't arrive with the iPhone 7 as some had predicted, even though Apple has been offering the feature for a while now in the form of the Apple Watch's inductive charging. As iMore's Rene Ritchie points out, inductive charging hasn't been practical for the iPhone because the technology available didn't work through an aluminium backplate, but the Apple Watch can offer wireless charging because it has a ceramic back. In July 2015 Qualcomm announced a wireless charging breakthrough that does work through metal. And the iPhone 8 may have a glass back in any case. So the iPhone's main obstacles to wireless charging are disappearing fast. Indeed, Foxconn - one of the large manufacturing firms that assembles iPhones for Apple - is reported to be testing wireless charging modules that will be included in some or all of the 2017 iPhones if the tests prove satisfactory. Further strong evidence was added to the chances of Apple bringing wireless charging to the next iPhone in February 2017, when it emerged that Apple has joined the Wireless Power Consortium industry group, as spotted by 9to5Mac. Research & analysis firm KGI Securities, and their famous analyst Ming Chi Kuo in particular, released a report in February 2017 making a firm prediction that all three iPhone models to be released in autumn 2017 will feature wireless charging, although Kuo warned that the feature would increase production costs. The charging element will generate more heat so Apple will have to incorporate a graphite layer to protect the 3D Touch component. Ming-Chi Kuo has also previously warned that Apple may bundle the wireless charger with more expensive models only; in February 2017 a report by Macotakara also predicted that this feature will require a separate accessory. Wireless charging sounds amazing, but we should stress that at the moment inductive charging has a very short range; you wouldn't be able to just sit at your desk and have your iPhone (in your pocket) charge from the plug several feet away. Rather, you'd place the device on a wired mat. However, Bloomberg reckons Apple is working on longer-range wireless charging, potentially with a range of about 1 metre using near-field magnetic resonance. And while this seems more of a long shot, some cryptic comments from the CEO of a charging company suggest Apple may be planning something even more ambitious. Steve Rizzone, CEO of Energous, spoke to The Verge before CES 2017 and dropped some big hints about the exclusive and secret "key strategic partnership" that the company signed a couple of years back and which has delayed the launch of its wireless charging tech... which has a range of 15 feet. If you can't wait until the iPhone 8 to start charging your iPhone wirelessly, read How to wirelessly charge your iPhone. Face-detection and iris-recognition In December 2014, USPTO awarded Apple a patent relating to a "personal computing device control using face detection and recognition". Current iPhones and iPads can be unlocked using just your fingerprint, thanks to the Touch ID sensor. But with this patent, future iPhones and other devices could be unlocked using facial recognition: effectively, your face becomes your password. More recently, DigiTimes has predicted that Apple is likely to launch iPhones equipped with iris-recognition technology in 2018; but at the end of August 2016 the site went further, reporting that Taiwan-based Xintec is expected to provide iris scanners to Apple for the iPhone launching in 2017. JPMorgan analyst Rod Hall backed up this theory with his own prediction that the iPhone 8 will have a 3D laser scanner for face recognition, replacing Touch ID. (Working on the current widespread belief that there will be three new iPhones in autumn 2017, Hall says the iPhone 8 will definitely get the scanner, while the iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus may or may not.) He expects the scanner to add between $10 and $15 to the production cost per unit. And there's an Apple patent to add to the pile of evidence: US Patent 20170076077, published in March 2017, describes a method for "Locking and unlocking a mobile device using facial recognition". Augmented reality and VR In the Facebook post by Robert Scoble we mentioned earlier, one of the more surprising and detailed predictions concerns augmented reality and VR. "Really amazing VR/AR/mixed reality is coming to a phone, and coming by the end of 2017," Scoble writes. "You pop it into a headset which has eye sensors on it, which enables the next iPhone to have a higher apparent frame rate and polygon count than a PC with a Nvidia 1080 card in it... You'll look through the glass in mixed reality modes (think of a new kind of Pokemon game) either in the headset, or in your hand. Apple's purchase of Metaio is going to prove very key. I won't be shocked to learn that Peter Meier, CTO there, is in charge of the next iPhone strategy and has been for years." He discusses the impact that a mixed-reality iPhone could have on the market. "Apple's entrance into this new world is like when IBM came into the personal computing world. It is that important." Scoble isn't the only pundit predicting that Apple is about to plunge into the world of augmented reality. Business Insider claims the company is already working on ways to integrate AR elements into the iPhone's Camera app. "Apple wants consumers to be able to point the phone at a real-world object and have it be recognised, according to Kris Kolo, director of the VR/AR Association and a board member of Flyby Media, an AR startup that was acquired by Apple earlier this year," writes the site. Business Insider further predicts that the iPhone's camera app will be able to recognise "and manipulate" faces in augmented reality. And we've spotted a recent Apple patent application that appears to back up all this speculation. Patent 9,488,488, for 'Augmented reality maps', describes the use of a mobile device to view live video of whatever is in front of the user, and to then superimpose images related to nearby places of interest on top of the video. Numerous Wall Street analyst firms have dissected the state of augmented reality technology and the likely nature and impact of a mooted 3D camera/scanner appearing in the late-2017 iPhone. Stephen Milunovich of UBS strikes an optimistic note, predicting that "investors could be surprised at how AR could reinvigorate the iPhone/iPad and possibly result in new products" and citing Apple's hardware expertise and large coherent user base as reasons why it can make AR work. Morgan Stanley's researchers are less convinced, raising doubts over widespread consumer appeal (noting the rapid drop-off in interest seen even by Pokemon Go) and questioning whether smartphones will have sufficient processing power. For more analyst comments on AR, we recommend Business Insider's comprehensive review of the material. Read more: Apple VR and augmented reality rumours What tech specs will the iPhone 8 get? It's hard to predict precise specs this far in advance, but it's possible to draw some broad conclusions about where Apple is headed. Let's start with... Screen resolution A report by the Wall Street Journal prophesies that Apple has big things up its sleeve for the next iPhone's screen, after turning out smartphones with lower resolutions than rivals for some years. (If you compare the iPhone 7 and Samsung Galaxy S7, for example, you'll see that Apple managed only a 760 x 1334 resolution on its 4.7-inch screen, in comparison to the 1440 x 2560 5.1-inch screen that Samsung had to offer. Comparison possibly isn't the right word to use when the difference is as pronounced as that.) The iPhone 8 will sit in Samsung's shadows no longer, according to the WSJ, which says Apple has asked suppliers to "submit prototype screens with better resolution than ones from Samsung". If this is true - and if the suppliers are able to match Apple's stipulation without pushing up price, weight or dimension, or reducing battery life or fire safety, to a degree that Apple finds unacceptable - then this would imply more than a tripling of the pixel count from one iPhone generation to the next. In February 2017 Ming Chi Kuo predicted that the (5.15in) iPhone 8 will have a resolution of 2,436 x 1,125 and a pixel density of 521ppi, far higher than the iPhone 7's 326ppi. And the 5.8in version of the iPhone 8 - the iPhone 8 Plus, presumably - will have a resolution of 2,800 x 1,242 and a pixel density of 528ppi. Screen size In November 2016, Barclays Research - via MacRumors - released a report predicting that the iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus would have 5-inch and 5.8-inch screens respectively, compared to the 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. The analysts based the prediction on the testimony of sources within Apple's Asian supply chain. The analysts warned, however, that the design "didn't sound 100 percent locked down" at this point. But in January 2017 the theory was backed up by DigiTimes predicting that Apple will launch a 5.8-inch iPhone in the second half of 2017, citing anonymous sources in the Taiwanese supply chain. And Nikkei forecasts that the next iPhone "will come in three configurations - two with liquid crystal displays and one with a 5.8-inch organic light-emitting diode display". If you're wondering how Apple will fit in that extra screen space - will the phones be bulkier than the current handsets? - then fear not. It's understood that the larger screens will fit in bodies with the same dimensions as the current generation of phones, thanks to a bezel-free design. Processor iPhones contain proprietary processor chips that you won't find in other smartphones: there's an A9 in the iPhone 6s and an A10 Fusion chip in the iPhone 7, for example. But while these are made to Apple's own design and specifications, several other companies are involved: they contain technology licensed from ARM, and are manufactured, at present, by Samsung and TSMC. But that could change by the time 2018 comes around. Intel has declared its intention of expanding its smartphone business, and is hot favourite to displace TSMC from the iPhone contract, according to the Nikkei Asian Review - an aim that may be more feasible thanks to the company's recently announced partnership with ARM. TSMC's ties with ARM have given it a competitive edge when it comes to securing the contract in the past. "Intel is definitely the most formidable challenger for TSMC," said an anonymous chip-industry executive. "There is no rivalry between Apple and Intel so it's really likely that Apple could shift some orders there. The move is also in line with Washington's policy to encourage US companies to make more products at home." Economic Daily News, however, thinks TSMC still has the gig, and will begin production of the A11 in April 2017. The site has little detail of the A11 design, but does say it will be fabricated with a 10 nanometre FinFET process, a significant upgrade from the A10 Fusion's 16 nanometres. RAM The iPhone 7 comes with 2GB RAM, while the iPhone 7 Plus offers 3GB. In February 2017 research firm TrendForce published a report predicting that the iPhone 8 (we assume they mean all models) will have 3GB RAM, which should provide a speed boost for the smaller-screen models. Storage The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus both comes in three storage configurations: 32GB, 128GB and 256GB. (The older iPhone 6s, 6s Plus and iPhone SE are available with 32GB and 128GB only.) The TrendForce report linked above suggests that Apple may phase out the 32GB model for the iPhone 8 generation. The late-2017 iPhones will come in 64GB and 256GB configurations, the firm says. Camera Apple seems to be keen to improve the camera capabilities of its iOS devices, and one patent published by USPTO in May 2014 suggests we could soon see iPhones that are able to capture "Super-resolution" photos thanks to optical image stabilisation, which is already a feature of the iPhone 6 Plus. The patent describes a system that takes a series of photographs at slightly different angles and stitches them together to create a 'super resolution' photograph. Related to the face-recognition tech we discussed earlier, Ming Chi Kuo thinks the anticipated front-facing 3D camera on the iPhone 8 will enable developers to come up with innovative new games and allow users to take 3D selfies. Battery Ming Chi Kuo has predicted that the iPhone 8 will squeeze a battery with a capacity to match the iPhone 7 Plus - 2,700mAH - into a chassis comparable to the iPhone 7. So we could see a significant battery life increase in the next generation of iPhones. Another rumour holds that Apple will take the battery developments it deployed in the 12-inch MacBook - whereby contoured, layered battery units are stacked inside the chassis in order to take up every possible inch of space - and use these to squeeze more battery volume inside the iPhone. Smartphone battery life is one of those things that everyone says is important, and once again Apple will hear many requests for improved battery life in the iPhone 8 - but you do wonder how much of a compromise the average Apple fan would be willing to make in return. As Jony Ive put it in an interview with the Financial Times' 'How to spend it' supplement, "With a bigger battery [the iPhone] would be heavier, more cumbersome, less 'compelling'." I still believe that most people would rather have a thin, relatively cheap iPhone than a fat, more expensive iPhone with an extra two hours of battery life. And since the launch of the battery pack case, anyone who would be willing to make that compromise now has an officially sanctioned alternative. How much will the iPhone 8 cost in the UK? Here are the prices of the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus; it's likely that the iPhone 8 will be priced at a similar point. iPhone 7 (32GB): £599 iPhone 7 (128GB): £699 iPhone 7 (256GB): £799 iPhone 7 Plus (32GB): £719 iPhone 7 Plus (128GB): £819 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB): £919 However, there's an alternative theory - that the iPhone 8 (or iPhone X) will break the thousand-dollar barrier in the US for the first time (this is according to Fast Company, citing a source "with knowledge of Apple's plans"), which is likely to translate to a UK price of £940 or so. Leaked images and videos of the iPhone 8 This is where we'll post leaked photos and video of the iPhone 8 and its components that we are able to dig up, as well as concept illustrations created by designers who are not affiliated with Apple. Mockup illustrations with function area, curved edge screen These image were created by AlHasan Husni. You can see how much more screen space would be opened up if Apple removed the side bezels and reduced the size of the top and bottom bezels; the screen, in fact, extends over the curved edges of the side of the device. Husni has also included the rumoured 'function area' along the bottom of the screen, taking the place of the current Home button: Function area used with augmented reality Talking of function areas, take a look at these stunning mockups by Gabor Balogh, which focus on that particular anticipated new design feature, and how it will interact with the also-rumoured new augmented reality features. 'This is 8' concept Here's a lovely iPhone 8 concept - together with some fairly detailed specs - by Handy Abo Vergleich. Concept images & video of edge-to-edge screen With rumours of an edge-to-edge display proving popular, designer Thadeu Brandao got to work on a new concept for the iPhone 8.  Coined as "the next big step" in iPhone design, Brandao's renders look stunning, with the iPhone 8 sporting a nearly bezel-less display and an embedded Home button alongside a completely redesigned iOS 11. Brandao's lovely concepts have been made into a video - an 'iPhone 8 commercial' - and posted on the YouTube channel ConceptsiPhone: Leaked photo of iPhone with Smart Connector According to a report and alleged leak from Mac Otakara, a forthcoming iPhone will feature a smart connector. Mac Otakara claims "the possibility is great" that earlier leaked images are "the real thing", and even went on to claim that the next iPhone could be as thin as 6.1mm, although there was no source provided for this information. Bezel-free iPhone An image render by Marek Weidlich shows us what the iPhone might look like if it had no bezels: Macworld poll - What do you want from your future iPhone? It's your turn. Which of these ideas appeals to you, or are you looking for something else entirely? Have you say in our poll. Tags: iPhone , Rumour Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Comments Advertisement Huawei P10 review 1995-2015: How technology has changed the world in 20 years How VR is being used to simulate space New iPad, iPhone SE & Red iPhone 7 on sale now Apple News Apple Reviews Apple How To Macworld Magazine Apple Deals Mac Forums Apple Mac iPhone Reviews iPad Reviews Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 10 Must-Have Chromecast Apps for Watching TV Entertainment 10 Must-Have Chromecast Apps for Watching TV Dan Price Love Silicon Valley? 8 TV Shows You Should Watch on Netflix Entertainment Love Silicon Valley? 8 TV Shows You Should Watch on Netflix Joel Lee Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: 12 Offline Smartphone Apps to Keep You Entertained on Your Commute iPhone and iPad Android 12 Offline Smartphone Apps to Keep You Entertained on Your Commute Khamosh Pathak March 23, 2017 23-03-2017 6 minutes 12 Offline Smartphone Apps to Keep You Entertained on Your Commute Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email We’re living in a streaming world. That’s all well and good when you’re at home, at work, or in a cafe. You can binge watch a TV show The Pros and Cons of Binge-Watching Television The Pros and Cons of Binge-Watching Television Binge-watching is a recent phenomenon that pretty much everybody has done thanks to Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon Prime. But for all of its various pros, it does also have some cons. Read More , watch a YouTube video, and stream latest releases from Spotify without sparing a thought. But things change when you’re in a plane, on a trip or on any sort of public transport. If you don’t want to get bored for hours at end, download some entertainment beforehand using the apps listed below. 1. Spotify If you’re a Spotify Premium subscriber Is It Worth Upgrading to Spotify Premium? Is It Worth Upgrading to Spotify Premium? Spotify Free brings you tons of music at no cost, but are the extra features of Spotify Premium worth shelling out for? Let's find out... Read More , you can download songs on your iPhone or Android phone for offline use. Spotify lets you download up to 3,333 songs on up to three devices. And as long as you connect to the internet once every 30 days, you’ll have continuous offline access to these songs. Spotify lets you choose if you want to download songs, albums or playlists individually. When you’re browsing around, tap on the Download toggle to start downloading. If you go into your Library section, you’ll be able to download your entire library in one tap. Download — Spotify for iOS (Free) | Android (Free) 2. Apple Music Paying Apple Music subscribers 10 Essential Apple Music Tips You Really Need to Know 10 Essential Apple Music Tips You Really Need to Know Since its launch in 2015, Apple Music has come a long way, baby. Unfortunately, it's still not the easiest or most intuitive service to get to grips with. Which is where we come in... Read More can download songs for offline use. You first need to add a song to your library by tapping the + button. Then tap on the download (a cloud icon) button next to a song, album or playlist to start the download. Once it’s downloaded, you’ll see a Downloaded icon with a checkmark next to the song. Apple Music also lets you automatically download everything you add to your library. On iOS, go to Settings > Music > Automatic Downloads and turn it on. When you’re in the Library section, tap on Downloaded Music to view all the music that’s stored offline. On Android, you’ll find the Download button after tapping on the three dotted menu next to songs and playlists. Apple Music also allows you to save songs directly to your SD Card. From the sidebar, tap on Settings > Downloads > Download Location and select a folder in your SD Card. Download — Apple Music for Android (Free) 3. YouTube YouTube has an Offline feature that’s available only in some countries like India, Pakistan, Egypt, Thailand, Vietnam, South Africa and more (full list here). If you’re in one of those countries, you’ll find a download button next to the video title in the YouTube app. If you’re in the US or elsewhere, the only officially way to download YouTube videos offline is to sign up for YouTube Red Is YouTube Red Worth the Money? 7 Things You Need to Consider Is YouTube Red Worth the Money? 7 Things You Need to Consider YouTube Red has made headlines, both good and bad, but is the $10-a-month subscription service actually worth the money? Here, we look at the facts, and draw some conclusions. Read More . Download — YouTube for iOS (Free) | Android (Free) 4. Netflix While the option isn’t available for everything you can stream on Netflix, you’ll still find a sizeable collection (including Netflix Original Series 15 New Netflix Originals You'll Be Watching in 2017 15 New Netflix Originals You'll Be Watching in 2017 Netflix is now producing its own original content. And some of the new Netflix Originals set to debut in 2017 definitely look like they'll be worth watching. Read More ) that you can download for offline use on iOS and Android. In the app, you’ll find a special Available for Download section in the sidebar that lists all the movies and TV shows you can download. When you’re browsing around, you’ll find the standard Download button next to movies and TV show episodes. Tap on it and the download will start. You’ll be able to monitor and pause downloads from the My Downloads section. From Settings, you’ll be able to change the quality of the download file. On Android, there’s another option called Download Location from where you’ll be able to choose any folder you want to save Netflix files to, including an SD Card You Can Now Download Netflix Content to an SD Card You Can Now Download Netflix Content to an SD Card You're no longer limited to the space on your mobile device, as you can now download Netflix content to an SD card. Caveats notwithstanding. Read More . You need to check in every 30 days with an internet connection to continue watching the downloaded media. There’s also a time limit for downloads but it depends on the content. Some will expire in seven days, some in 30 days. Netflix will send you a notification before that’s about to happen. Download — Netflix for iOS (Free) | Android (Free) 5. Amazon Prime Video One of the many benefits of a Prime membership Is Amazon Prime A Good Deal? Is Amazon Prime A Good Deal? Amazon Prime seems like a great deal, but is it? We dig into the benefits to figure out if they're worth the $99 per year. Read More is access to Amazon Prime Video, and the service has had an offline mode for a while now. When you’re browsing a movie or TV show, you’ll find a download button to the right. From Settings, you’ll be able to change the video quality for the video files as well. Download — Amazon Prime Video for iOS (Free) | Android (Free) 6. Pocket The data-friendly way of killing time during your commute is to read. Pocket can be a great way to catch up on all the articles on the web you don’t have time for. Install Pocket’s app, and their extensions for desktop browser and start saving articles. They’ll be downloaded in the Pocket app and you’ll be able to read them without internet access. Don’t want to read? Use Pocket’s built-in text to speech feature to have it read to you. Download — Pocket for iOS (Free) | Android (Free) 7. Podcast Apps Listening to podcasts is a great way to learn new things 8 Alternative Ways to Be Smarter Without Reading Anything 8 Alternative Ways to Be Smarter Without Reading Anything Reading can be time consuming and a strain on the eyes. Here are eight alternatives to become smarter without reading anything. After all, you do want to learn things always. Read More or be entertained when you can’t really do anything else 12 Podcasts Guaranteed to Make Your Commute Easier 12 Podcasts Guaranteed to Make Your Commute Easier Commuting to work can be both boring and frustrating, but many of us do it every day. Thankfully, podcasts can make your commute much more entertaining. Read More . You can listen to podcasts when you’re walking to work (when you can’t really watch or read), walking your dog, or even doing chores around the house. Just pick a podcast app — Overcast or Podcasts app on iOS 6 Best iOS Podcast Apps for iPhone & iPad 6 Best iOS Podcast Apps for iPhone & iPad A podcast is like radio show that you listen to at your convenience, and a good podcasting app can help make that experience so much better. Read More , PodBeam or Pocket Casts on Android 6 of the Best Podcast Apps for Android 6 of the Best Podcast Apps for Android While Apple offers their own podcast app for iOS, there’s no official Google application for podcasts on Android. Google Listen, a podcast app once developed by Google Labs, languished without updates for years and has... Read More — and start downloading podcasts you find interesting. New podcasts will be downloaded automatically when you’re on Wi-Fi. Subscribe to half a dozen podcasts and you’ll never be in a position where you’re stuck in a subway with nothing to do (which is the worst). Download — Pocket Casts for iOS (Free) | Android (Free) 8. Hyper News Hyper News is like a video podcasts app but for news. When you’re at home, connected to Wi-Fi, the app will download short news videos automatically to your iPhone. When you’re on your commute, just open the app and start playing them. By the time you get to work, you’ll be all caught up and ready for the water cooler talk. Download — Hyper News for iOS (Free) 9. gReader Google Reader is dead but gReader is still here, alive and kicking. gReader is a feature rich yet simple RSS reader that lets you manually add sources and syncs with Feedly as well. gReader’s offline sync feature works reliably so you’ll have the latest feed ready to read when you step on the subway. Download — gReader for Android (Free) 10. Newsify Newsify is a news and RSS reader that will automatically download new articles from subscribed sites. You can add sources directly from Newsify or just connect your Feedly account. Newsify is a free app that comes with ads (but that shouldn’t be a problem when you’re reading news articles in offline mode). If you don’t mind paying, look into Reeder 3 for iPhone and iPad. It is, in my opinion, the best RSS reader for iOS 7 Best iPad News Apps to Follow the Latest Headlines 7 Best iPad News Apps to Follow the Latest Headlines Whether you're hungry for the very latest happenings or just looking to catch up on the week's events, your iPad is a great news reader. Read More . Download — Newsify for iOS (Free) 11. Kindle While it’s not the best experience, you can still read entire books on your iPhone, iPad or Android device. Just download the Kindle app, buy some books, and start reading. Download — Kindle for iOS (Free) | Android (Free) 12. Audible Again, reading on a crowded subway can be a bit too much. This is where audiobooks come in. If you’re looking for a no-nonsense approach to audiobooks, just download Audible and buy audiobooks from there. For free options, check out the LibriVox app for Android and Audiobooks app on iOS. If you already have a collection of DRM-free audiobooks, just load them up on your iPhone Top 3 Apps for Listening to DRM-Free Audiobooks on iPhone Top 3 Apps for Listening to DRM-Free Audiobooks on iPhone Don't listen to audiobooks using your iPhone's Music app, use a proper app and vastly improve the experience. Read More or Android device 3 Simple Ways to Listen to DRM-Free Audiobooks on Android 3 Simple Ways to Listen to DRM-Free Audiobooks on Android Want to listen to audiobooks without the restrictions of DRM? We sure have a treat for you. Read More before heading out. Download — Audible for iOS (Free) | Android (Free) And Don’t Forget the Work Files We’re increasingly moving to a world where work documents are stored in the cloud. But an internet connection isn’t available everywhere. What if you want to access an important document, or looks something up on a PDF that’s stored in your work Dropbox account? It’s best to plan ahead and have these important files stored offline always. In the Dropbox app on Android, open the file in question and select Available Offline. On iOS, the option is called Make Available Offline. You’ll find similar options in Google Drive and apps like Google Docs, Sheets, Quip and so on. How do you stay entertained on your commute or when travelling? Share with us in the comments below. Image Credits: Iakov Filimonov/Shutterstock Previous PostYou Can Now Track Your Friends Using Google MapsNext PostLost Android PIN or Passcode? How to Get Back Into Your Device 4 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Glen LeBarr March 23, 2017 at 5:55 pm love Pocket, Instapaper too...but I use Pocket daily during my commutes Reply Davin Peterson March 23, 2017 at 5:18 pm What about Google Play Music instead of Apple Music? Reply Davin Peterson March 23, 2017 at 5:17 pm Forget Apple Music. What about Google Play Music (streaming)? It existed years before Apple Music and can do the same things as Apple Music. We don't need Apple for our music needs Reply Jan Peterson March 27, 2017 at 8:35 pm I second (third?) the vote for Google Play Music... and if you subscribe you get Youtube Red for free. Also, for eBooks and audio books, check out Overdrive... link up with your library and check out (borrow) eBooks and audio books for free. Reply Khamosh Pathak 25 articles Khamosh Pathak is a user defender, technology writer, and a UX designer. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Aerix Vidius HD Budget FPV/VR Streaming Drone Aerix Vidius HD Budget FPV/VR Streaming Drone ILIFE A6 Robot Vacuum Review (and Giveaway) ILIFE A6 Robot Vacuum Review (and Giveaway) Xiaomi Yeelight Smart Wi-Fi Light Strip Review & Giveaway Xiaomi Yeelight Smart Wi-Fi Light Strip Review & Giveaway Advertisement Trending 10 Must-Have Chromecast Apps for Listening to Music Entertainment 10 Must-Have Chromecast Apps for Listening to Music You Can Now Track Your Friends Using Google Maps Tech News You Can Now Track Your Friends Using Google Maps 10 Must-Have Chromecast Apps for Watching TV Entertainment 10 Must-Have Chromecast Apps for Watching TV Advertisement Related Articles The YouTube Starter Kit: 20 YouTubers Worth Watching Entertainment Internet The YouTube Starter Kit: 20 YouTubers Worth Watching How to Promote Your Podcast and Win New Listeners Creative How to Promote Your Podcast and Win New Listeners How to Make Spotify Recommend Music You’ll Enjoy Entertainment How to Make Spotify Recommend Music You’ll Enjoy Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Search News 9Honey Finance Sport TV Celebrity Fashion & Beauty Homes Diet & Fitness Recipes Travel Viral More 9News NATIONAL LOCAL NSW VIC QLD SA WA NT TAS CANBERRA GOLD COAST ILLAWARRA NSW CENTRAL WEST RIVERINA WORLD 9RAW WEATHER MORE Politics Health 6PM News Finance Technology Your Say Sport Entertainment Meet the team Crime Good News Buzz 60 Minutes Contact Us 9Stories A Current Affair 60 Minutes Today Inside Story Send us a story, photo or video CYCLONE DEBBIE Cyclone Debbie's devastating damage - see it all on TODAY live now 9news › world › WikiLeaks releases CIA hacks of Apple Mac computers World 4:21am March 24, 2017 WikiLeaks releases CIA hacks of Apple Mac computers By AFP The Central Intelligence Agency is able to permanently infect an Apple Mac computer so that even reinstalling the operating system will not erase the bug, according to documents published Thursday by WikiLeaks. In its second release allegedly from the CIA's arsenal of hacking tools, WikiLeaks also said that it appears the US spy agency has been able since 2008 to insert it bugs onto new and unused iPhones by intervening in Apple's supply and distribution network. The release follows the initial publication on March 9 by the anti-secrecy group of thousands of pages of instructions and code from what it called the entire CIA arsenal of hacking tools. The documents are generally believed to be genuine although the CIA has not acknowledged this. The publication of the documents sparked a US counterintelligence investigation into how the documents leaked out from the CIA and made their way to WikiLeaks, with some people pointing fingers at the agency's use of private subcontractors as a likely source. The newest documents focus on how the CIA targets Apple's popular personal electronics to spy on users. They show the CIA developed a tool in 2012 called "Sonic Screwdriver" that can hijack an Apple computer's password-protected boot process from peripheral devices like adapters and USB drives. By doing so, they can inject a undetectable bug deep into the computer's essential firmware that will not be erased even when the computer is reformatted. The manual for the "NightSkies" bug shows that the CIA developed it in 2008 to be implanted physically in brand new iPhones. "While CIA assets are sometimes used to physically infect systems in the custody of a target, it is likely that many CIA physical access attacks have infected the targeted organization's supply chain including by interdicting mail orders and other shipments," WikiLeaks said. The documents provide a glimpse into the workings of the CIA. One showed the agency urgently trying to adapt NightSkies to a certain Apple laptop. The agency "has the opportunity to gift a MacBook Air to a target that will be implanted with this tool," one 2009 document said. "The tool will be a beacon/implant that runs in the background of a MacBook Air that provides us with command and control capabilities." pmh/dw © AFP 2017 World Technology TRENDING VIDEO Violence erupts at pro-Trump rally Trump supporters have clashed with protesters at a rally in California’s south. Send your photos, videos and stories to 9NEWS Email contact@9news.com.au Large files 9news.wetransfer.com You can remain anonymous. Click here for more information. Auto news: GM could sell Opel to Peugeot parent - caradvice.com.au Auto news: Autonomous cars won’t kill people, but they will ‘take our jobs’ - caradvice.com.au Auto news:  What does the new American president mean for the auto industry? - caradvice.com.au Auto news: A new Hyundai ute is now on the cards - caradvice.com.au Auto news:  Buying a new car? Here are 11 things you should consider first - caradvice.com.au Career news: How to have a happy career - seek.com.au Career news: Does anyone actually read cover letters? - seek.com.au LIVE FEED Coffs Harbour pub owner says viral security guard clash is not all it seems Top News CYCLONE DEBBIE: Widescale damage predicted for north Queensland as cleanup begins MAN ARRESTED: White House locked down after man made 'suspicious comments' In pictures: The latest images of the monster storm Cyclone Debbie Top 5 SUVs! Asia on sale NOW! Search for jobs 30 Day Free Trial Deposit $50 bet with $200* Shop Home and Garden Back to top News Breaking News World News News videos Weather Sport Wide World of Sports Cricket NRL AFL Live scores Entertainment TheFIX Latest celebrity news TV guide Daily quiz Movie times Pedestrian TV Lifestyle Fashion Diet & Fitness Viral Homes Recipes Travel Catch-up TV Married At First Sight House Husbands 60 Minutes The Bachelor U.S. 20 to One Lethal Weapon Careers Advertise with us Help Terms of use Privacy © 2017 Nine Digital Pty Ltd Feedback
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Apple acquires popular automation app Workflow Listen | Print By James Walker     Mar 23, 2017 in Technology Apple has confirmed it has acquired Workflow, a successful iOS automation app that lets you link various devices and services together into complex processes. Apple had previously recognised Workflow's developers in its app design awards. The news was reported by TechCrunch late yesterday evening. Although financial details haven't been announced, the deal is said to have been a "solid payday" for Workflow's team and investors. It had previously acquired funding believed to be in the region of "a couple million" dollars in a seeding round. Workflow has been heralded as one of the best examples of an exclusive iOS app that manages to cleverly extend the ecosystem. It rivals the well-known multi-platform automation services IFTT and Zapier. Workflow is the better choice for many iOS users though, featuring a simplistic and accessible design that won an Apple Design Award in 2015. Apple referenced the award it gave to Workflow while confirming the acquisition. In a statement to TechCrunch, the company described the app as "outstanding," noting that it makes even its complex features available to every user. "The Workflow app was selected for an Apple Design Award in 2015 because of its outstanding use of iOS accessibility features, in particular an outstanding implementation for VoiceOver with clearly labeled items, thoughtful hints, and drag/drop announcements, making the app usable and quickly accessible to those who are blind or low-vision," the company said. Workflow Workflow WorkFlow lets you combine different actions in apps and services into a single multi-step process. These then show up as action buttons in iOS' notification shade. You could set up workflows to send someone a message that you're running late, transfer your latest photo to a cloud storage service or start playing a playlist. While simple on the surface, Workflow also includes detailed macro facilities that let power users create more complex workflows. The app can integrate with many third-party services, a feature Apple intends to retain after the acquisition. Apple hasn't said how it will incorporate Workflow into its own technology. It's easy to imagine Workflow finding a home as a core component of iOS in a future release, perhaps integrating with Siri to unify automation. Apple has already begun the first step in making Workflow's tech available to everyone. The company has made the app free to download, letting any iOS user give it a try. From Workflow's perspective, creator Ari Weinstein said the company is looking forward to collaborating with Apple. The team will now begin to follow a new direction that will see Workflow ascend to "the next level." "We are thrilled to be joining Apple," said Weinstein to TechCrunch. "We’ve worked closely with Apple from the very beginning, from kickstarting our company as students attending WWDC to developing and launching Workflow and seeing its amazing success on the App Store. We can’t wait to take our work to the next level at Apple and contribute to products that touch people across the world." Unusually for Apple, the current Workflow app will remain available on the App Store and there's currently no indication it will be shut down anytime soon. The deal is said to have already been finalised and was completed today. More about Apple, workflow, Apps, Ios, Automation   Apple workflow Apps Ios Automation Latest News Top News Sewol ferry 'remains' are animal bones: S. Korea ministry Number of Kenyans going hungry doubles to 3 mn: Red Cross IS counter-attacks to defend north Syria stronghold Poland to withdraw from Eurocorps force: official Interview: Barenaked Ladies talk new album, Paramount concert Special IS counter-attacks to defend north Syria town: monitor Couple arrested after trying to sell baby on Craigslist No peace deal in Syria without US role: opposition Interview: Colton Dixon discusses new album 'Identity' and future Special Eastern EU members slam 'blackmail' by Brussels on migrants Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2017 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple What’s next for Apple Music and Beats 1: Original content, revamped apps, more Beats, live events & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: A spring iPad event now seems unlikely, but that 10.5-inch iPad is probably still real Trending in Apple Opinion: The new low-cost iPad is further evidence of a new approach to Apple’s pricing Trending in Apple What’s next for Siri: Apple’s advantage for its Echo/Google Home competitor Trending in Apple Comment: I’m wondering whether even Apple could pull off smart glasses we’d actually want to wear Trending in Apple Roundup: Here’s everything we currently know about the new iPads coming this year March 23 AAPL: 140.92 -0.50 Apple Pay adds support for 30+ more banks and credit unions in the U.S., Australia and China Jordan Kahn - Mar. 23rd 2017 10:01 am PT @JordanKahn Apple Pay View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple has updated its list of banks, credit unions and card issuers for Apple Pay this week to note the addition of support for 30+ additional institutions in the U.S., Australia and China. The best 4K & 5K displays for Mac Most of the new banks and credit unions added this week are for users in the US, while China gets two new supported banks, as Australia gets one (full list below). Apple has been steadily adding support for additional banks and card issuers each month since its launched the payment service. The list of retailers both in store, in vehicles, table side, and online has also been growing quickly in recent months. Apple also rolled out support for charitable donations in the UK earlier this month after an earlier launch in the US. As of this month Apple Pay is now offered by Apple for its users in 14 countries, with the latest additions of Ireland coming ahead of rumored roll outs for Taiwan, Germany and Italy A full list of the newly added banks for the US, China and Australia is below: U.S.  Bank of Botetourt BankNewport Barksdale Federal CreditUnion Citizens National Bank of Cheboygan Cornerstone Financial CreditUnion Country Bank Fairport Savings Bank Fidelity Bank (PA) First Central State Bank First Community Bank (TX) First Community Bank of Beemer First Community Credit Union (MO) First National Bank of Shiner Home Credit US Indiana University CreditUnion Lyons National Bank Members Credit Union Metro Credit Union MWD Federal Credit Union OAS Staff Federal CreditUnion Polish National Credit Union Rocky Mountain Bank Santander Bank Seattle Metropolitan CreditUnion STAR Financial Bank The First National Bank in Trinidad Town of Hempstead Employees Federal Credit Union Woodforest National Bank Australia Firefighters Mutual Bank China Bank of Ningxia Tianjin Binhai Rural Commercial Bank As always, Apple maintains a full list of banks that support Apple Pay by country on its website. Jordan Kahn @JordanKahn Jordan writes about all things Apple as Senior Editor of 9to5Mac, & contributes to 9to5Google, 9to5Toys, & Electrek.co. He also co-authors 9to5Mac’s weekly Logic Pros series and makes music as one half of Toronto-based Makamachine. Favorite Gear LG 34-inch Widscreen Monitor This gorgeous desk clock is made with vintage Soviet Union Nixie tubes PhotoFast MFi drive w/ Lightning, USB-C, USB-A, micro-USB Guides Apple Pay Apple Pay is Apple's mobile payments solution first introduced in 2014. View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Lifestyle Tech News WikiLeaks CIA files: New 'Dark Matter' release details how US 'hacked into Apple products' After the original Vault 7 release, the iPhone maker said it had already addressed 'many of' the vulnerabilities allegedly exploited by the agency Aatif Sulleyman Thursday 23 March 2017 17:40 GMT Click to follow The Independent Tech It's possible that the CIA gained access to Apple’s supply chain in order to tamper with handsets SAUL LOEB/AFP/Getty Images WikiLeaks has released ‘Dark Matter’, the latest batch of documents in its Vault 7 series, detailing the hacking techniques allegedly used by the CIA on Apple devices. One of the most concerning of these is ‘NightSkies’, a tool dating back to 2008. WikiLeaks says it was “expressly designed to be physically installed onto factory fresh iPhones. i.e the CIA has been infecting the iPhone supply chain of its targets since at least 2008.” Whether agents gained access to Apple’s supply chain in order to carry this out is unclear, but WikiLeaks mentions it as a possibility. “While CIA assets are sometimes used to physically infect systems in the custody of a target it is likely that many CIA physical access attacks have infected the targeted organization's supply chain including by interdicting mail orders and other shipments (opening, infecting, and resending) leaving the United States or otherwise,” it wrote in a press release. Gadgets and tech news in pictures 43 show all Gadgets and tech news in pictures 1/43 Designed by Pierpaolo Lazzarini from Italian company Jet Capsule. The I.F.O. is fuelled by eight electric engines, which is able to push the flying object to an estimated top speed of about 120mph. Jet Capsule/Cover Images 2/43 A humanoid robot gestures during a demo at a stall in the Indian Machine Tools Expo, IMTEX/Tooltech 2017 held in Bangalore Getty Images 3/43 A humanoid robot gestures during a demo at a stall in the Indian Machine Tools Expo, IMTEX/Tooltech 2017 held in Bangalore Getty Images 4/43 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 5/43 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 6/43 The giant human-like robot bears a striking resemblance to the military robots starring in the movie 'Avatar' and is claimed as a world first by its creators from a South Korean robotic company Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 7/43 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 8/43 Waseda University's saxophonist robot WAS-5, developed by professor Atsuo Takanishi Rex 9/43 Waseda University's saxophonist robot WAS-5, developed by professor Atsuo Takanishi and Kaptain Rock playing one string light saber guitar perform jam session Rex 10/43 A test line of a new energy suspension railway resembling the giant panda is seen in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China Reuters 11/43 A test line of a new energy suspension railway, resembling a giant panda, is seen in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China Reuters 12/43 A concept car by Trumpchi from GAC Group is shown at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Rex 13/43 A Mirai fuel cell vehicle by Toyota is displayed at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Reuters 14/43 A visitor tries a Nissan VR experience at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Reuters 15/43 A man looks at an exhibit entitled 'Mimus' a giant industrial robot which has been reprogrammed to interact with humans during a photocall at the new Design Museum in South Kensington, London Getty 16/43 A new Israeli Da-Vinci unmanned aerial vehicle manufactured by Elbit Systems is displayed during the 4th International conference on Home Land Security and Cyber in the Israeli coastal city of Tel Aviv Getty 17/43 Electrification Guru Dr. Wolfgang Ziebart talks about the electric Jaguar I-PACE concept SUV before it was unveiled before the Los Angeles Auto Show in Los Angeles, California, U.S Reuters 18/43 The Jaguar I-PACE Concept car is the start of a new era for Jaguar. This is a production preview of the Jaguar I-PACE, which will be revealed next year and on the road in 2018 AP 19/43 Japan's On-Art Corp's CEO Kazuya Kanemaru poses with his company's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' and other robots during a demonstration in Tokyo, Japan Reuters 20/43 Japan's On-Art Corp's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' Reuters 21/43 Japan's On-Art Corp's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' performs during its unveiling in Tokyo, Japan Reuters 22/43 Singulato Motors co-founder and CEO Shen Haiyin poses in his company's concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 23/43 The interior of Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 24/43 Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 Reuters 25/43 A picture shows Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 26/43 Connected company president Shigeki Tomoyama addresses a press briefing as he elaborates on Toyota's "connected strategy" in Tokyo. The Connected company is a part of seven Toyota in-house companies that was created in April 2016 Getty 27/43 A Toyota Motors employee demonstrates a smartphone app with the company's pocket plug-in hybrid (PHV) service on the cockpit of the latest Prius hybrid vehicle during Toyota's "connected strategy" press briefing in Tokyo Getty 28/43 An exhibitor charges the battery cells of AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which is able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 29/43 A robot with a touch-screen information apps stroll down the pavillon at the Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 30/43 An exhibitor demonstrates the AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which is able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 31/43 Robotic fishes swim in a water glass tank displayed at the Korea pavillon during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 32/43 An employee shows a Samsung Electronics' Gear S3 Classic during Korea Electronics Show 2016 in Seoul, South Korea Reuters 33/43 Visitors experience Samsung Electronics' Gear VR during the Korea Electronics Grand Fair at an exhibition hall in Seoul, South Korea Getty 34/43 Amy Rimmer, Research Engineer at Jaguar Land Rover, demonstrates the car manufacturer's Advanced Highway Assist in a Range Rover, which drives the vehicle, overtakes and can detect vehicles in the blind spot, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire 35/43 Chris Burbridge, Autonomous Driving Software Engineer for Tata Motors European Technical Centre, demonstrates the car manufacturer's GLOSA V2X functionality, which is connected to the traffic lights and shares information with the driver, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire 36/43 Ford EEBL Emergency Electronic Brake Lights is demonstrated during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA 37/43 Full-scale model of 'Kibo' on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan EPA 38/43 Miniatures on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan. In its facilities, JAXA develop satellites and analyse their observation data, train astronauts for utilization in the Japanese Experiment Module 'Kibo' of the International Space Station (ISS) and develop launch vehicles EPA 39/43 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to the music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight. At this biennial event, the participating companies exhibit their latest service robotic technologies and components Getty 40/43 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight Getty 41/43 Government and industry are working together on a robot-like autopilot system that could eliminate the need for a second human pilot in the cockpit AP 42/43 Aurora Flight Sciences' technicians work on an Aircrew Labor In-Cockpit Automantion System (ALIAS) device in the firm's Centaur aircraft at Manassas Airport in Manassas, Va. AP 43/43 Flight Simulator Stefan Schwart and Udo Klingenberg preparing a self-built flight simulator to land at Hong Kong airport, from Rostock, Germany EPA WikiLeaks also says that NightSkies allowed the CIA to gain “full remote command and control” of iPhones and access files, such as text messages, call logs and contacts. Also detailed in the new leak is ‘Sonic Screwdriver’ – named after Doctor Who’s trademark tool – described by the CIA as a “mechanism for executing code on peripheral devices while a Mac laptop or desktop is booting” The document, which dates back to 2012, describes how agents could infect a Mac with malware using a Thunderbolt-to-Ethernet adapter.  A 2009 file called ‘DarkSeaSkies’, meanwhile, details a hacking technique for the MacBook Air, and WikiLeaks says that the CIA could still be relying on ‘DerStarke’, a firmware attack dating back to 2013. In the aftermath of the original Vault 7 document release, Apple released a statement saying that it had already addressed the majority of vulnerabilities allegedly exploited by the CIA.  Read more The 6 biggest spying secrets revealed by WikiLeaks' CIA files “Apple is deeply committed to safeguarding our customers’ privacy and security,” a spokesperson said. “The technology built into today’s iPhone represents the best data security available to consumers, and we’re constantly working to keep it that way.  “Our products and software are designed to quickly get security updates into the hands of our customers, with nearly 80 percent of users running the latest version of our operating system.  “While our initial analysis indicates that many of the issues leaked today were already patched in the latest iOS, we will continue work to rapidly address any identified vulnerabilities.”  More about: WikiLeaks Apple Iphone Vault 7 CIA Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
28/03/2017 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Search Live Bulletin Weather All views Business 28/03/2017 Working in the future: how humans need to adapt Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We have to adapt and we also have to take our own responsibility but it is up to the politicians, to those who have political responsibility to create an environment to make that possible" World 28/03/2017 Sturgeon pushes for second Scottish referendum Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Even the SNP are uncertain about which way to go with regards to Europe" Nicholas Cross Lecturer at Edinburgh University World 28/03/2017 UK triggers Article 50: how did it come to this? Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "June 23 was not the moment Britain chose to step back from the world. It was the moment we chose to build a truly Global Britain" Theresa May British Prime Minister World 28/03/2017 UN talks for a worldwide ban on nuclear weapons get limited support Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Is there anyone that believes that North Korea would agree to a ban on nuclear weapons?" Nikki Haley US ambassador to the United Nations World 27/03/2017 Hong Kong: 'Umbrella Revolution' leaders charged over 2014 protests Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We will never give up." Benny Tai Co-founder, Occupy Central World 27/03/2017 Use of tax havens by European banks revealed Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet World 27/03/2017 Iran's President Hassan Rouhani arrives in Russia for Kremlin talks Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet World 27/03/2017 Baby Boom in Berlin: A city struggling with waiting lists Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Midwives are currently three or four times oversubscribed in Berlin. Twenty-four hours a day are just not enough to do our job accurately." Susanna Rinne-Wolf President of the Berlin Association of Midwives more quotes Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > Business > Apple avoided tax in New Zealand for more than a decade Now Reading: Apple avoided tax in New Zealand for more than a decade corporate 23/03/2017 Apple avoided tax in New Zealand for more than a decade Today's Top Stories United Kingdom 28/03/2017 Scottish parliament backs bid for second independence referendum Germany 28/03/2017 Berlin launches investigation into 'Turkish spying' on German soil France 28/03/2017 Carlos the Jackal given life sentence over deadly 1974 Paris attack Aa Aa Editor's choice world news 28/03/2017 This just in: women have legs world news 27/03/2017 Russian protest symbols explained world news 28/03/2017 Amsterdam experiments a new business model for prostitution last updated: 23/03/2017 Robert Hackwill More flak for electronics giant Apple with news it has not paid any tax in New Zealand for at least a decade. In fact under a bilateral tax agreement Apple did pay 34 million NZ dollars of tax on sales for the last decade of 4.2 billion dollars, but to the Australian office which handles New Zealand business. What continues to annoy local politicians is the amont of money Apple declares as profit in its Irish head office, and not just from New Zealand but operations around the world. Irish corporation tax is among the lowest in the world but the EU has just called foul on the practise, and has hit Apple with a staggering 13 billion euro back tax bill. Australia is about to pass a Diverted Profits bill modelled on the British law designed to crack down on tax avoidance. Apple’s revenues are currently running at nearly 80 billion a quarter, easily matching a host of small and medium-sized nations. Share this article: More about: Apple Taxes Corporate USA New Zealand Profits Page 1 Copy 34 All views Get a different perspective Every story can be told in many ways: see the perspectives from Euronews journalists in our other language teams. Edition: Français Apple paye ses impots néo-zélandais au fisc australien See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Deutsch Apple auch in Neuseeland Steuermuffel See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Italiano Apple sotto accusa: "Da 10 anni non paga imposte in Nuova Zelanda" See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Español Apple no paga impuestos en Nueza Zelanda desde hace casi una década See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Português Nova Zelândia: Imprensa revela que Apple não paga impostos há uma década See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Türkçe Apple Yeni Zelanda'da 10 yıldır vergi ödememiş See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Українська Apple обійшла Нову Зеландію See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Pусский В Новой Зеландии Apple подозревается в уклонении от уплаты налогов See translation Auto-Translated Edition: العربية آبل تدفع ضرائب السوق النيوزيلندي لأستراليا See translation Auto-Translated Edition: فارسی کمپانی اپل از سال ۲۰۰۷ در نیوزیلند مالیات نپرداخته است See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Ελληνικά Νέα Ζηλανδία: Η Apple δεν πληρώνει φόρους εδώ και 10 χρόνια See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Magyar Nem fizet adó Új-Zélandon az Apple See translation Auto-Translated Most viewed real economy 28/03/2017 Working in the future: how humans need to adapt economy 28/03/2017 Samsung to fire sell refurbished Galaxy Note 7's economy 28/03/2017 Tesco fined tens of millions for accounting fraud economy 27/03/2017 Bank of England to 'stress test' banks as Article 50 day looms corporate 27/03/2017 Uber's driverless car scheme hits the skids after Arizona crash Flashback: one year ago Cuba 28/03/2016 Fidel Castro rejects thaw between Cuba and US Pakistan 28/03/2016 Pakistan to launch a paramilitary crackdown in Punjab Pakistan 28/03/2016 Pakistan: what is behind the bombings in Lahore? Czech Republic 28/03/2016 Pro-Tibet activists deface Chinese flags as President Xi arrives in Prague United Kingdom 28/03/2016 Storm Katie batters Britain Editor's choice world news 28/03/2017 This just in: women have legs world news 27/03/2017 Russian protest symbols explained world news 28/03/2017 Amsterdam experiments a new business model for prostitution world news 28/03/2017 Clothing to make you better, faster, safer, smarter futuris 27/03/2017 The geological clock of volcanoes world news 27/03/2017 Anti-militarism groups clash in Madrid over defence exhibition Sci-tech 24/03/2017 CeBIT: Japan's vision of Society 5.0 world news 26/03/2017 Pulse of Europe: "We are convinced that the majority of people believe in... Italy 27/03/2017 Unfinished Da Vinci masterpiece returned to Florence See more corporate 21/03/2017 Google promises changes over advert row Today's Top Stories United Kingdom 28/03/2017 Scottish parliament backs bid for second independence referendum Germany 28/03/2017 Berlin launches investigation into 'Turkish spying' on German soil France 28/03/2017 Carlos the Jackal given life sentence over deadly 1974 Paris attack Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Browse today's tags France United Kingdom Referendum Brexit Europe Terrorism Robotic Scotland Verticals News European affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Quotes Programs Adventures Aid Zone Boarding Pass Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation View World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Euronews radio Widgets Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 News World Business Sport European affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Mar 28, 4:12 PM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Latest Apple Patent Shows Laptop Powered By iPhone, iPad By Ken Manbert Salcedo On 03/23/17 AT 1:33 PM Close An Apple patent, which was published earlier today, shows off the tech giant’s desire to create an iPhone-powered MacBook. The product, as seen on some illustrations, looks like a laptop with an iPhone-sized dock where the touchpad is supposed to be. The patent filing, which was submitted back in September and was only published on Thursday, describes a device that will serve as the primary output for the user. What’s more interesting is that the device will “solely be controlled by the electronic host device,” which in this case can may be alluding to an iPhone. An illustration of Apple's patent showing a laptop-like device powered by what appears to be an iPhone. Photo: US Patent & Trademark Office To put it simply, an iPhone will potentially power the laptop-like device and handle all the processing. The patent also states that the “electronic host device” will be “an input device” that’s configured to recognize touch controls. The iPhone will basically function as the touchpad of the device. This concept is somewhat similar to HP’s LapDock accessory for its HP Elite X3 smartphone, as pointed out by The Verge. The LapDock looks like a premium ultrabook, but it only works like a full-fledge Windows 10 PC once it’s connected to the HP Elite X3 smartphone. Another interesting thing about this latest Apple patent is another laptop design wherein the screen can be replaced with an iPad. Like the previous concept, this design also implies that the iPad will also function as the brains of the entire device, as pointed out by 9To5Mac. Apple’s current iPad Pro line currently features an optional keyboard case. However, it still lacks a touchpad to provide a MacBook style experience. Another illustration showing a laptop-like device that appears to have an iPad as its display. Photo: US Patent & Trademark Office Although both concepts appear to be appealing, it does mean one big setback. Since the devices described on the patent filing appear to be powered by an iPhone and an iPad, it would be running iOS and not MacOS. Although iOS is great for mobile, it’s not capable of providing a real desktop/laptop software experience. That’s something Microsoft is ahead of with Windows 10 Mobile’s Continuum. That said, Apple patents a lot of its experimental products and majority of them don’t really end up becoming real. However, this does indicate that Apple is trying to figure out a way to make its iPhones and iPads function more like MacBooks, or rather, bridge the gap between mobile and laptop experience. Related Stories Microsoft, Toyota Announce Connected Car Partnership 6 Expected Features Of iPhone 8 Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Most Read Business How To Get The New Adidas Originals x Alexander Wang Pieces What you need to know about the two installment releases. Technology Apple Keeps Taking Down This Drone Notification App From the App Store After multiple rejections, Apple finally allowed the drone notification app Metadata on its App Store on Tuesday, only to take it down hours late. World U.S. Munitions Could Not Have Blown Up Mosul Building: Army The top U.S. commander in Iraq said its March 17 airstrike in Mosul could have been a combination of ISIS' improvised explosive devices. National Hillary Clinton To Address California Business Women Last year's Democratic presidential nominee will deliver the closing remarks at the PBWN conference in San Francisco on Tuesday. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Skip to content Naked Security Computer Security News, Advice and Research sophos.com Free Tools Go Award-winning computer security news Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed ‘Turkish’ hackers threaten to reset millions of iCloud accounts 23 Mar 2017 3 Apple, Data loss, Security threats Post navigation Previous: Ex-IT director accused of accessing his former employer for two years Next: News in brief: WikiLeaks drops more CIA documents; ISP privacy rules killed; Instagram launches 2FA by Guy Clapperton 0Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share on Reddit A new band of hackers, styling itself the “Turkish Crime Family”, is claiming it has secured the details of some 200m iCloud accounts and that if Apple doesn’t pay a whopping $75,000 bitcoin or ethereum ransom (or $100,000 in iTunes gift cards) it will wipe the lot. There are a few problems to face initially. First, Apple says its systems haven’t been breached. The company told Naked Security: There have not been any breaches in any of Apple’s systems including iCloud and Apple ID. The alleged list of email addresses and passwords appears to have been obtained from previously compromised third-party services. So 200m accounts obtained from previously compromised third party services is OK? Obviously not, but there’s no suggestion that Apple itself is responsible for any compromised security. The Turkish Crime Family itself appears to be new on the security scene, believed to have started life in Istanbul but now resident in Green Lanes, north London, according to one report. Helpfully, the organisation has a Twitter account. Another curious facet of the alleged breach is that asking for payment in extremely traceable iTunes vouchers seems more than slightly curious; why would you not ask for something with a less clean audit trail? The group itself disputes the amount that’s been reported and blames a media relations operative (presumably the same one who put an email address for media inquiries on the Twitter profile):   This sum of $75,000 is incorrect, this was submitted by one of our old media guys that is not a part of our group. The sum is a lot higher — Turkish Crime Family (@turkcrimefamily) March 23, 2017 The organisation has posted what it claims is video evidence to the Motherboard site. Sophos Home Free home computer security software for all the family Learn More David Kennerley, director of threat research at Webroot, is among the first to wonder whether the threat is actually real. There are a lot of questions that need to be answered such as, do these hackers really have access to the data they claim? How did they get hold of such a large amount of data? Was it a vulnerability in Apple’s infrastructure or breach of third-party tool or organisation? Or does the fault lie with good old password re-usage between sites and apps from a consumer side? Wherever the data originates, assuming it’s genuine, Apple faces the decision of whether to pay the ransom or to tough it out. Whichever way it goes, it will want to take precautions to see that this never happens again. Kennerley says: Whether [the breach] proves to be huge news, or no news at all – it’s always good to remind ourselves, no matter the reputation of the organisation that we trust to protect our digital lives we should always take extra measures to protect our own privacy and data. Our advice would be to assume the data has been compromised somehow; if it turns out to be a hoax, the worst thing that can happen is that your data is more secure. Precautions include: If your data is stored anywhere online, assume it could be compromised by a faulty server, deliberate action or the host company going bust. Have a backup – so if your primary host is wiped for any reason you still have your data. Use two factor authentication where possible. Apple encourages it, and here’s an article about the whys and wherefores that we wrote a few months ago. Don’t use the same password everywhere. We can’t say this often enough but people still do it. Pick a strong password – here’s our advice on how to do that Observe the standard security hygiene protocols – don’t click on links from unknown sources, go to the website independently. Finally, there are still people who believe their Apple hardware is completely safe from malware just because it’s Apple. It’s great kit and it works beautifully but nobody is safe – see our article on Apple security. Follow @NakedSecurity Follow @GuyClapperton Apple iCloud Turkish Crime Family Free tools Sophos Home for Windows and Mac XG Firewall Home Edition Mobile Security for Android Virus Removal Tool Antivirus for Linux Post navigation Previous: Ex-IT director accused of accessing his former employer for two years Next: News in brief: WikiLeaks drops more CIA documents; ISP privacy rules killed; Instagram launches 2FA About the author Guy Clapperton Journalist and media trainer, director of Clapperton Media Associates 3 comments on “‘Turkish’ hackers threaten to reset millions of iCloud accounts” Guy says: March 24, 2017 at 9:48 am Apple could just restore from backup. Logging into and erasing 200 million accounts would take some time. If it started happening, Apple could easily block the attack. How is this even a threat? Reply Adam says: March 24, 2017 at 3:31 pm You know, that’s a good point. Also, they’d have to have some sort of server or admin-level access to be able to wipe or delete accounts, or even a single server’s-worth of accounts. The Turkish Crime Family having that level of access would either entail an incredibly serious, hitherto unknown breach in Apple’s defenses (improbable), or the help of someone on the inside (more likely, but still doubtful). Reply Jeff says: March 24, 2017 at 7:22 pm If an Apple user wasn’t backing up their entire device to the Apple Cloud, a device that was wiped wouldn’t have everything for Apple to restore. I suspect there are quite a few users that don’t do Cloud backups, or only back up a portion of their data. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Recommended reads May27 by Lee Munson 2 Hackers compromise 100,000 IRS tax accounts with pre-stolen data Oct10 by Lisa Vaas 2 Reminder: iCloud’s going to demand app-specific passwords from third-party apps Sep17 by Paul Ducklin 25 Apple adds two-step verification for iCloud, effective immediately Sep08 by Paul Ducklin 9 Tim Cook says Apple *does* care about iCloud Security. But is that enough? [POLL] Sep02 by Lee Munson 10 Jennifer Lawrence naked photo scandal – Apple and FBI to investigate Aug26 by Graham Cluley 4 Welcome to Apple iCloud phishing attacks SOPHOS About Naked Security About Sophos Send us a tip Cookies Privacy Legal Network Protection XG Firewall UTM Secure Wi-Fi Secure Web Gateway Secure Email Gateway Enduser Protection Enduser Protection Bundles Endpoint Antivirus Sophos Cloud Mobile Control SafeGuard Encryption Server Protection Virtualization Security Server Security SharePoint Security Network Storage Antivirus PureMessage Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed © 1997 - 2017 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
HOME LATEST NEWS NEWSLETTERS SEARCH   LATEST NEWS FOR TUESDAY MARCH 28 Amazon Launches Its Own Call Center Platform Plenty of companies have wished they had access to the same call center technology Amazon uses for its customer service centers. Now, they can, with the launch of Amazon Web Services' Amazon Connect. Apple Rolls Out Major Update with iOS 10.3: Here's What's New The latest update to Apple's mobile operating system makes it easier for users to locate their misplaced AirPods, introduces a new look for the Settings app, and a new file system for improved storage. Got Camera? Facebook Adds More Snapchat-Like Features Elon Musk's Neuralink Aims To Plug Into Your Brain Amazon Buys Mideast's Souq.com After $800M Counteroffer FBI's Face Recognition Database Out of Date? CLOSE   NEWS TOPICS TECH TRENDS NETWORK SECURITY CLOUD COMPUTING HARDWARE APPLICATIONS MICROSOFT/WINDOWS COMMUNICATIONS CONTRIBUTED CONTENT APPLE/MAC MOBILE TECH WORLD WIDE WEB BIG DATA CHIPS & PROCESSORS GOVERNMENT CRM SYSTEMS PERSONAL TECH TRENDING TOPICS APPLE SECURITY CYBERCRIME MICROSOFT GOOGLE DATA CENTERS ANDROID TELECOM MALWARE FREE NEWSLETTERS (NEW) News & Product Reviews for Tech Leaders TOP TECH NEWSCIO TODAYDATA STORAGE TODAYMOBILE TECH TODAY HOMETECH TRENDSNETWORK SECURITYCLOUD COMPUTINGHARDWAREAPPLICATIONSMICROSOFT/WINDOWSMORE MORE ON THIS SITE: COMMUNICATIONS CONTRIBUTED CONTENT APPLE/MAC MOBILE TECH WORLD WIDE WEB BIG DATA CHIPS & PROCESSORS GOVERNMENT CRM SYSTEMS PERSONAL TECH TRENDING TOPICS: Apple  ・  Security  ・  Cybercrime  ・  Microsoft  ・  Google  ・  Data Centers  ・  Android  ・  Telecom  ・  Malware DIGITAL LIFE Apple Disputes Hacker Group's Claim of Massive iCloud Breach Posted March 23, 2017 EARLIER Google Maps Already Tracks You; Now Other People Can, Too THIS STORY Apple Disputes Hacker Group's Claim of Massive iCloud Breach LATER Microsoft and Adobe Launch Joint Customer Experience Offerings YOU ARE HERE:   HOME DIGITAL LIFE THIS STORY Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. NEWS OPS By Shirley Siluk. Updated March 23, 2017 9:57AM SHARE ALSO SEE Apple iCloud Apple ID Hackers Data Breach WikiLeaks CIA Vault 7 Cybersecurity Privacy Customer Data Government Top Tech News Contrary to a hacker group's claims, Apple said none of its systems, including iCloud and Apple ID, have been breached recently. However, the company said it is keeping an eye open for potential problems and recommends that users employ security measures such as strong passwords and two-factor authentication. According to a report Tuesday in Motherboard, a group calling itself the "Turkish Crime Family" claimed it could remotely access hundreds of millions of Apple accounts and could use that access to wipe users' devices. The hacker(s) said they would do so on April 7 unless Apple paid a ransom of $75,000 to $100,000. In another Apple-related development, the news leak organization WikiLeaks today posted new documents from the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) that purport to show how the agency can infect Apple products to gain persistent access to Mac computers, iPhones, and other devices. The new disclosure is the second WikiLeaks release of classified "Vault 7" information from the CIA. Apple: 'No Breaches of Any Systems' "There have not been any breaches in any of Apple's systems including iCloud and Apple ID," a company spokesperson told us today via email. "The alleged list of email addresses and passwords appears to have been obtained from previously compromised third-party services." Writing in Motherboard earlier this week, Joseph Cox said the self-identified "Turkish Crime Family" had provided his publication with screenshots purportedly showing the hackers' email conversations with members of Apple's security team. One of the email conversations appeared to show Apple employees asking the hackers to remove a YouTube video showing how they were able to access one woman's iCloud account. "This is a weird story, and I'm skeptical of some of the details," cybersecurity expert Bruce Schneier noted this morning on his blog. "Presumably Apple has decided that it's smarter to spend the money on secure backups and other security measures than to pay the ransom. But we'll see how this unfolds." U.K.-based security analyst Graham Cluley echoed that skepticism, but added he hoped the reports called attention to the importance of Apple users employing strong security precautions. "What we don't know is whether the email exchanges between the hackers and Apple are real or faked, and -- indeed -- whether the so-called 'Turkish Crime Gang' really has access to a large number of Apple users' credentials," Cluley wrote in a blog post on Tuesday. "Other than the video of the elderly woman's iCloud account being broken into, there has been no evidence shared with the media to suggest that the hackers' claims of having gained access to a large database of Apple usernames and passwords are legitimate." CIA 'Infecting iPhone Supply Chain' Earlier today, WikiLeaks posted new information on its Web site that it said shows several CIA projects can gain persistent access to Apple devices via malware. Documents published alongside the WikiLeaks news release referenced projects with names such as "Sonic Screwdriver," "DarkSeaSkies," and "Triton." The WikiLeaks documents are the second set of "Vault 7" files to be published by the organization since earlier this month. The first cache of more than 8,700 documents, published March 7, revealed details about CIA efforts to hack vehicle controls, smart appliances, phones, and computers. One of the new documents released today is what WikiLeaks said is a manual for an iPhone-targeting CIA tool called NightSkies 1.2. "Noteworthy is that NightSkies had reached 1.2 by 2008, and is expressly designed to be physically installed onto factory fresh iPhones, i.e., the CIA has been infecting the iPhone supply chain of its targets since at least 2008," the WikiLeaks news release stated. "While CIA assets are sometimes used to physically infect systems in the custody of a target it is likely that many CIA physical access attacks have infected the targeted organization's supply chain including by interdicting mail orders and other shipments (opening, infecting, and resending) leaving the United States or otherwise." Image credit: iStock. Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP OF THE NEWS TUESDAY MARCH 28 Amazon Launches Its Own Call Center Platform Plenty of companies have wished they had access to the same call center technology Amazon uses for its customer service centers. Now, they can, with the launch of Amazon Web Services' Amazon Connect. Apple Rolls Out Major iOS Update   Facebook Adds Snapchat Features   Musk's Neuralink Plugs Into Brains   Amazon Buys Mideast's Souq.com   More than 70% of data center incidents are caused by human error. Find out how you can avoid that. Discover the most essential attributes to consider when selecting a colocation provider. MORE IN DIGITAL LIFE Amazon Debuts Call Center Platform Apple Rolls Out Major iOS Update Facebook Adds Snapchat Features Amazon Buys Mideast's Souq.com Samsung Needs S8 Phone To Impress Next Article > Microsoft and Adobe Launch Joint Customer Experience Offerings By Jef Cozza / Top Tech News. Updated March 23, 2017. Adobe and Microsoft have teamed up to offer a set of joint enterprise solutions designed to help companies improve the customer experience for their clients. The agreement includes Adobe Experience Cloud, Microsoft Azure, Dynamics 365 and Power BI. In addition, the companies also plan to collaborate on an industry standard to define and unify the language for marketing, sales and services data needed to deliver digital experiences consistently at scale. Compiling Insights Across Channels "Today's customers have high standards when it comes to brand interactions. Enterprise companies must deliver exceptional experiences at scale or risk losing customers to competitors," said Abhay Parasnis, executive vice president and CTO, Adobe, in a statement. "Bringing together Adobe's and Microsoft's sales, marketing and customer intelligence solutions enables brands to better understand and engage with their customers across all touch points." The new integrations will help businesses better align their sales and marketing efforts, and create compelling, personalized and consistent experiences for their customers, the companies said. The agreement includes the integration of Adobe Campaign and Microsoft Dynamics 365, which the companies said will enable enterprises to compile customer insights across various channels, creating a single view of the customer that can be used to personalize experiences across marketing touchpoints. "We believe the combined power of our technologies will allow enterprise businesses to harness their data in new ways, unlocking critical business insights and actionable intelligence," said Scott Guthrie, executive vice president, Microsoft, in the statement. "Together, we are delivering compelling and personalized experiences that will drive brand loyalty and growth.” Collaboration on an Industry Standard Data Model Integrating Adobe Analytics with Microsoft Power BI, meanwhile, offers increased insights across the board, according to the companies. Brands will now be able to pull behavioral data into Power BI to visualize the impact of campaigns across segments, understand which customer touchpoints are most effective, and turn these insights into actionable outcomes in real-time. Adobe is also launching its Experience Manager Sites Managed Service on Microsoft Azure, which will allow companies to deliver personalized Web experiences faster and more efficiently by letting them manage their Web content across any screen within Adobe Experience Manager with lower management and resource costs, the company said. Adobe and Microsoft said they are also collaborating on a semantic data model for understanding and driving real-time customer engagement. This model will standardize how data is structured and expedite the process of gaining insights from massive amounts of data. Other companies, such as AppDynamics, Acxiom, Dun & Bradstreet, Qualtrics, Zendesk, and MasterCard, are also working with Adobe and Microsoft to develop the new data model and have committed to building applications based on the common language. Providing end-to-end integration at the platform level helps enterprises more easily customize their apps, capture behavioral data within Web and mobile apps, and glean insights from across Adobe and Microsoft services as well as any platforms that support the data model, the companies said. Read more on: Adobe, Microsoft, Customer Engagement, Customer Experience, Customer Data, Analytics, Sales and Marketing, Cloud Computing, Technology News MOST POPULAR 01 Cloud Computing Oracle Touts Its IaaS over AWS 02 Applications IBM Updates Connections Platform 03 Big Data SAP Updates Vora Analytics Engine 04 Microsoft/Windows Microsoft Targets Slack with Teams 05 Cloud Computing Intel To Buy Mobileye for $15.3 Billion 06 Government Russians Charged in Yahoo Attacks 07 Network Security Twitter Hackers Post Nazi Symbols 08 Cloud Computing Biz Sharing More Data Safely in Cloud 09 Personal Tech FB Bars Use of Site Data for Spying 10 Microsoft/Windows Microsoft, Adobe Intro Joint Offerings INSIDE TOP TECH NEWS NETWORK SITES SERVICES BENEFITS TECH TRENDS NETWORK SECURITY CLOUD COMPUTING HARDWARE APPLICATIONS MICROSOFT/WINDOWS COMMUNICATIONS CONTRIBUTED CONTENT APPLE/MAC MOBILE TECH WORLD WIDE WEB BIG DATA CHIPS & PROCESSORS GOVERNMENT CRM SYSTEMS PERSONAL TECH CIO TODAY TOP TECH NEWS MOBILE TECH TODAY DATA STORAGE TODAY NEWSFACTOR ENTERPRISE SECURITY TODAY SCI-TECH TODAY CRM DAILY ABOUT OUR NETWORK FREE NEWSLETTERS ARTICLE REPRINTS CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICE ADVERTISE WITH US PUBLIC RELATIONS (PR) SERVICES (In Partnership with NewsFactor) SEO SERVICES SPONSORED CONTENT SERVICES News & Product Reviews for Tech Leaders Copyright 2017 CIO Today Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Login All Reviews Editorials News Samsung Plans to Refurbish and Sell the Recalled Note 7 watchOS 3.2 Adds Theater Mode, SiriKit Password Protection Comes To Pages, Numbers, Keynotes on iOS, Mac, iCloud Tips macOS: Creating an App-Specific Password for iCloud Pages for macOS: Always Start New Documents With Specific Template Podcasts Apple's New APFS File System, Developers Respond to App Store Reviews - TMO Daily Observations 2017-03-28 TMO Background Mode Interview with Microsoft Chief Creative Architect Ben Rudolph View All Results → HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick View All Reviews → Apple, Why Don't You Want Folks Sending Secure Emails on iOS? Reminders and Why Siri Rocks 'Em iPhone SE 2017 Another Example of Apple Doing Less and Less with More and More Why the iPad mini is On Its Deathbed PSA: Don't Charge Your iPhones in the Bath View All Editorials → Apple: iCloud Extortionists Haven’t Hacked into Our Systems Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Mar 23rd, 2017 11:35 AM EDT | News Hacker group Turkish Crime Family says it’s going to wipe out over 300 million iCloud accounts on April 7th if Apple doesn’t pay US$75,000 as ransom. Apple says the group hasn’t broken into its servers, so that means the logins they claim to have probably came from old hacks into other company’s services. Hackers demanding $75,000 haven’t broken into Apple’s servers An Apple spokesperson told Fortune, There have not been any breaches in any of Apple’s systems including iCloud and Apple ID. The alleged list of email addresses and passwords appears to have been obtained from previously compromised third-party services. Many of the logins on Turkish Crime Family’s list look like they may have come from a 2012 LinkedIn data breach where over 100 million accounts were compromised, according to someone claiming to have seen the list. That’s not surprising since criminals trying to extort money out of companies in this way, and hackers trying to get into other services will turn to lists like this. The TCF is a hacker group claiming they have somewhere between 300 million and 559 million iCloud logins and are demanding Apple give them $75,000 in Bitcoin or Ethereum cryptocurrency, or $100,000 in iTunes gift cards. If Apple doesn’t pay up by April 7th, they say the accounts will all be wiped and the iPhones linked to those accounts will be factory reset. The ransom amount seems surprisingly low, but Apple still isn’t interested in paying. Apple says it is working with law enforcement to track down the extortionists, and told the group, “We do not reward cyber criminals for breaking the law.” Assuming the iCloud login credentials came from hacks into other online services, it’s a perfect example of why using the same password on multiple sites is a bad idea. Once hackers have your login for one service they have the information they need to get into others. If you’re using the same password on multiple sites, now is a good time to change them and start using a password manager, like 1Password, so you don’t forget any of them. If you aren’t using two-factor authentication with your iCloud account, it’s time to set that up, too. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, extortion, Hackers, iCloud 2 Comments Add a comment Jamie March 23, 2017 Bah. small potatoes. I routinely change passwords and use two-factor authentication. they can do their worst. Whatever. :/ March 23, 2017 at 2:56 EDT PM Andrew Orr March 23, 2017 Please use a password manager and don’t reuse passwords people! March 23, 2017 at 3:49 EDT PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Britain's Home Secretary Pushes for Encryption Back Door Jeff Gamet | March 27, 2017 Apple, Why Don't You Want Folks Sending Secure Emails on iOS? Jeff Butts | March 23, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $143.80 +2.92 (2.07%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Samsung Plans to Refurbish and Sell the Recalled Note 7 watchOS 3.2 Adds Theater Mode, SiriKit Password Protection Comes To Pages, Numbers, Keynotes on iOS, Mac, iCloud Apple TV Remote Update Adds iPad Support, More Apple Releases macOS 10.12.4 with Night Shift, Cricket Scores, Enterprise Features Recent Tips See All » macOS: Creating an App-Specific Password for iCloud Pages for macOS: Always Start New Documents With Specific Template macOS: Accented Letters Are Surprisingly Easy to Type Get Free Bitcoins from 12 Faucets That (Still) Pay Customizing the Services Menu Helps You Optimize macOS Recent Editorials See All » Apple, Why Don't You Want Folks Sending Secure Emails on iOS? Reminders and Why Siri Rocks 'Em iPhone SE 2017 Another Example of Apple Doing Less and Less with More and More Why the iPad mini is On Its Deathbed PSA: Don't Charge Your iPhones in the Bath 13765 Jeff Gamet news 2 1490268905 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Login All Reviews Editorials News Samsung Plans to Refurbish and Sell the Recalled Note 7 watchOS 3.2 Adds Theater Mode, SiriKit Password Protection Comes To Pages, Numbers, Keynotes on iOS, Mac, iCloud Tips macOS: Creating an App-Specific Password for iCloud Pages for macOS: Always Start New Documents With Specific Template Podcasts Apple's New APFS File System, Developers Respond to App Store Reviews - TMO Daily Observations 2017-03-28 TMO Background Mode Interview with Microsoft Chief Creative Architect Ben Rudolph View All Results → HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! V-Moda Crossfade LP2 Headphones Sweat the Details iKlip Grip Pro an Excellent Multifunction Tripod, Monopod, Selfie Stick View All Reviews → Apple, Why Don't You Want Folks Sending Secure Emails on iOS? Reminders and Why Siri Rocks 'Em iPhone SE 2017 Another Example of Apple Doing Less and Less with More and More Why the iPad mini is On Its Deathbed PSA: Don't Charge Your iPhones in the Bath View All Editorials → Here are the Features Apple Cut from Workflow Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Mar 23rd, 2017 10:13 AM EDT | News When the news broke on Wednesday that Apple bought the iOS automation app Workflow that was a good sign the company is serious about having some sort of official AppleScript or Automator-like system for the iPhone and iPad. Unfortunately, that comes with a catch: some of the services the app supported on Tuesday were gone on Wednesday. Workflow may eventually get tighter iOS integration, but it already lost some app support The Workflow 1.7.3 update restricts Maps actions to Apple Maps, and restricts Translate Text to Microsoft Translate. Google Street View Image and Google Chrome aren’t supported any more, and support for Pocket, LINE, Telegram, Uber, and Workflow Gallery submissions are gone, too. That’s bad news for Workflow users who rely on Google’s products, and it hints that Apple isn’t interested in supporting chat apps that compete with Messages. On the upside, Workflow now supports converting PDF to images. Now that Apple owns the app and has its development team, too, it’s a safe bet we’ll see Siri support at some point, and deeper system-level automation, too. That’s great, but may not be much consolation for users who rely on Workflow features that are no longer supported. For everyone who hasn’t gotten around to trying Workflow, Apple axed the US$2.99 price tag and made if free. You can download Workflow at Apple’s App Store. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Email Print Tumblr Tags: Apple, iPad, iPhone, workflow 3 Comments Add a comment Lee Dronick March 23, 2017 Hmmm, no Uber support and Apple is possibly working on an automobile and or driverless technology. March 23, 2017 at 10:24 EDT AM geoduck March 23, 2017 Of course Apple also owns a big chunk of that Chinese Uber competitor as well. March 23, 2017 at 10:52 EDT AM Rick Allen March 23, 2017 Marco Arment says its probably a contract issue as he had to sign a simple one page document a while ago to continue support for Overcast in Workflow. Check his twitter feed at @marcoarment for the details. March 23, 2017 at 11:40 EDT AM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Britain's Home Secretary Pushes for Encryption Back Door Jeff Gamet | March 27, 2017 Apple, Why Don't You Want Folks Sending Secure Emails on iOS? Jeff Butts | March 23, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Are you the Resident Geek for your friends, family and co-workers? If so, you might enjoy hanging out with other like-minded folks on the Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group. Come join the fun! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $143.80 +2.92 (2.07%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Samsung Plans to Refurbish and Sell the Recalled Note 7 watchOS 3.2 Adds Theater Mode, SiriKit Password Protection Comes To Pages, Numbers, Keynotes on iOS, Mac, iCloud Apple TV Remote Update Adds iPad Support, More Apple Releases macOS 10.12.4 with Night Shift, Cricket Scores, Enterprise Features Recent Tips See All » macOS: Creating an App-Specific Password for iCloud Pages for macOS: Always Start New Documents With Specific Template macOS: Accented Letters Are Surprisingly Easy to Type Get Free Bitcoins from 12 Faucets That (Still) Pay Customizing the Services Menu Helps You Optimize macOS Recent Editorials See All » Apple, Why Don't You Want Folks Sending Secure Emails on iOS? Reminders and Why Siri Rocks 'Em iPhone SE 2017 Another Example of Apple Doing Less and Less with More and More Why the iPad mini is On Its Deathbed PSA: Don't Charge Your iPhones in the Bath 13756 Jeff Gamet news 3 1490263996 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple To Start Producing iPhones In India Within Two Months By Adnan Farooqui on 03/23/2017 10:02 PDT It has long been reported that Apple is interested in manufacturing iPhones in India. It has been working out the modalities of such an arrangement with the country’s government over the past few months and according to reports, the two parties appear to have reached an understanding which will enable the company to start producing iPhones in India within two months. The iPhone will be produced at a Wistron plant based in Bangalore. The Wall Street Journal reports that the first Apple products to be manufactured at the Wistron plant in Bangalore will be the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6S. The iPhone SE will also hit the production line in nearly three months. “Almost all preparations have been done for launching Apple’s first phase project in Bangalore through Wistron,” said a government official cited in the report. Local manufacturing is viewed as a key part of Apple’s plan to take a big chunk of India’s smartphone market. It currently accounts for only five percent of the market. Apple has to pay significant import tariffs on iPhones that it sells in India because they’re not manufactured in the country. If the iPhones are manufactured locally it wouldn’t have to pay those tariffs and those savings would obviously be reflected in the costs. Analysts expect the savings to be north of $100 which would go a long way in making iPhones competitive with the endless stream of Android smartphones that have captured the Indian smartphone market. Filed in Apple >Cellphones. Read more about iPhone. Related Articles 2017-03-24 Apple’s (Product) RED iPhone 7 Is Now Available For Purchase 2017-03-23 iPhone 8 Rumored To Launch In Limited Quantities 2017-03-23 Hackers Still Threatening To Wipe Apple Devices 2017-03-23 Apple Looking Into Using Smartphones To Power A Laptop 2017-03-23 How to Add Music On iPhone Without iTunes Sony Announces ‘Venom’ Movie For Release Next Year Lucid Motors' Electric Car Price Confirmed Woman's Headphones Explode Mid-Flight Google’s Allo Can Reveal Your Search History To Your Friends Project Scorpio To Feature Internal Power Supply And 4K Game DVR Google And Levi's Smart Jacket Launches This Fall For $350 Pre-Order Project Scorpio Page Goes Live On Microsoft Store Film Company Trolls Pirates With Fake KickassTorrents Website User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Infosecurity Group Websites Magazine Events Infosecurity Europe Infosecurity Leadership Summit Infosecurity Magazine Conferences Infosecurity Netherlands Infosecurity Belgium Infosecurity Russia Infosecurity Mexico Infosecurity Middle East Leaders Network Insight Infosecurity Webinars Infosecurity Whitepapers Infosecurity Virtual Conferences Our website uses cookies Cookies enable us to provide the best experience possible and help us understand how visitors use our website. By browsing Infosecurity Magazine, you agree to our use of cookies. Okay, I understand Learn more Latest Apple iPhone Users in Crosshairs of a Scareware Campaign AI, Machine Learning: Not Ready for Prime Time Led by AdultFriendFinder, Breached Records Spike 86% History Repeating: Top Five Database Threats Apple Dials Up Encryption as Mobile Threats Soar   News Topics Features Webinars White Papers Events & Conferences Directory Search Infosecurity Magazine Home » News » WikiLeaks Reveal CIA Capabilities to Break into Apple Products 23 Mar 2017 News WikiLeaks Reveal CIA Capabilities to Break into Apple Products Dan Raywood Contributing Editor, Infosecurity Magazine Email Dan Follow @DanRaywood New revelations from WikiLeaks has shown capabilities to break into Apple products. Among the new cache are revelations on the CIA spying programs and capabilities to infect Apple Mac Computer firmware. The new documents, named "Dark Matter", explain the techniques used by the CIA to gain 'persistence' on Apple Mac devices, including Macs and iPhones and demonstrate their use of EFI/UEFI and firmware malware. Among these are the "Sonic Screwdriver" project, which is a "mechanism for executing code on peripheral devices while a Mac laptop or desktop is booting", while "DarkSeaSkies" is an implant that persists in the EFI firmware of an Apple MacBook Air computer’ and consists of DarkMatter, "SeaPea" and "NightSkies" - respectively EFI, kernel-space and user-space implants. The concept of Sonic Screwdriver, which follows the Doctor Who naming theme of "Weeping Angel" from the first release on 7 March, allows an attacker to execute code on peripheral devices while a Mac device is booting, even when a firmware password is enabled. “The CIA's Sonic Screwdriver infector is stored on the modified firmware of an Apple Thunderbolt-to-Ethernet adapter” the leaked document said. Elsewhere, there are documents on "NightSkies 1.2", a "beacon/loader/implant tool" for the Apple iPhone, the "Triton" MacOSX malware, its infector "Dark Mallet" and its EFI-persistent version "DerStake". The DerStake1.4 manual dates to 2013, other Vault 7 documents show that as of 2016 the CIA continues to rely on and update these systems and is working on the production of DerStarke2.0. “While CIA assets are sometimes used to physically infect systems in the custody of a target, it is likely that many CIA physical access attacks have infected the targeted organization's supply chain including by interdicting mail orders and other shipments (opening, infecting, and resending) leaving the United States or otherwise,” WikiLeaks’ release said. The documents are mostly from last decade, except a couple that are dated 2012 and 2013, claimed Motherboard. The previous Vault7 release detailed how the CIA could break into smartphones, computers and other connected devices, including smart TVs. WikiLeaks later announced plans to work with affected manufacturers to help them push out fixes, but according to Motherboard, Julian Assange sent an email to companies mentioned in the documents asking them to sign off on a series of conditions before being able to receive the technical details to deploy patches. In an email to Infosecurity, F-Secure security advisor Sean Sullivan said that he suspected that law enforcement agencies were targeting phones more than 10 years ago, so no doubt intelligence agencies did as well. "In presentations I've often been asked about iPhone security and the answer was always 'it's safe from crimeware, but it can be hacked'. All you needed for evidence was to look at the latest jailbreak. "Given that the CIA does HUMINT, I think that the CIA was seeking a persistent backdoor (Mac & iOS). Given the underlining design of the OSs, it shouldn't have been difficult to develop. With physical access to the device, many things are possible." Paul Calatayud, CTO of FireMon, said: “The validity of the dumps from my 18 years of experience in cyber, including eight years within the army cyber teams, would lead me to state these claims have basis and are worth taking real consideration over. The tools are very noteworthy yet to be expected if you understand the space. "We have seen issues with suppliers and manufacturers in the computer world installing or not being aware of rootkits and low level firmware key loggers being installed, examples being Lenovo. The question moves away from technology capability towards intent and success. This is where I would disagree with others. I suspect this program was able to weaponize malware at low levels of Apple phones. I disagree that the program had large scale reach or that they were able to distribute it with Apple support or with any success. In other words, just because the malware was designed, does not mean it is present in all phones. "Looking at the fight between the FBI and Apple over backdoor and encryption further leads me to believe these capabilities and the malware is not readily deployed in the wild. I suspect there was far greater success of surveillance programs within the wireless networks vs. what's on the device. Just think, what data that lives on your phone is not somehow being transmitted over wireless protocols and internet services; text messages, phone calls, email messages, etc.” Why Not Watch? 29 Jan 2015Sony Pictures Entertainment: The Fallout from 2014’s Biggest Breach 26 Feb 2015Understanding and Responding to Advanced Persistent Threats 8 Oct 2015Fighting Cyber-Attacks Through Security Intelligence 19 Feb 2015Secure Data in the Cloud – Learn to Combat Cyber Threats to Protect Your Assets Related to This Story Critical Takeaways from WikiLeaks 'Vault 7' Release Julian Assange: Wikileaks to Share More CIA Hacking Info with Manufacturers Will Vault7 Shake Infosec Like Snowden? iOS 10 Flaw Could Expose Backup Data to Hackers FBI Postpones Apple Case, Claims Ability to Break into iPhone What’s Hot on Infosecurity Magazine? Read Shared Watched Editor's Choice 1 20 Mar 2017 News Feature Security Certifications are Useless, Right? 2 27 Mar 2017 News FBI Warns on FTP Attacks to Access Medical, Dental Info 3 28 Mar 2017 News Apple Dials Up Encryption as Mobile Threats Soar 4 28 Mar 2017 News LastPass Races to Fix Yet Another Serious Flaw 5 27 Mar 2017 News Kaspersky: Criminals Make 95% Profit on DDoS 6 27 Mar 2017 News Employees Willing to Leak and Sell Corporate Access 1 21 Nov 2016 News FBI: US ATMs Could Be Hacked to Spew Cash 2 18 Nov 2016 News US Government Releases New IoT Security Guidance 3 22 Nov 2016 News Conficker Still on Top as Malware Jumps 5% in October 4 21 Nov 2016 News Data Protection Disputes to Soar Over Next Five Years 5 18 Nov 2016 News UK Retailers Facing One Million Fraud Attempts Per Day 6 17 Nov 2016 News SHA-1 Time Bomb: One Third of Websites Have Yet to Upgrade 1 30 Mar 2017, 15:00 BST, 10:00 EDT Webinar Every Business has the Same Security Challenge: Employees 2 4 Apr 2017, 16:00 BST, 11:00 EDT Webinar Life of: A Penetration Tester 3 23 Mar 2017 Webinar How to Run a Business-Driven SOC 4 4 May 2017, 15:00 BST, 10:00 EDT Webinar 12 Months To Go: Simple Steps to Achieving GDPR Compliance 5 9 Mar 2017 Webinar How IoT Enabled a DDoS, and How to Avoid Being Part of It 6 16 Mar 2017 Webinar Privileged Access Management: Separating People from Passwords 1 20 Mar 2017 News Feature Security Certifications are Useless, Right? 2 22 Mar 2017 News Feature Will Vault7 Shake Infosec Like Snowden? 3 23 Mar 2017 Blog Enterprise Security for the Home 4 22 Mar 2017 Blog Five Questions Board Members Should Ask Their CISO 5 16 Mar 2017 Interview Interview: Alex Dewdney & Chris Ensor, NCSC, GCHQ 6 24 Mar 2017 Opinion The Data Centre as a Time Machine The Magazine About Infosecurity Subscription Meet the Team Contact Us Advertisers Media Pack Contributors Forward Features Op-ed Copright © 2017 Reed Exhibitions Ltd. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Sitemap Please wait…
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. How to use Workflow, the app that Apple just bought and made free for everyone Alex Heath and Kif Leswing Mar. 23, 2017, 1:06 PM 511,149 facebook linkedin twitter email print Workflow Apple bought an app called Workflow on Thursday. The app automates stuff you do all the time on your iPhone and iPad and turns those tasks into a simple button. But instead of killing the app, as Apple usually does when it acquires a startup, Apple made it free. Basically, Workflow is like a Swiss army knife for completing complicated tasks, which the app calls "workflows," on the iPhone or iPad. For example, you can use Workflow to make GIFs out of photos in your camera roll, automatically make websites into PDFs, delete screenshots from your camera roll, and much more. Workflow is designed to make you more productive on iOS, and it has the potential to replace entire apps on your home screen. Here's how it works: View As: One Page Slides Workflow is now free in the App Store. It used to cost $2.99, which was a fair price. Tech Insider Download it here » Each colored thumbnail in the app represents a different workflow. Workflow There's a gallery of other people's workflows that you can download for free. If you're not good at scripts, this is the most useful part of the app. Workflow Here you'll find some good ones, such as these. Tech Insider This workflow will make a GIF out of the last five photos in your camera roll. Handy! Tech Insider Once you download a workflow, you can customize any aspect of it. For Photos to GIF, I tweaked it so I can manually select the photos I want to include and adjusted the time that each photo is shown in the GIF. Tech Insider To use a workflow, access it from the share menu, which is usually found at the bottom left of an app. Tech Insider You can also access workflows through a widget in Notification Center. Kif Leswing And workflows can even have their own app icons on your home screen. Tech Insider If you're especially creative, you can make your own workflow from scratch. You do this by chaining together actions such as opening a file in an app or opening a webpage. Simply drag an action from the left window of the app to the Workflow window on the right. Tech Insider The app can help guide you to figure out what kind of workflow you want to make. Tech Insider I made this workflow, which saves a photo, video, or link to my Dropbox account and copies a link to my clipboard — all with one tap of a button. This is useful when I want to quickly save a large file to my Dropbox account and share it with someone. Tech Insider Workflow can do a lot, but you have to play with it for at least a day or two to understand its real potential. It could change the way you use your iPhone or iPad. Workflow If you're interested, there's a subreddit dedicated to Workflow that's a good place to find other creative uses for the app. SEE ALSO: Apple just bought the app it once crowned 'most innovative' More: Features Workflow Apps Tech Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru How to use Workflow, the app that Apple just bought and made free for everyone How to use Workflow, the app that Apple just bought and made free for everyone Apple bought an app called Workflow on Thursday... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Michael Lewis on how to deal with bosses and control your own career More "Idea Factory" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE iOS 10.3 Extends Wi-Fi Calling and VoLTE Support to More Carriers Apple Seeds tvOS 10.2.1 Beta and watchOS 3.2.2 Beta to Developers [Download] Apple Seeds macOS Sierra 10.12.5 Beta to Developers [Download] Apple Seeds iOS 10.3.2 Beta to Developers for Testing [Download] Hacker Luca Todesco: 'I Am Done With Jailbreaking' Apple Rumored to Integrate Siri Into iMessage, iCloud With iOS 11 Here is the Full Changelog for iOS 10.3 Next Generation Apple Watch to Include SIM Card, LTE Support? Apple Releases iOS 10.3 With New Apple File System, Find My AirPods, More [Download] Facebook Officially Announces Camera Effects, Stories, Direct Sharing [Video] Apple Releases macOS Sierra 10.12.4 With Night Shift [Download] Amazon Offers Limited Time Discounts on Kindles [Deal] Apple Releases watchOS 3.2 With New Theater Mode, SiriKit, More [Download] Developers Can Now Respond to App Store Reviews Apple Classroom App Updated With Ability to Share Documents and Links to Student Devices via AirDrop Movado Announces Connect Smartwatch Powered By Android Wear 2.0 [Image] WWDC 2017 Registration is Now Open Red iPhone 7 With a Black Front [Video] Apple Updates Pages, Keynote, and Numbers for iOS With New Features [Download] Apple Releases Xcode 8.3 With Swift 3.1, SDK for iOS 10.3, More [Download] Apple to Start Assembling iPhones in India Within 4-6 Weeks LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted March 23, 2017 at 3:02pm by iClarified · 4459 views · Translate Apple will start assembling iPhones in India within the next 4-6 weeks for the first time, reports the WSJ. An official said Wistron will start making iPhone 6 and 6s models at a plant in Bangalore. In about three months the iPhone SE will be added to the assembly line. “Almost all preparations have been done for launching Apple’s first phase project in Bangalore through Wistron,” the official told The Wall Street Journal. “We’ve been working hard to develop our operations in India,” an Apple spokeswoman said, declining to comment on the company’s specific plans for India. “We appreciate the constructive and open dialogue we’ve had with government about further expanding our local operations.” Making iPhones in India will allow Apple to lower prices by at least $100 due to a much lower import tariff bill. Sources say Apple is also looking to bring component manufacturers to India to make parts and export finished phones. More details in the full report linked below... Read More Follow iClarified Comments (4) Add Comment NGO - March 26, 2017 at 2:21am Your name suggests what you are - Trash. It's people like you are the saddest type of human beings on the planet. Being racist or making a racist comment or cracking a joke with intensely dark humor targeting fellow human beings is purely low. With your low life comments you only satisfy your inner demons. You should probably get checked by a doctor - you sick bullying psychopath. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Trash - March 23, 2017 at 4:12pm Will they come with curry smell? Reply · Like · Mark as Spam anyone - March 23, 2017 at 4:44pm What a stupid comment grow up...if the iPhone is made in America will it come with Bacon or Burger smell? Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Scribbler - March 24, 2017 at 2:12pm If you can live with the noodle smell you should get used to curry too. Both of which smell much better than unwashed rednecks, in any case. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad WikiLeaks 'Dark Matter' dump claims CIA has targeted Apple devices for at least a decade with software used to bug 'factory fresh iPhones' Documents suggest CIA has been targeting iPhones since at least 2008 Program called NightSkies is designed to infect 'factory fresh iPhones' The leak also shows the CIA uses malware to infect Mac laptops and desktops Leak suggests CIA is continuing to rely on these systems as of 2016 By Cheyenne Macdonald For Dailymail.com Published: 12:59 EDT, 23 March 2017 | Updated: 11:48 EDT, 24 March 2017 e-mail 137 shares 90 View comments WikiLeaks has released a new set of documents from its Vault 7 dump called ‘Dark Matter,’ which it claims confirms that the Central Intelligence Agency has been spying on Apple devices for roughly a decade. The documents in the leak suggest the CIA has been bugging iPhones since at least 2008 – just a year after they were first released – and Mac computers starting even before that. According to WikiLeaks, the documents reveal the CIA has designed malware to infect 'factory fresh iPhones,' and a bug that persists in Apple Macs even if the operating system is re-installed. But, Apple says the vulnerabilities discussed in the leak have long been fixed, and the firm continues to work as 'defenders of our users' security and privacy.'  WikiLeaks has released a new set of documents called Vault 7 ‘Dark Matter,’ which it claims confirms that the Central Intelligence Agency has been spying on Apple devices for roughly a decade WHAT WIKILEAKS CLAIMS  The new leak reveals a slew of documents that suggest the CIA has been targeting Apple devices for roughly a decade. Program called NightSkies reached version 1.2 by 2008 - just a year after the iPhone was released - and is designed to be installed in 'factory fresh iPhones.'  Malware designed for Mac computers, both laptops and desktop, can persist ‘even if you throw away your hard drive and reinstall your operating system.’ The release also reveals documents on the ‘Triton’ malware for MacOSX, including an infector called ‘Dark Mallet,’ and an EFI persistent version called ‘DerStake.’ While DerStarke 1.4 dates back to 2013, the other documents show that the CIA continued to rely on these systems as recently as 2016, and continues to update them as they work on the production of DerStarke 2.0, according to WikiLeaks.   The documents demonstrate the CIA’s use of EFI/UEFI and firmware malware on Apple Mac devices, according to WikiLeaks. ‘That means that this is a malware technique developed by the CIA to insert its malware and viruses into people’s computer systems, Macintosh computer systems, which doesn’t store itself on the regular hard drive that people use,’ WikiLeaks publisher Julian Assange said in a press conference live-streamed on Periscope today. Instead, according to Assange, it will persist ‘even if you throw away your hard drive and reinstall your operating system.’ The leak also includes the manual for a program called ‘NightSkies 1.2,’ which is a ‘beacon/loader/implant tool’ for the iPhone. NightSkies had reached version 1.2 by 2008, suggesting it had been in development for some time before that. And, the program is 'expressly designed' to be physically installed in ‘factory fresh iPhones,’ Assange said. This, in essence, means ‘the CIA has been infecting the iPhone supply chain of its targets since at least 2008,’ WikiLeaks claims. According to the document, the NightSkies implant would allow the phone to act as a beacon, transmitting information to a ‘listening post.’ It would also enable the listening post to receive and execute commands, and even transfer files.  But, Apple says the problem only affected iPhone 3Gs, and was fixed in 2009. Along with this, the firm says the Mac vulnerabilities have been fixed since 2013. 'We have preliminarily assessed the Wikileaks disclosures from this morning,’ Apple said in a statement to Dailymail.com. ‘Based on our initial analysis, the alleged iPhone vulnerability affected iPhone 3G only and was fixed in 2009 when iPhone 3GS was released. ‘Additionally, our preliminary assessment shows the alleged Mac vulnerabilities were previously fixed in all Macs launched after 2013.’  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Intel creates computer memory that is 1,000 TIMES faster... Apple to open iPhone factory in India within two months in... Mysterious 'robot' is spotted on top of Elon Musk's SpaceX... Would YOU try it? Vegetarian burger that 'bleeds' is set to... Share this article Share 137 shares WikiLeaks also revealed a program from 2012 called ‘Sonic Screwdriver,’ which the CIA document describes as ‘mechanism for executing code on peripheral devices while a Mac laptop or desktop is booting.’ This means the attacker can implement the software from a USB stick, cracking into the device ‘even when a firmware password is enabled.’ The documents also reveal a project called ‘DarkSeaSkies,’ which dates back to 2009 and is used to infect the EFI firmware of an Apple MacBook Air computer. Along with this, it describes an earlier version of the iPhone-targeting Nightskies program, Nightskies 1.1. But at the time, they wrote that it ‘does not have stealth and persistence capabilities.’ APPLE'S RESPONSE TO THE LEAK 'We have preliminarily assessed the Wikileaks disclosures from this morning,’ Apple said in a statement to Dailymail.com ‘Based on our initial analysis, the alleged iPhone vulnerability affected iPhone 3G only and was fixed in 2009 when iPhone 3GS was released. ‘Additionally, our preliminary assessment shows the alleged Mac vulnerabilities were previously fixed in all Macs launched after 2013. ‘We have not negotiated with Wikileaks for any information. We have given them instructions to submit any information they wish through our normal process under our standard terms. ‘Thus far, we have not received any information from them that isn’t in the public domain. ‘We are tireless defenders of our users' security and privacy, but we do not condone theft or coordinate with those that threaten to harm our users.’  ‘DarkSeaSkies’ is made up of a number of implants for the computers, including EFI, kernel-space and user-space implants known as ‘DarkMatter,’ ‘SeaPea,’ and ‘NightSkies,’ respectively. The release also reveals documents on the ‘Triton’ malware for MacOSX, including an infector called ‘Dark Mallet,’ and an EFI persistent version called ‘DerStake.’ ‘By using the EFI method, the CIA is able to keep Triton embedded into Apple products across updates,’ Assange said in the press conference. The documents show DerStarke 1.4 dates back to 2013. But, according to WikiLeaks, the other documents show that the CIA continued to rely on these systems as recently as 2016, and continues to update them as they work on the production of DerStarke 2.0. Apple has run preliminary analyses on the claims, and says they've instructed WikiLeaks to submit their information based on their firm's standard process. According to WikiLeaks, the documents reveal the CIA has designed malware to infect 'factory fresh iPhones,' and a bug that persists in Apple Macs even if the operating system is re-installed. A stock image is pictured  WIKILEAKS' VAULT 7 DUMP REVEALS CIA HACKING SECRETS   On March 7, WikiLeaks published thousands of documents that claimed to reveal top CIA hacking secrets, including its ability to break into encrypted apps. This includes Whatsapp, Signal, Telegram, Wiebo, Confide and Cloakman. The leak claims the CIA can bypass these apps’ encryption by hacking the smartphones they run on. According to WikiLeaks, the Vault 7 dump is the most comprehensive release of US spying files ever made public. It purportedly includes 8,761 documents and files from an isolated, high-security network situated inside the CIA's Center for Cyber Intelligence in Langley, Virgina. The documents reveal CIA-developed software intended to hack iPhones, Android phones, smart TVs and Microsoft, Mac and Linux operating systems. According to WikiLeaks, some of these remote hacking programs can turn these electronic devices into recording and transmitting stations to spy on their targets. ‘We have not negotiated with Wikileaks for any information. We have given them instructions to submit any information they wish through our normal process under our standard terms,' Apple continued, in a statement to Dailymail.com. ‘Thus far, we have not received any information from them that isn’t in the public domain. ‘We are tireless defenders of our users' security and privacy, but we do not condone theft or coordinate with those that threaten to harm our users.’  The document also claims that the CIA may use these types of attacks to infect systems in the custody of a particular target, or to infect a targeted organizations’ supply chain. ‘You shouldn’t think of CIA malware as simply one program that is one little virus that connects to a system and does one job,’ Assange said in the conference. ‘In fact, there is effectively a malware ecology that is being developed by the Central Intelligence Agency over the last decade, with many different interacting components.’  Share or comment on this article e-mail 137 shares Most watched News videos Dead man is cut out of the stomach of a seven metre long PYTHON Monkman gets the better of Seagull in University Challenge semi-final Shocking moment a driver is punched through his car window Driver's hilarious attempt to squeeze car through tight gap Maid caught on camera appearing to be POSSESSED by evil spirits Furious cyclist smashes driver's windscreen with his own bike Mother films invasive TSA pat-down of her disabled teenage son Brazen man catches huge COBRA out of hole with his bare hands Dad confronts policewoman who confiscated daffodils from daughters UNC's Luke Maye goes to his 8AM class after beating Kentucky Dramatic moment a car is struck by lightning as it drives down road Shocking carer steals money out of dementia patient's handbag Horrifying moment villagers cut open a giant python and... Make it so! Calls for Sir Patrick Stewart to appear on... Hedge fund executive, 56, who invested billions with... The battery farm calves: Shocking photos show young... Surrogate slave: Florida woman, 47, paid for young woman... Mother films 'horrifying' pat-down of her disabled... 'The lioness who inspired us all': Lawyers pay tribute to... Three teenage burglars are shot dead by homeowner's son,... KATIE HOPKINS: WhatsApp? What's up is the great... Furious white van passenger repeatedly punches a driver... Sturgeon throws down the gauntlet: Scottish Parliament... Has George Michael been buried under cover of darkness?... ‘Ali v Foreman, but with jumpers on’: Cambridge whizz... Three nursery nurses 'cruelly force-fed toddlers in their... Woman discovers chilling footage appearing to show her... Fortress Britain: Police install new anti-terror barriers... One was relaxed, every inch a stateswoman while her... 'The judge WAS right': Teenage rape victim who was... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 90 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Inside a Soviet rocket graveyard: Haunting images reveal how boosters that once helped launch a spaceplane... A devastating mega tsunami could hit tourists hotspots in Spain and Portugal at ANY TIME killing thousands,... Unpiloted, amphibious cargo drones the size of Boeing 777s could take to the skies by 2020 Is this a member of Indonesia's lost pygmy tribe? Mysterious small figure is caught on camera scurrying out... Would YOU let a robot crawl through your intestines? Worm-like machine could be miniaturised to help doctors... Fancy a sand castle? Saturn's largest moon Titan has electric SAND that can stick together for weeks Sex may have evolved as a way to fight DISEASE: Offspring carry beneficial mutations that allow them to... 'Doomsday Library' opens in Norway where the world's most precious BOOKS will be stored in digital form to... More DEADLY heat is on its way: Study finds extreme heat events will soon affect 350 million people even if... Is this the end of the F-15 fighter jet? US Air Force considers retiring the 'king of the skies' in a bid to... Blood-sucking flies could act as 'flying syringes' to detect diseases in animals before they spread to... Children have a stable home environment and perform better at school if their biological father lives with... Amazon tests grocery service in Seattle that will have orders ready for pickup in just 15 minutes Incredible images of wild tigers wandering deep in the Thai jungle spark hope for the endangered species Credit card details and passwords of MILLIONS of users have been leaked online by Microsoft's Docs.com MORE HEADLINES That really IS a high rise: Sci-fi plan to hang a wandering skyscraper from asteroid orbiting Earth is unveiled Revealed: Google Chrome has a secret tongue-in-cheek message for heavy porn users A devastating mega tsunami could hit tourists hotspots in Spain and Portugal at ANY TIME killing thousands, warn scientists Update your iPhone now! iOS 10.3 instantly helps free up storage space on your handset Inside a Soviet rocket graveyard: Haunting images reveal how boosters that once helped launch a spaceplane have been abandoned for two decades Why teenagers have no excuse for staying in bed: Youngsters would wake more easily if they spent time outside and stopped using screens at night  Men who regularly watch pornography are less happy in their relationships, study finds Autism was key to human evolution, new study claims  Is this the end of the F-15 fighter jet? US Air Force considers retiring the 'king of the skies' in a bid to cut costs The 'magic carpet' software that helps fighter jet pilots make a perfect landing on a warship in ANY conditions The satellite system that could avoid another MH370: Radical scheme to track aircraft wherever they are to be fully operational in 2018 'Doomsday Library' opens in Norway where the world's most precious BOOKS will be stored in digital form to protect them from the apocalypse Monster millipede is found... in Wales: New species is discovered underneath a pile of stone in a Welsh coal mine by scientists  Unpiloted, amphibious cargo drones the size of Boeing 777s could take to the skies by 2020 Credit card details and passwords of MILLIONS of users have been leaked online by Microsoft's Docs.com MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today EXCLUSIVE: 'Sexual abuse became part of the fabric of my soul.' Author of book and Octavia Spencer film The Shack tells of his horrific childhood Renovation Ivanka: How the First Daughter and Jared have transformed their DC home with a mixture of top designers and  day-to-day brands She's a real work of art! Kate wows in a forest green lace dress by Temperley for a glittering gala at the National Portrait Gallery in London 'I would go to sleep crying': Michelle Pfeiffer, 58, talks playing Al Pacino's cocaine-addicted trophy wife in Scarface as she poses for Interview magazine 'Hanging out like best buds': Kendall Jenner is a dream in green as she spends the day shopping with Paris Jackson at a flea market in LA Discover Los Angeles for FREE: Our guide to experiencing the city without spending a cent All you need is the right know-how SPONSORED 'I feel gross!' My Big Fat Fabulous Life star Whitney Thore can't believe her ears after discovering the man she's dating is her COUSIN Someone's ready for spring! Malia Obama bares her legs in mini dress as she heads into work She braved NYC temperatures in the 40s  Just admiring the view! Kristin Cavallari posts nude photo of husband Jay Cutler gazing out at the Caribbean water while on romantic trip to Mexico Back to business! Bethenny Frankel slips into flattering LBD for night out in NYC after posing up a storm in a bikini on Mexican getaway Pitch Perfect fans claim Rebel Wilson is being body-shamed after photo shows her wearing a short-sleeve tee while co-stars pose in skin-baring halters  'I wanted to physically harm myself': WWE star Paige reveals pain she suffered after sex tape leaked... as fiance announces their wedding date 'I greet him with a Versace towel and water in a Versace glass': Kim Kardashian reveals she pampers Kanye West after his concerts Think you know LA? Think again! From Sunken City to a pizzeria that makes women go into labor, the sights you won't find in a guidebook SPONSORED 'The workouts pay off!': Nicole Murphy, 49, flashes her abs in Instagram image after being spotted at West Hollywood gym Mom-of-five looks good Val Kilmer claps back at critics who called him 'creepy' and 'obsessive' for revealing his longtime crush on Cate Blanchett in a series of tweets Morning perk! Braless Jenna Dewan Tatum flashes her chest in sheer black top as she exits coffee shop in LA The Step Up star wore a casual outfit  Flirty at the fairground: Kim Zolciak's daughter Brielle Biermann kisses boyfriend Michael Kopech while posing for playful shoot Romantic day out 'I would never play a person of a different race!': Scarlett Johansson answers critics who say her role in Ghost In The Shell is a 'whitewash' Emma Thompson blasts Hollywood's 'terrible' anorexia problem (and reveals she once threatened to QUIT film after co-star was told to lose weight)  Out and a pout: Rumer Willis flashes big smile with plumped up lips while promoting new Empire role  She has transformed her look in recent months Just in time for Easter: Reese Witherspoon cuddles up to a bunny as she models new dress from her Draper James clothing line Always busy mom Rooney Mara appears topless as a grieving widow in new trailer for A Ghost Story with Casey Affleck Movie got rave reviews at Sundance festival Shameless star Emmy Rossum's 'house robbed of $150k worth of jewelry after she left combinations written down near home safes' Broken back door  Mariah Carey relaxes in a robe on her 47th birthday while enjoying luxury beach trip with toyboy Bryan Tanaka Chilled out in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico Legs for days! Katie Holmes shows off her dancer legs as she models a denim miniskirt under her oversized coat in chilly New York City Leonardo DiCaprio and Nina Agdal join Orlando Bloom on board a boat during St Barts vacation as they celebrate the swimsuit model's 25th birthday 'I knew he was struggling': Prince's ex-wife Mayte speaks out about the pop icon's devastating addiction, secret overdoses and drug stashes Effortlessly sophisticated! Kate Hudson steps out in suede ankle boots and pinstripe pants...after packing on the PDA with Danny Fujikawa 'I fell in love': Alec Baldwin recalls the moment he asked if 30 Rock co-star Tina Fey was single... and reveals he almost passed on SNL Trump gig She Did It Again! Shakira dazzles in lace and leather for children's charity launch in Barcelona... after winning an award for her philanthropic efforts What's the buzz Rusty? Russell Crowe channels Romper Stomper character with new crew cut as he works on his fitness with a park kick about Braless Cara Delevingne ditches her trademark hoodie and trainers for vampish glam as she flashes endless legs in PVC mini at Cinemacon event Sophie Taylor, the Australian model pictured with Prince William on his ski holiday, hopes the attention 'relaunches her modelling career' Another day, another bikini! Victoria's Secret Angel Martha Hunt stuns in green two-piece on Miami vacation The 27-year-old flaunted her incredible body All made up... for takeout! Chrissy Teigen looks chic in straw hat, striped blouse and torn jeans to pick up food at hot spot Madeo in West Hollywood There's the money shot! Malin Akerman and onscreen husband Damian Lewis strip off for raunchy sex scene during their new drama Billions  'My girl met my girl!' Hoda Kotb shares photo of Today co-host Kathie Lee Gifford cuddling adopted newborn tot Haley Joy during the pair's first meeting 'It could happen': Nick Jonas sounds hopeful about co-starring with pal Jennifer Lopez in the NBC live musical revival of Bye Bye Birdie Big show in works Drake abruptly cancels Amsterdam concert at last moment due to 'extreme food poisoning after eating bad sushi'... as fans vent frustration on Twitter 'This isn't the last you've seen of me': Maksim Chmerkovskiy vows to return to DWTS alongside Heather Morris after calf injury keeps him on sidelines Make-up free Liv Tyler cuts a chic figure in specs and skintight leggings as she enjoys a shopping spree in London with fiance Dave Gardner 'We all float down here': Teaser trailer and poster for Stephen King's IT heads down to the sewer with evil clown Pennywise 'I miss LA': Karrueche Tran longs for home as she shares makeup-free selfie in New Orleans... after showing off her fit physique during workout session Daddy's little Idol! Eric Cowell is the spitting image of father Simon as he joins glam mom Lauren Silverman for a spot of fine dining in Malibu David Beckham as you've never seen him before! Unrecognizable hunk sports gruesome rotting teeth and huge scar on his face on set of new King Arthur flick Girls who code: Ivanka reveals she will take computer language class with her daughter, Arabella, 5, as she addresses Air and Space Museum  There she blows! Kyra Sedgwick has a Marilyn Monroe moment as a gust of wind lifts up her skirt during outing with husband Kevin Bacon Wind beneath her skirt 'Namaste': Lindsay Lohan shows off her cleavage in a plunging black swimsuit as she embraces her inner zen in Thailand Visiting Phuket Pillow talk! Demi Lovato and Jimmy Fallon make out with cushions as they play teenage besties in hilarious new Ew! segment  Pamela Anderson offers to take Prime Minister of Ireland out for a pint of Guinness if he supports banning the use of wild animals in circuses John Legend looks typically cool in a statement leather jacket as he arrives for radio interview in Paris He'll be on tour in Europe in the fall Her body is still Bootylicious! Kelly Rowland shows off her STUNNING physique in one-piece swimsuit during day at the beach with son Titan, 2 'He's just the best guy': Ryan Gosling raves about co-star Harrison Ford while promoting Blade Runner sequel at CinemaCon  He was a little starstruck Ellie Goulding cozies up to rumored beau Caspar Jopling as they enjoy a romantic stroll in NYC... following her fling with the Beckhams' bodyguard Bobby Rich My how you've grown! Nicole Kidman's daughters Sunday and Faith are spitting image of their famous mom as they stroll through Sydney Airport  What's Eating Gilbert Grape star Darlene Cates, who played Leonardo DiCaprio and Johnny Depp's mother in hit movie, dies at age 69 Bikini babe! Cara Santana flashes hint of cleavage and rock hard abs as she flaunts her bod in sexy Instagram snap Actress gave closeup  A new royal military man! Handsome Crown Prince Hussein of Jordan follows in William and Harry's footsteps by enrolling at Sandhurst  Secret admirers? Kendall Jenner and her pal Cara Delevingne hold red roses as they party the night away in LA with their model buddy Lily Donaldson 'We will miss you': Katy Perry changes Twitter handle and pays tribute to 18-year-old fan who died in car accident The 32-year-old singer wrote touching message Rihanna strips off as Bates Motel FINALLY reveals its iconic Psycho shower scene... after singer confessed she can't bear to watch her raunchy moments Is the Fresh Prince going back to Bel-Air? Internet goes into meltdown as cast of 90s show reunites... raising fans' hopes of a new series Bar Refaeli reveals she's pregnant with second child as she shows off baby bump... eight months after welcoming daughter Liv with husband Adi Ezra 'I want you to be better': New trailer for Spider-Man: Homecoming shows Peter Parker being mentored by Tony Stark as they take on Vulture Start and end! Katie Maloney and Tom Schwartz get married as Scheana Marie plans for divorce on Vanderpump Rules Joy and heartbreak  'RIP beautiful princess': Tributes pour in for Zayn Malik's cousin Arshiya after she dies aged five following battle with brain tumor One Direction star Kate's Brexit tour continues! Duchess of Cambridge to visit Luxembourg with Prince William in May as royals stage European charm offensive Crown Princess Mary gives Queen Mathilde a sightseeing tour as they take boat trip with their husbands on day one of the Belgian royals' state visit to Denmark Justin Bieber faces being ARRESTED in Brazil four years after allegedly spray painting graffiti on wall of $28m hotel Happened in 2013 What a year it's been! Ivanka Trump shares adorable photos of her sharing spaghetti with baby Theodore as he turns one  Another milestone  Camera shy Demi Moore keeps it casual as she heads home with daughter Scout, 25, after a family dinner date at Mastro's Steakhouse in Beverly Hills Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, looks in good spirits during grocery shop run... as she moves on from nude photo leak drama Billie Lourd and Taylor Lautner look smitten in poppy field... as it's revealed she isn't looking after her late mother Carrie Fisher's beloved French bulldog Kendall Jenner cruises around the sunny streets of LA in her eye-catching purple convertible Cadillac Joined by rapper Yoni Laham and other friends Bella Thorne tells fans she 'hates' being single before sharing saucy Snapchats from a night out with friends Wild child is known for her active love life 'She was denying and crying': Kim Kardashian was with Paris Hilton when sex tape leaked.. but allegedly 'calmed down' when talk turned to money Off-duty beauty: Make-up free model Kate Moss, 43, keeps it casual in a khaki jacket and skinny jeans as she leaves a photo shoot in London 'Go with Guy Fieri here': Blake Shelton continues to mock show rival Adam Levine's blonde hair on The Voice Cooking up some competition Devon Windsor shows off her killer legs in tiny Daisy Dukes for photo shoot in Miami Showed why she is a top Victoria's Secret supermodel She's got that magic hour glow! Margot Robbie enjoys wedded bliss on a tropical beach with a chilled flute of champagne in hand at sunset 'Stop and frisky': Erika Jayne plays naughty motorist with Gleb Savchenko as officer on Dancing With The Stars Comedian Chris Kattan was eliminated 'I think everything I do is terrible': Lorde shows off her quirky style in plunging Bardot ensemble... as she reveals her self deprecating side Heath Ledger's 'blood-stained' shirt from Brokeback Mountain and James Bond's tuxedo go on sale in auction of Hollywood memorabilia  So it's on? Bachelorette alum Luke Pell cozies up to Danielle Lombard at event...after revealing they've been 'hanging out' 'I'm not commenting on it at all': Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans refuses to address new co-star Briana DeJesus after 2014 Twitter feud Dissent in the ranks Nicole Kidman says  Keith Urban was shocked at her 'massive bruises' caused by physical Big Little Lies love scenes with Alexander Skarsgard  'Is that a prosthetic?': Big Little Lies fans react excitedly on Twitter after Alexander Skarsgard appears to go full-frontal One very revealing role She likes a man in the kitchen! Scarlett Johansson reveals her two celebrity crushes are Gordon Ramsay and Anthony Bourdain Recently filed for divorce 'I saw the pain in my eyes': Dynasty star Linda Evans admits that she shocked by online leak of 'disturbing' 2014 DUI arrest footage Soap star spoke out Brooding boy! Hollywood hunk Brenton Thwaites rocks long locks in pensive photo-shoot, revealing his idol is fellow Australian Hugh Jackman Jessica Chastain strikes a sultry pose in cleavage-baring Alexander McQueen dress at the premiere of The Zookeeper's Wife Never fails to impress Hotting up! Lily James shows off flat stomach as she peels off turtle neck sweater while enjoying stroll in sunshine with boyfriend Matt Smith Michael Jackson's business partners lose their bid to grab a share of his assets after judge rejects claim the star promised them a stake in his company  Jailbird Apollo Nida 'on the hunt for millions' after judge nullifies divorce from Real Housewives' Phaedra Parks Still legally married  Kendall Jenner stuns in belted silk jacket (and not much else) as she poses with Lily Donaldson at Valerian teaser screening Standing out   Field of dreams for sale! Kevin Costner lists his sprawling Montecito property for $60million Sprawling property extends over a majestic 10 acres She's a real team player! Queen Letizia of Spain is presented with a basketball jersey emblazoned with her name as she meets young athletes in Madrid Making them green with envy! Julianne Hough dazzles on the red carpet in plunging emerald gown for Dancing With The Stars Showstopper  Burt Bacharach is being sued by a dog sitter who claims his Portuguese Water Dog bit off two of his fingers, requiring a skin graft from his groin  New dad Liam Payne, 23, cracks a joke about being on diaper duty after welcoming son... as girlfriend Cheryl, 33, 'hatches plan to conquer the mommy market' 'I had a $28,000 hotel bill': Cher claims the REAL reason she finally agreed to appear on David Letterman's show was for the paycheck Legendary feud 'I dream of genie': Khloe shows off her svelte figure and trim waist in a plunging white jumpsuit... after revealing she used to be 'shamed' for her curves Greased Lightning strikes twice! John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John set to return as Sandy and Danny to mark 40 year anniversary of original Flex appeal! A muscular Justin Theroux shows off his ripped arms in edgy punk shirt as he leaves the gym in West Hollywood Starry eyed! Queen Maxima opts for a heavily-embellished coat for another day of engagements with her glamorous guest, Argentina's First Lady Christian Siriano designed custom two piece 'fairy tale' bridal look for OITNB star Samira Wiley...after she 'spent years in an orange jumpsuit'  'Never let go': Sofia Richie, 18, gets SEVENTH tattoo with a personal motto inked on her wrist What's she holding on to?  Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson shows off his huge biceps in leather jacket as he promotes Jumanji reboot Certainly knows how to rock a jacket Grizzled Casey Affleck is joined by screen daughter Anna Pniowsky as they shoot scenes for new drama Light Of My Life on Vancouver Island Happy Birthday Mommy! Fergie celebrates turning 42 with sung greetings from husband Josh Duhamel and their son Axl A sheer winner! Tyra Banks wears see-through lace pantsuit as she gears up for her new role as host of America's Got Talent Looked glamorous 'It looks dope': Prince Jackson shows off massive armor inspired tattoo on his chest after months of work The 20-year-old took video of his huge inking Double trouble! Heidi Klum shows off her long legs in purple mini as Mel B glitters in low-cut jumpsuit at America's Got Talent event Who's judging? Meg Ryan bundles up as she has a girls' day out in NYC with daughter Daisy The 55-year-old actress kept off the chill Louis Tomlinson looks in high spirits while posing for selfies with fans in Miami... as he is set to appear in court over airport brawl at LAX Mel B shimmers in plunging metallic jumpsuit she makes her first public appearance since filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte at AGT launch Has George Michael been buried under cover of darkness? Photo posted by boyfriend Fadi Fawaz sparks flurry of internet speculation Died on Christmas Day Romeo Beckham, 14, shares a sweet moment with little sister Harper, five, as he gushes about their close relationship in family Instagram snaps  Glee vet Matthew Morrison 'will guest star on season 13 of Grey's Anatomy' as Dr Paul Stadler New role for hunky actor Heaven sent! Victoria's Secret Angel Jasmine Tookes stuns in a backless off-shoulder top and flares as she enjoys dinner date Maria Sharapova wears ice pack on her ankle as she returns from tennis practice ahead of comeback from drugs ban Ready for return Mommy and me! Charlize Theron shares a playful moment with her daughter August... returning home after a whirlwind week in Asia Quality time  Out of this world! Cara Delevingne shows off her long legs in futuristic outfit at screening for her sci-fi movie Valerian Back to the future  A dog's life! Selma Blair takes her pooch Ducky for a day of pampering at the salon in Los Angeles The 44-year-old enjoyed a pamper session Seeing Angels! Victoria's Secret models Taylor Hill and Romee Strijd have lunch together in Hollywood The two showed off their toned stomachs SPOILER ALERT: Katie Cassidy returns to Arrow... as a different character than the one she started out playing Will return for two episodes Beautiful in blue! Debra Messing, 48, wows in body hugging navy gown with plunging neckline to receive honors at New York gala   Step aside, mom and dad! Jude Law and Sadie Frost's model daughter Iris, 16, stuns in her second make-up campaign for Burberry Essentials Together again! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin arrive in style at chat show to promote new season of Netflix series Arriving in style  Hell for leather! Rosario Dawson and Krysten Ritter dress in biker jackets as they film scenes for Marvel's The Defenders Matching outfits Blushing bridesmaid! Rachel Bilson stuns in dramatic blush-colored gown for a friend's wedding Actress' low cut gown stole the show 'I always dream of having another child, but I'm too old now': Nicole Kidman, 49, admits her desire to have another baby... but husband Keith Urban has told her 'no' Make it so! Calls for Patrick Stewart to appear on SNL as Kellyanne Conway as old pictures of him in drag resurface looking like Trump's counselor  Mel B's brother-in-law claims Stephen Belafonte would get jealous in the couple's 'fun loose open kind of relationship' as he speaks about their split Busy mommy! Blake Lively looks chic in newsboy cap as she rushes into cab... after Ryan Reynolds reveals he 'doesn't mind' her kissing other actors Clem Curtis, the original lead singer of The Foundations, has died age 76 following a battle with cancer Hits such as Baby I've Got You All grown up! Eminem's 21-year-old daughter Hailie Scott stuns in new Instagram photos... as it's revealed she's a normal college student in Michigan Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa is spotted jogging in California after she revealed she has to run three miles a day to deal with stress of divorce 'I was in a lot of pain after those really violent scenes': Nicole Kidman reveals being hit by Alexander Skarsgard during Big Little Lies took a toll EXCLUSIVE: Megyn Kelly and husband Douglas Brunt enjoy fun in the sun with their three kids on Hawaiian vacation before start of new $15m NBC job New dad Liam Payne, 23, returns to Twitter on behalf of girlfriend Cheryl, 33, to thank everyone for their 'love and support' after arrival of first child Will and graceful lady! Drew Barrymore's ex husband Kopelman dines out with mystery woman in LA He is footloose and fancy free once more First look at the new Lara Croft: Alicia Vikander takes over from Angelina Jolie in Tomb Raider remake as new photos and plot details emerge  Wet hair, don't care! Nicole Kidman arrives at mom Janelle's house with Keith Urban sporting damp tresses... before leaving with her signature curls  'My body looks like Frankenstein': Mama June 'hates' major skin removal surgery and cancels second round of procedures in From Not To Hot Showing support! Laura Prepon accentuates baby bump in stripes at Netflix event with fiance Ben Foster Actress accentuated her baby bump in stripes DWTS feud? Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Erika Girardi calls out head judge Len Goodman after he rates her dance routine 'raunchy' EXCLUSIVE: Real Housewives star Alexia Echevarria faces foreclosure over unpaid mortgage payments, days after legal battle with stepsons Beware a clown with a red balloon! New creepy images from Stephen King's IT released and Pennywise is more sinister than ever Chilling new version  Shabby Chanel chic for Kiera: Actress pairs jacket with Dr Martens on visit to east London cafe with her husband  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE 'Wish I was that horse!' Actress Elsa Pataky posts hilarious snap of husband Chris Hemsworth cuddling up to a horse Thor star   Chip off the old block! Mike Comrie plays indoor hockey with son Luca as Hilary Duff films family fun for Snapchat Seems to be passing on his enthusiasm She lives in bathing suits! Joanna Krupa shows off her stunning model figure during a getaway to St Lucia The 37-year-old reality star went for a swing Kim Kardashian dons tiny cropped top which showcases her rock hard abs in seductive Instagram snap The 36-year-old shared an alluring photo  Katie Holmes looks stylish as she steps out in New York's Soho district dressed in a button-up coat and cat-eye glasses Shopping day in NYC  'My hero, my mentor': Shannen Doherty pays touching tribute to her late father to commemorate his birthday He passed in 2009 Monday optional! Lea Michele beats of the start-of-the-week blues as she runs errands make-up free Wore a sleeveless tank bemoaning the day  'What am I doing?': Nikolaj Coster-Waldau nearly spoils huge plot twist about Cersei in upcoming season of Game Of Thrones Avoided huge spoiler  Daring Dakota! Ms Johnson wears a Flaming Lips T-shirt with image of topless woman during solo shopping spree in West Hollywood Fifty Shades Darker star Fuller House star Jodie Sweetin's ex-fiance Justin Hodak 'arrested for violating restraining order against her' He has to stay away from the comedy star   Duke of Edinburgh retires the beloved black cab he took delivery of in 1999 that let him drive round the city London unnoticed Prince Philip, 95 EXCLUSIVE: Beyonce's dad is sued for $50,000 after 'refusing to pay a legal bill and hiding profits he made auctioning off Destiny's Child memorabilia 'Saltwater hair': Kristin Cavallari bares her cleavage in string bikini during trip to Mexico after moving out of Illinois with husband Jay Cutler Billie Lourd chooses NOT to attend public memorial for mom Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds as she had dinner with dad instead Would you pay $3M for Dracula's haunted mansion? Bela Lugosi's 1930s Hollywood home goes on the market - but some think his ghost still haunts it 'They are now safe': Ed Sheeran rescues abused Liberian street boys he met while filming emotional report for TV show  Singer's incredible act His life is one big musical! Pharrell Williams' story will be transformed into song for the big screen  Based on growing up in Virginia Beach Getting close in Cancun! Supergirl star Melissa Benoist shows off her slender frame as she vacations with co-star Chris Wood Hit the beach in Mexico I'm still fierce! Tyra Banks poses for impromptu shoot after lunch stop in New Orleans ahead of her return to America's Next Top Model Busy boss! Kris Jenner is seen leaving studio in all black ensemble as talk of two new Kardashian shows are in the works Family matriarch 'They treat women like dirt': Abby Lee Miller announces she's quit Dance Moms after being 'manipulated and disrespected' by show producers As celebrities like Janelle Monae and Zendaya don pearl accessories, FEMAIL curates the best contemporary designs featuring the  treasures Lucky Leo! DiCaprio's supermodel girlfriend Nina Agdal sends temperatures soaring as she slips into an array of swimsuits for sizzling campaign Jennifer Garner looks in good spirits on coffee run after VERY friendly church visit with ex Ben Affleck  The pair sparked reconciliation rumors  'No big deal!': Kaley Cuoco enjoys beer in plunging top with boyfriend Karl Cook on day trip to Florida for Winter Equestrian Festival Lily Allen wryly smiles as she channels nineties chic in vintage woolly jumper following romantic night out with beau MC Meridian Dan in London Something's brewing! Samuel L. Jackson and Oscar Isaac team up as they film dramatic scene for Life Itself in New York Star-studded drama Beauty and the best: Ashley Graham's fierce cat eye and Kim Kardashian's BOBBY PIN headband top our favorite weekend hair and make-up looks America's Next Top Model finalist is shot in Houston apartment shooting that left two dead Brandy Rusher was on season four of show Gwyneth Paltrow proves her unusual health routines get results as the 44-year-old shows off natural beauty in Barcelona Abs-olutely amazing: Vanessa Hudgens bares her seriously sexy midriff in workout gear leaving a gym in Los Angeles Serious about her health She's got chemistry! Make-up free Lily Collins proves she has effortless beauty down to a science during trip to gym Had on a statement top  It's a girl! Supernatural's Jared Padalecki and wife Genevieve Cortese welcome daughter Odette Elliott They also have two sons Jerry Hall, 60, shows off her gorgeous figure in slinky lace gown as she cozies up to husband Rupert Murdoch, 86, at English National Opera gala Laundry day! Casey Affleck totes his huge bag of dirty clothes around Vancouver with girlfriend Floriana one month after winning an Oscar How to Rock'It Man: Laidback James Corden favors off-duty Elton John's favorite tracksuit and kooky specs look at Late Late Show filming Love in the air? Katy Perry, 32, and Ryan Phillippe, 42, 'totally flirting' at Elton John's 70th birthday bash He was married to Reese Witherspoon Orange Is the New Black star's wedding photo whips Twitter into a frenzy after someone comments that the lesbian couple is 'BFF Goals' Going glam! Christina El Moussa drops her girl-next-door look to show off cleavage in sizzling gown after denying she's dating Nate Thompson 'He likes what I like: cars, women, jewelry': Kylie Jenner's boyfriend Tyga on raising his 'spoiled' four-year-old son King Cairo Rapper talks parenting Leggy Lorde looks sophisticated in a kooky pinstripe dress as she delights fans in London with radio appearance Lorde looked stunning in a short black dress and kooky lace-up heels 'They treated the dolphins amazing!': Jana Kramer defends decision to take daughter to Discovery Cove after fans slam her for visiting the park Sarah Paulson may play Princess Diana on the next season of Feud which will focus on the royal's tempestuous relationship with Prince Charles They won't get a ratings boost from Yeezy! Kanye West is 'NOT in talks to join Ryan Seacrest's revamped American Idol'   From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Proof of alien life or just a strange rock? Conspiracy theorists spot a 'huge tower' on the surface of Mars 144 comments 2 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Apple Says Systems Not Breached After Hackers Threaten To Wipe Millions Of iPhones Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Apple Says Systems Not Breached After Hackers Threaten To Wipe Millions Of iPhones Image courtesy of 713 Avenue March 23, 2017 12:19 pm EDT By Ashlee Kieler@akieler apple breach data emails hack attack iphone linkedin passwords privacy ransom ransomware Earlier this week, a group of hackers claimed to have email addresses and passwords for hundreds of millions of Apple accounts, and that it would use this information to remotely erase massive numbers of iPhones if a ransom weren’t paid. For its part, Apple says no account information was stolen from its servers. If this purloined personal data exists, Apple tells Fortune, it likely came from a compromised third party, not from Apple’s network. “There have not been any breaches in any of Apple’s systems including iCloud and Apple ID,” an Apple spokesperson told Fortune. “The alleged list of email addresses and passwords appears to have been obtained from previously compromised third-party services.” In fact, a person with knowledge of the alleged list of credentials tells Fortune that many of the accounts actually match data that was leaked in a breach of LinkedIn’s servers in 2012. The extent of that hack was revised last year, with the company saying another 117 million email addresses and passwords — that’s on top of the 6.5 million already affected — were also for sale on an underground marketplace. Motherboard first reported this week that the group of hackers — known as the Turkish Crime Family — allegedly gained access to a list of between 300 million and 559 million iCloud and Apple email accounts and planned to delete the associated devices on April 7. The group says the threatened attack can be avoided if Apple pays a significant ransom, in the form of either iTunes gift cards or crypto-currency (Bitcoin or Ethereum). While Apple says the pilfered credentials didn’t come from its systems, a rep tells Fortune that the company is always “actively monitoring to prevent unauthorized access to user accounts and are working with law enforcement to identify the criminals involved.” In the meantime, the company said customers could take steps to prevent ne’er-do-wells from gaining access to their accounts. “To protect against these type of attacks, we always recommend that users always use strong passwords, not use those same passwords across sites and turn on two-factor authentication,” the rep tells Fortune. March 23, 2017 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler apple breach data emails hack attack iphone linkedin passwords privacy ransom ransomware Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related those won't do you any good Hacker Claims 7M Dropbox Accounts Were Compromised, Company Says It Wasn’t Actually Hacked yoink Hackers Seeking Ransom Steal User Data From European Central Bank’s Website wasn't us Apple: Stolen Celeb Nudes Were Result Of Good Guessing, Not Data Breach Getting Down To The Details Home Depot Hackers Used Self-Checkouts To Access 56M Credit/Debit Cards, 53M Email Addresses hack attack Hackers Say They Will Wipe iPhones Unless Apple Pays Ransom Previous Illinois Lawmakers Propose Bill Legalizing Recreational Marijuana Next McDonald’s Selling Bottled Big Mac & Filet-O-Fish Sauces… In Canada Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: McDonald’s Selling Bottled Big Mac & Filet-O-Fish Sauces… In Canada Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple What’s next for Apple Music and Beats 1: Original content, revamped apps, more Beats, live events & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: A spring iPad event now seems unlikely, but that 10.5-inch iPad is probably still real Trending in Apple Opinion: The new low-cost iPad is further evidence of a new approach to Apple’s pricing Trending in Apple What’s next for Siri: Apple’s advantage for its Echo/Google Home competitor Trending in Apple Comment: I’m wondering whether even Apple could pull off smart glasses we’d actually want to wear Trending in Apple Roundup: Here’s everything we currently know about the new iPads coming this year March 23 AAPL: 140.92 -0.50 9to5Toys Last Call: 15″ MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar $330 off, iPhone/Apple Watch Dock $23, 6.6′ Braided USB-C Cable $7, more Justin Kahn - Mar. 23rd 2017 9:33 am PT @justinkahnmusic Deals View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: App Store Free App of the Week: the pro video cam/editor Musemage goes free for the first time this year (Reg. $4) The highly-rated Osmos for iOS is now just $1 (Reg. up to $5) Samsung’s gorgeous 65″ 4K Smart UHDTV drops to $1,599 (Reg. $2,500+) Apple now selling refurbished 2016 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Green Deals: WORX 14″ 24V Cordless Electric Lawn Mower $160, more Logitech announces new MK850 Multi-Device Wireless Keyboard/Mouse combo Reebok Outlet: up to 40% off + extra 50% off, GL 6000 PP Sneakers for $32.50, more Cinemood, the ultimate bedtime story projector is now available for pre-order Black+Decker’s best-selling 16V Cordless Hand Vac is matching its lowest price today at $38 Netflix April 2017: New Standup by Louis C.K., Bill Nye Saves the World, MST3K, more Pick yourself up a brand new Proctor Silex Modern Toaster Oven for just $20 (Reg. $30) Sports Nutrition/Protein Deals: 5-lb. EAS 100% Pure Protein from $32, more Save nearly $330 on the entry-level 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar, marked down to $2,070 shipped (Reg, $2,399) Charge your iPhone and Apple Watch on this dock in three colors for $23 Prime shipped (Reg. $36) Smartphone Accessories: iOrange-E USB-C 6.6 foot Braided Nylon Cable just $7 Prime shipped, more Apple unveiled a slew of new Watch bands today, here are the best third-party alternatives for less money iTunes $100 Gift Card from PayPal for $85 with email delivery – save 15% on games, apps, subscriptions, and more! The high-octane F1 2016 racer for iOS gets its very first price drop on the App Store: $4 (Reg. $10) This War of Mine for iOS and its emotional survival simulation gameplay: $2 (Reg. up to $15) The artistic photo editor Trigraphy for iOS goes free for the first time in nearly a year (Reg. $4) The popular Ticket to Ride is now matching its lowest price on the App Store: $2 (Reg. $7) The NES-style throwback platformer Adventures of Pip: $2 (Reg. $6) 9to5Rewards: Dive into Sling TV on all your favorite devices with a $75 gift card [Giveaway] MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Your choice of thin bezel monitors at Amazon: Acer 24-inch WQHD $180 or HP 23-inch 1080p IPS $115 Harman Kardon’s Onyx Studio Bluetooth Speaker is only $78 shipped (Orig. $150) This Drone comes with a 4K Sports Cam and is down to $285 shipped (Reg. $400) Daily Deals: iClever Foldable Wireless Keyboard $24, Portable Bluetooth Speaker $10, more H&M’s Midseason Sale offers up to 70% off starting at $4 Pong comes to your living room with the official vintage Atari coffee table, pre-order now Games/Apps: Grand Theft Auto V $28, Titanfall 2 Deluxe from $20, iOS freebies, more Samsung Gear VR Headset for $40 shipped (Reg. up to $60) Free Xbox Live Gold Games for April: Ryse, Walking Dead Season 2, AC Revelations, more Hypar’s Folding Kayak comes in at less than 20-pounds and fits in your luggage The TaoTronics Portable Garment Steamer for $14 Prime shipped (Reg. $20+) Save 20% on sporting goods, tools, fashion, cameras and more at eBay w/ this promo code MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: The #1 best-selling 4K A/V Receiver at Amazon gets a 33% price drop: Sony 7.2-Ch. w/ HDR + Bluetooth for $198 (Reg. $300) Put Twelve South’s HiRise Apple Watch Dock on your nightstand for $25 (Reg. $35) Nest Cam Outdoor is a best-seller, buy it now for $160 shipped (Reg. up to $200) Unlock your door with Siri: August 2nd Gen. HomeKit-enabled Smart Lock for $183 shipped (Reg. $230) Luxury Book iPhone 7 Plus Case PDF Expert 2.2 for Mac: $30 (Reg. $60) Get up to 20% off w/ these discounted gift cards Amazon and DirecTV: free Fire TV Stick from $35 Anker SoundBuds: NB10 Bluetooth $32 or w/ Lightning Cable $30 Olala 13000mAh Power Bank $31, more Roku 4 Media Player (refurb.) for $60 Sony Xperia XZ 32GB 4G Android Smartphone $430 (Reg. $550) Rachael Ray Oven Lovin’ 5-Piece Set for $24  Mini Terrain Sound Bluetooth Speaker $17, more Samsung 27-inch Curved 1080p Monitor for $350 SupaBoy SNES handheld console: $81 Garmin’s Nuvi GPS w/ lifetime maps for $99 Browse 100 best-selling Kindle ebooks for just $1/each Victorinox Classic Steak Knife Set for just $30 (Reg. $50) Kryptonite KryptoLok Bike U-Lock for $26 Bella’s dualbrew coffeemaker for $25  BLACK+DECKER 6.5A 14-inch Electric Trimmer/Edger $34, more Harman Kardon5.1-Ch. Home Theater bundle for $150 iBaby 1080p Wi-Fi Smart Digital Baby Monitor $142 Aukey LED lamps starting at $20 Get up to 70% off men and women’s TOMS Oregon Scientific Interactive SmartGlobe for $40 Suit up and get more than $500 off in Macy’s Suiting Event PSN Exclusives Sale w/ PS4 titles from $3 Motor Trend magazine sub: 4 yrs. for $12 Kate and Jack Spade offer up to 75% off sale items Monopoly Here and Now: Buy it for only $6 (Reg. $10) D-Link Wi-Fi-enabled Smart Plug w/ Alexa control $25 Legrand 4-Port USB In-Wall Outlet $20 (Reg. $35), more NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Lexar expands its lineup of popular USB flash drives with the new JumpDrive Tough Stylishly cruise up to 22 miles per hour with Mercane’s Transboard electric scooter Bring the Battle of Hoth home with Lego’s new Star Wars UCS T-47 Snowspeeder The German Lotusgrill brings smokeless BBQ to your home thanks to its unique design Square Enix is set to re-release the entire Secret of Mana series on Nintendo Switch [Video] Microsoft unveils the Tech Series Xbox One Wireless Controllers with laser-etched graphics Add turn signals and a rearview mirror to your bicycle with Hexagon Lomography’s new Automat Instant Camera packs an impressive 38mm wide-angle lens Grovemade’s new “indestructible” Key Ring is made from a solid block of anodized aluminum Anker unveils new Powerline II Dura MFi Lightning Cables with a lifetime warranty Sobro is the ‘cooler coffee table’ that features an integrated refrigerator drawer, and more An eBike with 90+ mile range has hit Kickstarter, check out the Stealth P-7 Electric Montblanc’s Summit smartwatch pairs luxurious design with Google Assistant and more Create your own iconic NES-era 8-bit theme songs with the Arcano Chiptune Synth II [Video] Arc’s 121C Aileron is the “world’s first” pure carbon electric skateboard Denon takes on your home theater (and Sonos) with its pricey new HEOS Bar and Sub UrbanX is the low cost solution that converts any bicycle into an eBike in 60 seconds Justin Kahn @justinkahnmusic Justin is a senior editor covering all things music for 9to5Mac, including our weekly Logic Pros series exploring music production on Mac and iOS devices. Justin is an audio engineer/producer with over 10 years experience in the music industry. Favorite Gear PXN MFi game controller Akai MPK USB MIDI Keyboard Pocket Operator synth Guides Deals View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Police urge iPhone users not to fall for 'Siri 108' prank that calls 911 Prank found on Twitter and Facebook is urging iOS users to tell Siri 108 108 is India's equivalent to 911, so Siri immediately calls emergency services Apple set this up so users can call emergency services anywhere in the world Officials warn hack could tie up phone lines and delay legitimate 911 calls  By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 12:37 EDT, 23 March 2017 | Updated: 09:47 EDT, 24 March 2017 e-mail 110 shares 8 View comments Police agencies across the US are warning iPhone users of a potentially dangerous viral social media prank. Pranksters are tricking people into saying 'Hey Siri, 108', which prompts the digital assistant to contact emergency services – the number is India's equivalent of 911. The prank is said to be spreading through Facebook and Twitter 'like wildfire' and although it may seem harmless, it could tie up emergency lines and delay legitimate 911 calls. Scroll down for video  Police agencies across the US are warning iPhone users of a viral social media prank. Pranksters are urging people to say 'Hey Siri, 108', which prompts the digital assistant to contact emergency services – the number is India's equivalent of 911 SIRI 108 PRANK  Pranksters are sharing a trick on Facebook and Twitter, urging people to say  'Hey Siri, 108'. Because 108 is India's equivalent to 911, the digital assistant calls an emergency call center. Apple set it up this way so users can easily contact emergency services no matter where they are in the world. After hearing '108', Siri starts a five second countdown, which gives users the chance to cancel the call before it goes through. However, pranksters who are sharing the trick tell other users to 'close their eyes and wait 5 seconds' before looking at their phone. After hearing '108', Siri starts a five second countdown, which gives users the chance to cancel the call before it goes through. However, pranksters who are sharing the trick tell other users to 'close their eyes and wait 5 seconds' before looking at their phone. And it seems to be spreading all over Facebook and Twitter.  'I'm seeing a lot of posts from people telling iPhone users to tell Siri '108',' sergeant Page with the Lonoke Police Department in Arkansas shared on the Facebook page. 'What that will do is in 5 seconds, call 911'. 'Don't fall for it as it ties up emergency lines however, it is designed specifically as a panic code.' Although '108' is India's emergency service number, Apple made it that way so people can call emergency services no matter where they are in the world, according to CNET. 'All you have to do in the event of an emergency is to tell Siri '108',' sergeant Page continued in the Facebook post. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Google takes aim at phone numbers with audio call update to... Wolf spiders have distinct personalities formed by their... Apple has paid NO TAX in New Zealand for at least 10 years... Incredible satellite images show bright blue Arctic lakes... Share this article Share 110 shares 'Emergency services will be contacted quickly! Just wanted to pass this along'. Each year an estimated 240 million 911 calls are made in the US, a majority of them from mobile devices, and prank calling '108,' the Marshall Police Department in Wisconsin shared in a recent Facebook post. However, pranksters who are sharing the trick tell other users to 'close their eyes and wait 5 seconds' before looking at their phone The trick is said to be spreading through Facebook and Twitter 'like wildfire' and although it may seem harmless, it could potentially tie up emergency lines and delay legitimate 911 calls 'Sorry. The result is a joke, but it's not very fun,' continues the post. 'This prank is problematic because it uses resources that are vital for others trying to receive help in real emergency situations. 'Roughly 240 million calls are made to 911 in the United States each year and placing prank calls can be considered a crime.' Many users are sharing the prank on Twitter (pictured) and Faceook. After hearing '108', Siri starts a five second countdown, which gives users the chance to cancel the call before it goes through Some pranksters are going above and beyond to get others to go through with the trick. Although '108' is India's emergency service number, Apple made it that way so people can call emergency services no matter where they are in the world The users sharing the prank on social media may view trick as harmless, a similar even resulted in the death of a six-month-old boy. On March 15th, a baby sitter watching the baby attempted to reach 911 to summon medical help when the infant took a fall from a day bed and was unconscious. The caregiver said she called 911 three times on her T-Mobile phone and was placed on hold each time. Each year an estimated 240 million 911 calls are made in the US, a majority of them from mobile devices, and prank calling '108'. What these pranksters do not know that it is a criminal offence to prank call emergency service phone lines TEEN ATTACKS 911 IN ARIZONA  Meetkumar Desai, 18, told police he created a 'non-harmful' bug meant to be a funny prank that would also put some more cash in his own bank. Desai, who describes himself as a visual designer and front-end developer, was searching for glitches in Apple's iOS system as part of its bug bounty program. The program, launched in September, offers cash rewards that range from $25,000 to $200,000 to those who find vulnerabilities in the company's software, such as being able to access iCloud account data, and then privately report them to Apple. Desai told investigators an online friend have given him a bug they thought he might be able to tweak. The teenager manipulated the bug, adding 'pop-ups, commands that would open email and activate the telephone dialing feature on iOS cell phones', according to Ars Technica. He then decided to have the dialing feature call emergency services, creating a java script code that would automatically dial 911 when people clicked on a link. Desai claimed he had made two versions of the link, saying he had no plans to push out the 911 link because he knew it was illegal and would cause people to 'freak out'. TheHackSpot also encouraged people to click on the link, which police said was opened nearly 1,900 times from the YouTube channel. Surprise Police Department, which is in the greater Phoenix metropolitan area, received more than 100 calls within minutes after Desai's link was posted. The nearby Peoria Police Department and Maricopa County Sheriff's Office were also suddenly flooded with calls. What made the link even more harmful was that Desai had allegedly set it up so that the program would call 911 on a loop, repeatedly dialing the number after someone hung up. In between calls, the first of which was made at 5:55 PM, the caretaker had performed CPR on the infant in an attempt to revive him.  The last time the baby sitter called, at 6:11 PM, she was kept waiting for 31 minutes; the city's goal is to have all 911 calls answered within 10 seconds. The City of Dallas later said in a statement that the 911 call center was jammed with calls on Saturday because of an ongoing issue with T-Mobile. Since the baby sitter did not have a car to take Brandon to the hospital, his mother sped home and rushed him to Methodist Hospital for Surgery in Addison. The six-month-old was later transferred to Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital in Plano, where he died without regaining consciousness an hour later.  Read more: Stop saying '108' Siri - CNET Update Your Browser | Facebook Share or comment on this article e-mail 110 shares Most watched News videos Dead man is cut out of the stomach of a seven metre long PYTHON Monkman gets the better of Seagull in University Challenge semi-final Shocking moment a driver is punched through his car window Driver's hilarious attempt to squeeze car through tight gap Maid caught on camera appearing to be POSSESSED by evil spirits Furious cyclist smashes driver's windscreen with his own bike Mother films invasive TSA pat-down of her disabled teenage son Brazen man catches huge COBRA out of hole with his bare hands Dad confronts policewoman who confiscated daffodils from daughters UNC's Luke Maye goes to his 8AM class after beating Kentucky Dramatic moment a car is struck by lightning as it drives down road Shocking carer steals money out of dementia patient's handbag Horrifying moment villagers cut open a giant python and... Make it so! Calls for Sir Patrick Stewart to appear on... Hedge fund executive, 56, who invested billions with... The battery farm calves: Shocking photos show young... Surrogate slave: Florida woman, 47, paid for young woman... Mother films 'horrifying' pat-down of her disabled... 'The lioness who inspired us all': Lawyers pay tribute to... Three teenage burglars are shot dead by homeowner's son,... KATIE HOPKINS: WhatsApp? What's up is the great... Furious white van passenger repeatedly punches a driver... Sturgeon throws down the gauntlet: Scottish Parliament... Has George Michael been buried under cover of darkness?... ‘Ali v Foreman, but with jumpers on’: Cambridge whizz... Three nursery nurses 'cruelly force-fed toddlers in their... Woman discovers chilling footage appearing to show her... Fortress Britain: Police install new anti-terror barriers... One was relaxed, every inch a stateswoman while her... 'The judge WAS right': Teenage rape victim who was... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 8 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Inside a Soviet rocket graveyard: Haunting images reveal how boosters that once helped launch a spaceplane... A devastating mega tsunami could hit tourists hotspots in Spain and Portugal at ANY TIME killing thousands,... Unpiloted, amphibious cargo drones the size of Boeing 777s could take to the skies by 2020 Is this a member of Indonesia's lost pygmy tribe? Mysterious small figure is caught on camera scurrying out... Would YOU let a robot crawl through your intestines? Worm-like machine could be miniaturised to help doctors... Fancy a sand castle? Saturn's largest moon Titan has electric SAND that can stick together for weeks Sex may have evolved as a way to fight DISEASE: Offspring carry beneficial mutations that allow them to... 'Doomsday Library' opens in Norway where the world's most precious BOOKS will be stored in digital form to... More DEADLY heat is on its way: Study finds extreme heat events will soon affect 350 million people even if... Is this the end of the F-15 fighter jet? US Air Force considers retiring the 'king of the skies' in a bid to... Blood-sucking flies could act as 'flying syringes' to detect diseases in animals before they spread to... Children have a stable home environment and perform better at school if their biological father lives with... Amazon tests grocery service in Seattle that will have orders ready for pickup in just 15 minutes Incredible images of wild tigers wandering deep in the Thai jungle spark hope for the endangered species Credit card details and passwords of MILLIONS of users have been leaked online by Microsoft's Docs.com MORE HEADLINES That really IS a high rise: Sci-fi plan to hang a wandering skyscraper from asteroid orbiting Earth is unveiled Revealed: Google Chrome has a secret tongue-in-cheek message for heavy porn users A devastating mega tsunami could hit tourists hotspots in Spain and Portugal at ANY TIME killing thousands, warn scientists Update your iPhone now! iOS 10.3 instantly helps free up storage space on your handset Inside a Soviet rocket graveyard: Haunting images reveal how boosters that once helped launch a spaceplane have been abandoned for two decades Why teenagers have no excuse for staying in bed: Youngsters would wake more easily if they spent time outside and stopped using screens at night  Men who regularly watch pornography are less happy in their relationships, study finds Autism was key to human evolution, new study claims  Is this the end of the F-15 fighter jet? US Air Force considers retiring the 'king of the skies' in a bid to cut costs The 'magic carpet' software that helps fighter jet pilots make a perfect landing on a warship in ANY conditions The satellite system that could avoid another MH370: Radical scheme to track aircraft wherever they are to be fully operational in 2018 'Doomsday Library' opens in Norway where the world's most precious BOOKS will be stored in digital form to protect them from the apocalypse Monster millipede is found... in Wales: New species is discovered underneath a pile of stone in a Welsh coal mine by scientists  Unpiloted, amphibious cargo drones the size of Boeing 777s could take to the skies by 2020 Credit card details and passwords of MILLIONS of users have been leaked online by Microsoft's Docs.com MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today EXCLUSIVE: 'Sexual abuse became part of the fabric of my soul.' Author of book and Octavia Spencer film The Shack tells of his horrific childhood Renovation Ivanka: How the First Daughter and Jared have transformed their DC home with a mixture of top designers and  day-to-day brands She's a real work of art! Kate wows in a forest green lace dress by Temperley for a glittering gala at the National Portrait Gallery in London 'I would go to sleep crying': Michelle Pfeiffer, 58, talks playing Al Pacino's cocaine-addicted trophy wife in Scarface as she poses for Interview magazine 'Hanging out like best buds': Kendall Jenner is a dream in green as she spends the day shopping with Paris Jackson at a flea market in LA Discover Los Angeles for FREE: Our guide to experiencing the city without spending a cent All you need is the right know-how SPONSORED 'I feel gross!' My Big Fat Fabulous Life star Whitney Thore can't believe her ears after discovering the man she's dating is her COUSIN Someone's ready for spring! Malia Obama bares her legs in mini dress as she heads into work She braved NYC temperatures in the 40s  Just admiring the view! Kristin Cavallari posts nude photo of husband Jay Cutler gazing out at the Caribbean water while on romantic trip to Mexico Back to business! Bethenny Frankel slips into flattering LBD for night out in NYC after posing up a storm in a bikini on Mexican getaway Pitch Perfect fans claim Rebel Wilson is being body-shamed after photo shows her wearing a short-sleeve tee while co-stars pose in skin-baring halters  'I wanted to physically harm myself': WWE star Paige reveals pain she suffered after sex tape leaked... as fiance announces their wedding date 'I greet him with a Versace towel and water in a Versace glass': Kim Kardashian reveals she pampers Kanye West after his concerts Think you know LA? Think again! From Sunken City to a pizzeria that makes women go into labor, the sights you won't find in a guidebook SPONSORED 'The workouts pay off!': Nicole Murphy, 49, flashes her abs in Instagram image after being spotted at West Hollywood gym Mom-of-five looks good Val Kilmer claps back at critics who called him 'creepy' and 'obsessive' for revealing his longtime crush on Cate Blanchett in a series of tweets Morning perk! Braless Jenna Dewan Tatum flashes her chest in sheer black top as she exits coffee shop in LA The Step Up star wore a casual outfit  Flirty at the fairground: Kim Zolciak's daughter Brielle Biermann kisses boyfriend Michael Kopech while posing for playful shoot Romantic day out 'I would never play a person of a different race!': Scarlett Johansson answers critics who say her role in Ghost In The Shell is a 'whitewash' Emma Thompson blasts Hollywood's 'terrible' anorexia problem (and reveals she once threatened to QUIT film after co-star was told to lose weight)  Out and a pout: Rumer Willis flashes big smile with plumped up lips while promoting new Empire role  She has transformed her look in recent months Just in time for Easter: Reese Witherspoon cuddles up to a bunny as she models new dress from her Draper James clothing line Always busy mom Rooney Mara appears topless as a grieving widow in new trailer for A Ghost Story with Casey Affleck Movie got rave reviews at Sundance festival Shameless star Emmy Rossum's 'house robbed of $150k worth of jewelry after she left combinations written down near home safes' Broken back door  Mariah Carey relaxes in a robe on her 47th birthday while enjoying luxury beach trip with toyboy Bryan Tanaka Chilled out in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico Legs for days! Katie Holmes shows off her dancer legs as she models a denim miniskirt under her oversized coat in chilly New York City Leonardo DiCaprio and Nina Agdal join Orlando Bloom on board a boat during St Barts vacation as they celebrate the swimsuit model's 25th birthday 'I knew he was struggling': Prince's ex-wife Mayte speaks out about the pop icon's devastating addiction, secret overdoses and drug stashes Effortlessly sophisticated! Kate Hudson steps out in suede ankle boots and pinstripe pants...after packing on the PDA with Danny Fujikawa 'I fell in love': Alec Baldwin recalls the moment he asked if 30 Rock co-star Tina Fey was single... and reveals he almost passed on SNL Trump gig She Did It Again! Shakira dazzles in lace and leather for children's charity launch in Barcelona... after winning an award for her philanthropic efforts What's the buzz Rusty? Russell Crowe channels Romper Stomper character with new crew cut as he works on his fitness with a park kick about Braless Cara Delevingne ditches her trademark hoodie and trainers for vampish glam as she flashes endless legs in PVC mini at Cinemacon event Sophie Taylor, the Australian model pictured with Prince William on his ski holiday, hopes the attention 'relaunches her modelling career' Another day, another bikini! Victoria's Secret Angel Martha Hunt stuns in green two-piece on Miami vacation The 27-year-old flaunted her incredible body All made up... for takeout! Chrissy Teigen looks chic in straw hat, striped blouse and torn jeans to pick up food at hot spot Madeo in West Hollywood There's the money shot! Malin Akerman and onscreen husband Damian Lewis strip off for raunchy sex scene during their new drama Billions  'My girl met my girl!' Hoda Kotb shares photo of Today co-host Kathie Lee Gifford cuddling adopted newborn tot Haley Joy during the pair's first meeting 'It could happen': Nick Jonas sounds hopeful about co-starring with pal Jennifer Lopez in the NBC live musical revival of Bye Bye Birdie Big show in works Drake abruptly cancels Amsterdam concert at last moment due to 'extreme food poisoning after eating bad sushi'... as fans vent frustration on Twitter 'This isn't the last you've seen of me': Maksim Chmerkovskiy vows to return to DWTS alongside Heather Morris after calf injury keeps him on sidelines Make-up free Liv Tyler cuts a chic figure in specs and skintight leggings as she enjoys a shopping spree in London with fiance Dave Gardner 'We all float down here': Teaser trailer and poster for Stephen King's IT heads down to the sewer with evil clown Pennywise 'I miss LA': Karrueche Tran longs for home as she shares makeup-free selfie in New Orleans... after showing off her fit physique during workout session Daddy's little Idol! Eric Cowell is the spitting image of father Simon as he joins glam mom Lauren Silverman for a spot of fine dining in Malibu David Beckham as you've never seen him before! Unrecognizable hunk sports gruesome rotting teeth and huge scar on his face on set of new King Arthur flick Girls who code: Ivanka reveals she will take computer language class with her daughter, Arabella, 5, as she addresses Air and Space Museum  There she blows! Kyra Sedgwick has a Marilyn Monroe moment as a gust of wind lifts up her skirt during outing with husband Kevin Bacon Wind beneath her skirt 'Namaste': Lindsay Lohan shows off her cleavage in a plunging black swimsuit as she embraces her inner zen in Thailand Visiting Phuket Pillow talk! Demi Lovato and Jimmy Fallon make out with cushions as they play teenage besties in hilarious new Ew! segment  Pamela Anderson offers to take Prime Minister of Ireland out for a pint of Guinness if he supports banning the use of wild animals in circuses John Legend looks typically cool in a statement leather jacket as he arrives for radio interview in Paris He'll be on tour in Europe in the fall Her body is still Bootylicious! Kelly Rowland shows off her STUNNING physique in one-piece swimsuit during day at the beach with son Titan, 2 'He's just the best guy': Ryan Gosling raves about co-star Harrison Ford while promoting Blade Runner sequel at CinemaCon  He was a little starstruck Ellie Goulding cozies up to rumored beau Caspar Jopling as they enjoy a romantic stroll in NYC... following her fling with the Beckhams' bodyguard Bobby Rich My how you've grown! Nicole Kidman's daughters Sunday and Faith are spitting image of their famous mom as they stroll through Sydney Airport  What's Eating Gilbert Grape star Darlene Cates, who played Leonardo DiCaprio and Johnny Depp's mother in hit movie, dies at age 69 Bikini babe! Cara Santana flashes hint of cleavage and rock hard abs as she flaunts her bod in sexy Instagram snap Actress gave closeup  A new royal military man! Handsome Crown Prince Hussein of Jordan follows in William and Harry's footsteps by enrolling at Sandhurst  Secret admirers? Kendall Jenner and her pal Cara Delevingne hold red roses as they party the night away in LA with their model buddy Lily Donaldson 'We will miss you': Katy Perry changes Twitter handle and pays tribute to 18-year-old fan who died in car accident The 32-year-old singer wrote touching message Rihanna strips off as Bates Motel FINALLY reveals its iconic Psycho shower scene... after singer confessed she can't bear to watch her raunchy moments Is the Fresh Prince going back to Bel-Air? Internet goes into meltdown as cast of 90s show reunites... raising fans' hopes of a new series Bar Refaeli reveals she's pregnant with second child as she shows off baby bump... eight months after welcoming daughter Liv with husband Adi Ezra 'I want you to be better': New trailer for Spider-Man: Homecoming shows Peter Parker being mentored by Tony Stark as they take on Vulture Start and end! Katie Maloney and Tom Schwartz get married as Scheana Marie plans for divorce on Vanderpump Rules Joy and heartbreak  'RIP beautiful princess': Tributes pour in for Zayn Malik's cousin Arshiya after she dies aged five following battle with brain tumor One Direction star Kate's Brexit tour continues! Duchess of Cambridge to visit Luxembourg with Prince William in May as royals stage European charm offensive Crown Princess Mary gives Queen Mathilde a sightseeing tour as they take boat trip with their husbands on day one of the Belgian royals' state visit to Denmark Justin Bieber faces being ARRESTED in Brazil four years after allegedly spray painting graffiti on wall of $28m hotel Happened in 2013 What a year it's been! Ivanka Trump shares adorable photos of her sharing spaghetti with baby Theodore as he turns one  Another milestone  Camera shy Demi Moore keeps it casual as she heads home with daughter Scout, 25, after a family dinner date at Mastro's Steakhouse in Beverly Hills Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, looks in good spirits during grocery shop run... as she moves on from nude photo leak drama Billie Lourd and Taylor Lautner look smitten in poppy field... as it's revealed she isn't looking after her late mother Carrie Fisher's beloved French bulldog Kendall Jenner cruises around the sunny streets of LA in her eye-catching purple convertible Cadillac Joined by rapper Yoni Laham and other friends Bella Thorne tells fans she 'hates' being single before sharing saucy Snapchats from a night out with friends Wild child is known for her active love life 'She was denying and crying': Kim Kardashian was with Paris Hilton when sex tape leaked.. but allegedly 'calmed down' when talk turned to money Off-duty beauty: Make-up free model Kate Moss, 43, keeps it casual in a khaki jacket and skinny jeans as she leaves a photo shoot in London 'Go with Guy Fieri here': Blake Shelton continues to mock show rival Adam Levine's blonde hair on The Voice Cooking up some competition Devon Windsor shows off her killer legs in tiny Daisy Dukes for photo shoot in Miami Showed why she is a top Victoria's Secret supermodel She's got that magic hour glow! Margot Robbie enjoys wedded bliss on a tropical beach with a chilled flute of champagne in hand at sunset 'Stop and frisky': Erika Jayne plays naughty motorist with Gleb Savchenko as officer on Dancing With The Stars Comedian Chris Kattan was eliminated 'I think everything I do is terrible': Lorde shows off her quirky style in plunging Bardot ensemble... as she reveals her self deprecating side Heath Ledger's 'blood-stained' shirt from Brokeback Mountain and James Bond's tuxedo go on sale in auction of Hollywood memorabilia  So it's on? Bachelorette alum Luke Pell cozies up to Danielle Lombard at event...after revealing they've been 'hanging out' 'I'm not commenting on it at all': Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans refuses to address new co-star Briana DeJesus after 2014 Twitter feud Dissent in the ranks Nicole Kidman says  Keith Urban was shocked at her 'massive bruises' caused by physical Big Little Lies love scenes with Alexander Skarsgard  'Is that a prosthetic?': Big Little Lies fans react excitedly on Twitter after Alexander Skarsgard appears to go full-frontal One very revealing role She likes a man in the kitchen! Scarlett Johansson reveals her two celebrity crushes are Gordon Ramsay and Anthony Bourdain Recently filed for divorce 'I saw the pain in my eyes': Dynasty star Linda Evans admits that she shocked by online leak of 'disturbing' 2014 DUI arrest footage Soap star spoke out Brooding boy! Hollywood hunk Brenton Thwaites rocks long locks in pensive photo-shoot, revealing his idol is fellow Australian Hugh Jackman Jessica Chastain strikes a sultry pose in cleavage-baring Alexander McQueen dress at the premiere of The Zookeeper's Wife Never fails to impress Hotting up! Lily James shows off flat stomach as she peels off turtle neck sweater while enjoying stroll in sunshine with boyfriend Matt Smith Michael Jackson's business partners lose their bid to grab a share of his assets after judge rejects claim the star promised them a stake in his company  Jailbird Apollo Nida 'on the hunt for millions' after judge nullifies divorce from Real Housewives' Phaedra Parks Still legally married  Kendall Jenner stuns in belted silk jacket (and not much else) as she poses with Lily Donaldson at Valerian teaser screening Standing out   Field of dreams for sale! Kevin Costner lists his sprawling Montecito property for $60million Sprawling property extends over a majestic 10 acres She's a real team player! Queen Letizia of Spain is presented with a basketball jersey emblazoned with her name as she meets young athletes in Madrid Making them green with envy! Julianne Hough dazzles on the red carpet in plunging emerald gown for Dancing With The Stars Showstopper  Burt Bacharach is being sued by a dog sitter who claims his Portuguese Water Dog bit off two of his fingers, requiring a skin graft from his groin  New dad Liam Payne, 23, cracks a joke about being on diaper duty after welcoming son... as girlfriend Cheryl, 33, 'hatches plan to conquer the mommy market' 'I had a $28,000 hotel bill': Cher claims the REAL reason she finally agreed to appear on David Letterman's show was for the paycheck Legendary feud 'I dream of genie': Khloe shows off her svelte figure and trim waist in a plunging white jumpsuit... after revealing she used to be 'shamed' for her curves Greased Lightning strikes twice! John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John set to return as Sandy and Danny to mark 40 year anniversary of original Flex appeal! A muscular Justin Theroux shows off his ripped arms in edgy punk shirt as he leaves the gym in West Hollywood Starry eyed! Queen Maxima opts for a heavily-embellished coat for another day of engagements with her glamorous guest, Argentina's First Lady Christian Siriano designed custom two piece 'fairy tale' bridal look for OITNB star Samira Wiley...after she 'spent years in an orange jumpsuit'  'Never let go': Sofia Richie, 18, gets SEVENTH tattoo with a personal motto inked on her wrist What's she holding on to?  Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson shows off his huge biceps in leather jacket as he promotes Jumanji reboot Certainly knows how to rock a jacket Grizzled Casey Affleck is joined by screen daughter Anna Pniowsky as they shoot scenes for new drama Light Of My Life on Vancouver Island Happy Birthday Mommy! Fergie celebrates turning 42 with sung greetings from husband Josh Duhamel and their son Axl A sheer winner! Tyra Banks wears see-through lace pantsuit as she gears up for her new role as host of America's Got Talent Looked glamorous 'It looks dope': Prince Jackson shows off massive armor inspired tattoo on his chest after months of work The 20-year-old took video of his huge inking Double trouble! Heidi Klum shows off her long legs in purple mini as Mel B glitters in low-cut jumpsuit at America's Got Talent event Who's judging? Meg Ryan bundles up as she has a girls' day out in NYC with daughter Daisy The 55-year-old actress kept off the chill Louis Tomlinson looks in high spirits while posing for selfies with fans in Miami... as he is set to appear in court over airport brawl at LAX Mel B shimmers in plunging metallic jumpsuit she makes her first public appearance since filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte at AGT launch Has George Michael been buried under cover of darkness? Photo posted by boyfriend Fadi Fawaz sparks flurry of internet speculation Died on Christmas Day Romeo Beckham, 14, shares a sweet moment with little sister Harper, five, as he gushes about their close relationship in family Instagram snaps  Glee vet Matthew Morrison 'will guest star on season 13 of Grey's Anatomy' as Dr Paul Stadler New role for hunky actor Heaven sent! Victoria's Secret Angel Jasmine Tookes stuns in a backless off-shoulder top and flares as she enjoys dinner date Maria Sharapova wears ice pack on her ankle as she returns from tennis practice ahead of comeback from drugs ban Ready for return Mommy and me! Charlize Theron shares a playful moment with her daughter August... returning home after a whirlwind week in Asia Quality time  Out of this world! Cara Delevingne shows off her long legs in futuristic outfit at screening for her sci-fi movie Valerian Back to the future  A dog's life! Selma Blair takes her pooch Ducky for a day of pampering at the salon in Los Angeles The 44-year-old enjoyed a pamper session Seeing Angels! Victoria's Secret models Taylor Hill and Romee Strijd have lunch together in Hollywood The two showed off their toned stomachs SPOILER ALERT: Katie Cassidy returns to Arrow... as a different character than the one she started out playing Will return for two episodes Beautiful in blue! Debra Messing, 48, wows in body hugging navy gown with plunging neckline to receive honors at New York gala   Step aside, mom and dad! Jude Law and Sadie Frost's model daughter Iris, 16, stuns in her second make-up campaign for Burberry Essentials Together again! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin arrive in style at chat show to promote new season of Netflix series Arriving in style  Hell for leather! Rosario Dawson and Krysten Ritter dress in biker jackets as they film scenes for Marvel's The Defenders Matching outfits Blushing bridesmaid! Rachel Bilson stuns in dramatic blush-colored gown for a friend's wedding Actress' low cut gown stole the show 'I always dream of having another child, but I'm too old now': Nicole Kidman, 49, admits her desire to have another baby... but husband Keith Urban has told her 'no' Make it so! Calls for Patrick Stewart to appear on SNL as Kellyanne Conway as old pictures of him in drag resurface looking like Trump's counselor  Mel B's brother-in-law claims Stephen Belafonte would get jealous in the couple's 'fun loose open kind of relationship' as he speaks about their split Busy mommy! Blake Lively looks chic in newsboy cap as she rushes into cab... after Ryan Reynolds reveals he 'doesn't mind' her kissing other actors Clem Curtis, the original lead singer of The Foundations, has died age 76 following a battle with cancer Hits such as Baby I've Got You All grown up! Eminem's 21-year-old daughter Hailie Scott stuns in new Instagram photos... as it's revealed she's a normal college student in Michigan Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa is spotted jogging in California after she revealed she has to run three miles a day to deal with stress of divorce 'I was in a lot of pain after those really violent scenes': Nicole Kidman reveals being hit by Alexander Skarsgard during Big Little Lies took a toll EXCLUSIVE: Megyn Kelly and husband Douglas Brunt enjoy fun in the sun with their three kids on Hawaiian vacation before start of new $15m NBC job New dad Liam Payne, 23, returns to Twitter on behalf of girlfriend Cheryl, 33, to thank everyone for their 'love and support' after arrival of first child Will and graceful lady! Drew Barrymore's ex husband Kopelman dines out with mystery woman in LA He is footloose and fancy free once more First look at the new Lara Croft: Alicia Vikander takes over from Angelina Jolie in Tomb Raider remake as new photos and plot details emerge  Wet hair, don't care! Nicole Kidman arrives at mom Janelle's house with Keith Urban sporting damp tresses... before leaving with her signature curls  'My body looks like Frankenstein': Mama June 'hates' major skin removal surgery and cancels second round of procedures in From Not To Hot Showing support! Laura Prepon accentuates baby bump in stripes at Netflix event with fiance Ben Foster Actress accentuated her baby bump in stripes DWTS feud? Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Erika Girardi calls out head judge Len Goodman after he rates her dance routine 'raunchy' EXCLUSIVE: Real Housewives star Alexia Echevarria faces foreclosure over unpaid mortgage payments, days after legal battle with stepsons Beware a clown with a red balloon! New creepy images from Stephen King's IT released and Pennywise is more sinister than ever Chilling new version  Shabby Chanel chic for Kiera: Actress pairs jacket with Dr Martens on visit to east London cafe with her husband  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE 'Wish I was that horse!' Actress Elsa Pataky posts hilarious snap of husband Chris Hemsworth cuddling up to a horse Thor star   Chip off the old block! Mike Comrie plays indoor hockey with son Luca as Hilary Duff films family fun for Snapchat Seems to be passing on his enthusiasm She lives in bathing suits! Joanna Krupa shows off her stunning model figure during a getaway to St Lucia The 37-year-old reality star went for a swing Kim Kardashian dons tiny cropped top which showcases her rock hard abs in seductive Instagram snap The 36-year-old shared an alluring photo  Katie Holmes looks stylish as she steps out in New York's Soho district dressed in a button-up coat and cat-eye glasses Shopping day in NYC  'My hero, my mentor': Shannen Doherty pays touching tribute to her late father to commemorate his birthday He passed in 2009 Monday optional! Lea Michele beats of the start-of-the-week blues as she runs errands make-up free Wore a sleeveless tank bemoaning the day  'What am I doing?': Nikolaj Coster-Waldau nearly spoils huge plot twist about Cersei in upcoming season of Game Of Thrones Avoided huge spoiler  Daring Dakota! Ms Johnson wears a Flaming Lips T-shirt with image of topless woman during solo shopping spree in West Hollywood Fifty Shades Darker star Fuller House star Jodie Sweetin's ex-fiance Justin Hodak 'arrested for violating restraining order against her' He has to stay away from the comedy star   Duke of Edinburgh retires the beloved black cab he took delivery of in 1999 that let him drive round the city London unnoticed Prince Philip, 95 EXCLUSIVE: Beyonce's dad is sued for $50,000 after 'refusing to pay a legal bill and hiding profits he made auctioning off Destiny's Child memorabilia 'Saltwater hair': Kristin Cavallari bares her cleavage in string bikini during trip to Mexico after moving out of Illinois with husband Jay Cutler Billie Lourd chooses NOT to attend public memorial for mom Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds as she had dinner with dad instead Would you pay $3M for Dracula's haunted mansion? Bela Lugosi's 1930s Hollywood home goes on the market - but some think his ghost still haunts it 'They are now safe': Ed Sheeran rescues abused Liberian street boys he met while filming emotional report for TV show  Singer's incredible act His life is one big musical! Pharrell Williams' story will be transformed into song for the big screen  Based on growing up in Virginia Beach Getting close in Cancun! Supergirl star Melissa Benoist shows off her slender frame as she vacations with co-star Chris Wood Hit the beach in Mexico I'm still fierce! Tyra Banks poses for impromptu shoot after lunch stop in New Orleans ahead of her return to America's Next Top Model Busy boss! Kris Jenner is seen leaving studio in all black ensemble as talk of two new Kardashian shows are in the works Family matriarch 'They treat women like dirt': Abby Lee Miller announces she's quit Dance Moms after being 'manipulated and disrespected' by show producers As celebrities like Janelle Monae and Zendaya don pearl accessories, FEMAIL curates the best contemporary designs featuring the  treasures Lucky Leo! DiCaprio's supermodel girlfriend Nina Agdal sends temperatures soaring as she slips into an array of swimsuits for sizzling campaign Jennifer Garner looks in good spirits on coffee run after VERY friendly church visit with ex Ben Affleck  The pair sparked reconciliation rumors  'No big deal!': Kaley Cuoco enjoys beer in plunging top with boyfriend Karl Cook on day trip to Florida for Winter Equestrian Festival Lily Allen wryly smiles as she channels nineties chic in vintage woolly jumper following romantic night out with beau MC Meridian Dan in London Something's brewing! Samuel L. Jackson and Oscar Isaac team up as they film dramatic scene for Life Itself in New York Star-studded drama Beauty and the best: Ashley Graham's fierce cat eye and Kim Kardashian's BOBBY PIN headband top our favorite weekend hair and make-up looks America's Next Top Model finalist is shot in Houston apartment shooting that left two dead Brandy Rusher was on season four of show Gwyneth Paltrow proves her unusual health routines get results as the 44-year-old shows off natural beauty in Barcelona Abs-olutely amazing: Vanessa Hudgens bares her seriously sexy midriff in workout gear leaving a gym in Los Angeles Serious about her health She's got chemistry! Make-up free Lily Collins proves she has effortless beauty down to a science during trip to gym Had on a statement top  It's a girl! Supernatural's Jared Padalecki and wife Genevieve Cortese welcome daughter Odette Elliott They also have two sons Jerry Hall, 60, shows off her gorgeous figure in slinky lace gown as she cozies up to husband Rupert Murdoch, 86, at English National Opera gala Laundry day! Casey Affleck totes his huge bag of dirty clothes around Vancouver with girlfriend Floriana one month after winning an Oscar How to Rock'It Man: Laidback James Corden favors off-duty Elton John's favorite tracksuit and kooky specs look at Late Late Show filming Love in the air? Katy Perry, 32, and Ryan Phillippe, 42, 'totally flirting' at Elton John's 70th birthday bash He was married to Reese Witherspoon Orange Is the New Black star's wedding photo whips Twitter into a frenzy after someone comments that the lesbian couple is 'BFF Goals' Going glam! Christina El Moussa drops her girl-next-door look to show off cleavage in sizzling gown after denying she's dating Nate Thompson 'He likes what I like: cars, women, jewelry': Kylie Jenner's boyfriend Tyga on raising his 'spoiled' four-year-old son King Cairo Rapper talks parenting Leggy Lorde looks sophisticated in a kooky pinstripe dress as she delights fans in London with radio appearance Lorde looked stunning in a short black dress and kooky lace-up heels 'They treated the dolphins amazing!': Jana Kramer defends decision to take daughter to Discovery Cove after fans slam her for visiting the park Sarah Paulson may play Princess Diana on the next season of Feud which will focus on the royal's tempestuous relationship with Prince Charles They won't get a ratings boost from Yeezy! Kanye West is 'NOT in talks to join Ryan Seacrest's revamped American Idol'   From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Facebook gets chatty: Radical redesign replaces comments with conversation 'bubbles' 6 comments 2 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Daily Deals: $120 GoPro Hero Session, $5 iTunes movies, and more tvOS 10.2 for Apple TV now available with accelerated scrolling & other... macOS Sierra 10.12.4 with Night Shift for Mac launches watchOS 3.2 with Theater Mode, Siri in apps & more now available...   skip to main content skip to main menu     Barclays: iPhone 8 to launch in September, but will be hard to come by By Christian Zibreg, Mar 23, 2017 Tweet 5 Comments According to the latest research from Barclays analysts Blayne Curtis, Christopher Hemmelgarn, Thomas O’Malley and Jerry Zhang, obtained by MacRumors, Apple may still launch iPhone 8 in September alongside the iterative iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus series, albeit in limited quantity. However, the majority of iPhone 8 stock may not be available until much later in the fourth quarter. In other words, the company’s Tenth Anniversary iPhone aka “iPhone Edition” may be hard to come by when it debuts in September (like Jet Black iPhone 7 models last year). Barclays analysts traveled to Asia earlier this month, speaking with various sources from Apple’s supply chain. They came away convinced that iPhone 8 will still launch in September. Here’s an excerpt from the Barclays research note: Suppliers generally had good things to say about the upcoming iPhone 8 launch as new features drive a more complicated manufacturing process and higher average selling prices. We now believe that all three devices will feature wireless charging and will all be launched in the normal September timeframe, although the majority of iPhone 8 volumes may not be available until the fourth quarter. Apple is allegedly experiencing supply chain issues related to iPhone 8 production. DigiTimes, for instance, said touch panel maker TPK Holding won’t kick off production of film-based next-generation 3D Touch sensors for use in iPhone 8 before the fourth quarter. “Production for the new OLED iPhone is unlikely to start until September,” wrote DigiTimes. Subscribe to iDownloadBlog on YouTube KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo said in a February note to clients Apple was struggling to get iPhone 8 ready in time due to time constraints related to the handset’s advanced augmented reality 3D camera system. Apple could pre-announce iPhone 8 in September alongside iPhone 7s and iPhone 7s Plus and start taking pre-orders before the highly anticipated OLED-based handset arrives later in the fourth quarter. Concept: augmented-reality Siri on iPhone 8, via Gábor Balogh. Source: MacRumors Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend UBS: Apple has 1,000 engineers working on augmented reality, tech to debut in iPhone 8 iPhone 8 predicted to have 3 GB RAM and come in 64GB and 256GB flavors KGI: iPhone 8’s FaceTime camera to support 3D sensing, AR, biometric authentication & more iPhone 8 to hit mass production late in the third quarter of 2017 Related Topics Analysts, Apple, iPhone, iPhone 8, News, Rumors Blip dude *yawn* same old Jazz as always. Seriously, there’s still 6 months left, How is it that they already have supply issues, and how is it that it won’t be resolved within that timeframe?? Jay Dee It’s a planned “shortage.” Have very few 8’s available at launch so impatient customers buy the 7s to boost those sales and Q3 results and then most people will get the 8 in time to boost Q4 sales all while creating hype and “exclusivity” on the iPhone 8 over the holidays. Typical Apple. Blip dude LOL, yup. But I guess I should be more thankful of them to be doing that. While I definitely could use an upgrade due to the hardware issues on my 6S plus, waiting it out and watch the impatient customers rip each other apart will make things easier once Apple decides artificial scarcity is no longer needed. askep3 This seems more likely, I doubt Apple would release late Jerwyn Feria It also depends on people who is upgrading their Apple Device Payment Plan, iPhone 7 Launch had special reserved devices for people who had devices under CitizenOne Payment Plan, so who’s to say they may or may not do the same this time around again   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Daily Deals: $120 GoPro Hero Session, $5 iTunes movies, and more Facebook adds Snapchat-style effects and auto vanishing Stories to its mainland app Apple seeds first betas of iOS 10.3.2, tvOS 10.2.1, watchOS 3.2.2 and macOS 10.12.5 Luca Todesco announces his departure from the jailbreak community Hands-on with tvOS 10.2: fast scrolling, updated Remote app & more   The latest jailbreak news Luca Todesco announces his departure from the jailbreak community Last chance to downgrade from iOS 10.3 betas and save blobs for iOS 10.2.1 Add some squareness to iOS with ringUI Jailbreak tweaks of the week: YouTubeVolume, Zeal, & more… Zeal is a battery management system for your jailbroken iPhone or iPad iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World Trump: First 100 Days Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Technology   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Apple Set To Make IPhones In India 3/23/2017 10:55 AM ET After long negotiations to win over one of the largest and fastest growing smart phone markets, Apple has decided to assemble its 4-inch screen iPhone SE in India. The new plant will be in Bangalore in Southern India and will be managed by the Taiwanese original design contract manufacturer Wistron Corp. The assembly is expected to begin in next 60 days. Though India is a big market for smart phones with one billion people and around 300 million smartphones users, Apple enjoys only 2.5 percent of the total market share due to its high-end pricing. The smart phone maker has around 62 percent share in premium segment. In order to launch affordable iPhones, Apple had first tried for a permit for marketing of refurbished iPhones. However, it was rejected quickly. While answering questions in Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Parliament, Nirmala Sitaraman, Minister for Industries and Commerce said the government has not accepted most of the demands of Apple. Under the "Make in India plan," promoted by the Indian government, the tech giant has been demanding deep cuts or removal of duties for imported accessories. They demanded concessions on manufacturing and repair units, components, capital equipment and consumables for next 15 years, she added. Apple CEO Tim Cook, while reporting a strong quarterly growth in sales in India, had commented in February that India had all-time revenue results. Apple had reportedly shipped around 2.6 million iPhones to India last year. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Technology News The Top Green Companies on Earth Killer Wheels: RTT's Top 10 Vehicles of 2016 5 Numbers To Remember The Legendary Jack Nicklaus 1986 Masters Win Previous Story Technology Uber Says Goodbye To Denmark GameStop Shutters 150 Stores As Retail Carnage Continues Hoop Maps: An App For Finding Pick Up Basketball Games Apple To Acquire Workflow App Google Maps Will Let You Share Location Companies Sick Of Their Ads On Hateful YouTube Videos 6 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus RELATED NEWS Chinese Court Overturns IPhone 6 Patent Ruling In Apple's Favor Apple To Acquire Workflow App Apple Reportedly Acquires Automation App Workflow Apple Updates IPad; Introduces IPhone 7 & IPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT)RED Apple Plans To Set Up Two More Research Centers In China Trade AAPL now with  Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Report: Yamaha Will Soon Recall Certain Motorcycles Uber Says Goodbye To Denmark Breitbart Denied Capitol Hill Credentials Samsung To Offer Refurbished Galaxy Note 7, Except In US Clunkers To Classics: The 10 Most Expensive Movies In History GameStop Shutters 150 Stores As Retail Carnage Continues Amid Leggings Uproar, United Says Stricter Standard For Employee Passes Treasury Secretary Causes Backlash By Telling People To See Lego Batman United Airlines Bars Two Girls From Flight For Wearing Leggings IPO Watch: Alteryx Rides Wave Of Tech Debuts Dunkin' Getting Rid Of Popular Coolatta Enbridge Slashing Jobs After Takeover Biotech Stocks Facing FDA Decision In April RARE's Seizure Study Fails, HTGM Soars After-hours, NTEC Awaits Data In Q3 FDA Approves First-ever Merkel Cell Carcinoma Drug, HTGM Riding High, FLXN Soars FDA Nod For TSRO, Déjà Vu For ARQL, FOMX Plunges On Trial Data, SELB Abuzz XENE Loses Face As Acne Trial Flops, NBRV Awaits LEAP Data, Opdivo Scores A Nod Report: Toshiba's Westinghouse Electric May File Bankruptcy Tuesday Riding High: CommScope Giant U-shaped Skyscraper Proposed For New York City Gainers & Losers Of Mar.27: APOP, IPXL, ZIOP, FOMX... Babcock: CFP In Mutual Deal With NDA To End Magnox Decommissioning Contract Virgin Air Soon A Thing Of The Past Novo Nordisk Gets CHMP Positive Opinion For Refixia On Haemophilia B Treatment Halma Expects FY17 Adj. Pre-tax Profit In Line With Market View - Quick Facts Giant U-shaped Skyscraper Proposed For New York City Ericsson Simplifies Organizational Structure Babcock: CFP In Mutual Deal With NDA To End Magnox Decommissioning Contract Human Feces Found In Coke Cans, Plant Shut Down German Chancellor Merkel's Party Wins Elections In Western State Of Saarland Power Corporation of Canada Announces 27% Gain In Q4 Bottom Line GameStop Remains Firmly In Negative Territory After Initial Drop Shell To Divest Gabon Onshore Interests To Carlyle Affiliate For $587 Mln US Settles Claim Against AT&T, DIRECTV On Sharing Deals With Competitors Scholastic Under Pressure After Reporting Wider Than Expected Q3 Loss Five Below Holding On To Significant Gain After Early Rally Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Go Phones Laptops Cameras TV Gaming Wearables Forum All Products 3D Printers Antivirus Baby Monitors Bluetooth Speakers Cameras (360 Degrees) Cameras (Action) Cameras (All) Cameras (Bridge) Cameras (Compact) Cameras (DSLR) Cameras (Home Security) Cameras (Mirrorless) Cameras (Phone) Cameras (Waterproof) Cloud Backup Services Computers (All-in-One) Drones Fitness Trackers Game Controllers (PC) Gaming Headsets Gaming Keyboards Gaming Mice Gaming Monitors Gaming PCs Gift Ideas Golf Tech GPS Watches Headphones ID Theft Protection iPhone Lenses iPhone Trade-In Deals Key Finders Keyboards (Ergonomic) Kid Trackers (GPS) Kitchen Tech Laptops Mini PCs Mobile Network Modems Online Fax Services Parental Control Apps Phone Carriers Phone Plans Photo Books Photo Calendars Photo Storage Sites Photo-Editing Software Portable Chargers Printers Robot Vacuums Routers Screen Mirroring Devices Smart Home Hubs Smart Home Tech Smart Locks Smart Scales Smart Thermostats Smartphones Smartwatches Soundbars Speakers (Outdoor) Streaming Players Streaming Services TV Antennas TVs TVs (4K/Ultra HD) Virtual Reality Headsets Wi-Fi-Extenders MORE All articles Best picks Drones Car Tech Smart Home Gift Ideas Downloads Login Follow Us Follow Us Subscribe Security News No One's Hacking Apple Accounts — But Protect Yours Anyway by Marshall Honorof Mar 23, 2017, 9:04 AM You may have heard that a team of hackers calling itself the "Turkish Crime Family" was planning to wipe the data from millions of iPhones and iCloud accounts unless Apple coughed up some dough. It may sound like an enterprising scheme, but Apple has flatly denied that such a thing is possible.  Credit: GongTo/Shutterstock Fortune received a response from Apple about the overblown threat, and a representative explained that Apple's back-end security is as solid as it's ever been. So before you blow up Apple's inbox with panicked pleas, take a moment to put things in perspective. It's highly unlikely that anyone has compromised Apple's servers, let alone a no-name hacker group that has been around for all of a week. Furthermore, if you're concerned about your iCloud account’s integrity, protecting it is as simple as activating Apple's two-factor authentication. Even if a hacker had your username and password, he or she would still not be able to access your account, or remotely wipe the data from your phone, without physical access to the smartphone. You could also change your iCloud password. You definitely want to make sure your iCloud password isn't the same as the password for any other account. MORE: Best Antivirus Software and Apps If you absolutely insist on taking the hackers at their word (and if so, man, have I got a bridge in Brooklyn to sell you), you could also remove all your personal data and photos from iCloud and store them somewhere else instead. Google Photos is available for iOS and also automatically backs up and labels your photos as you take them. Then, if a different hacker group makes spurious claims about Google accounts instead, you can migrate your data back to iCloud. It's the unbroken circle of tech. The improbable story of a widespread Apple hack cropped up on Mar. 21 when the Turkish Crime Family contacted Motherboard with a purported email exchange the group had with Apple. (Screenshots, only, of course; wouldn't want the threat to appear too credible.) The group also uploaded a YouTube video in which it appeared to compromise an elderly woman's iCloud account. If this all sounds a little fishy to you, you're not alone. Even Sherlock Holmes would regard an isolated account hack and a screenshot of an email exchange as insufficient evidence. Still, the Turkish Crime Family is brazen, if nothing else. It's demanded $75,000 in Bitcoin or $100,000 in Apple gift cards from the iPhone manufacturer, or else, it claims, it will hijack and erase 200 million, or 300 million, or 500 million — the group can't get its numbers straight — iPhones and iCloud accounts. "There have not been any breaches in any of Apple’s systems including iCloud and Apple ID," an Apple representative told Fortune. "The alleged list of email addresses and passwords appears to have been obtained from previously compromised third-party services." In addition to the flimsy evidence, take a moment to consider the group's demands. If you were really a cold-hearted cybercriminal and had a way to hack the world's most powerful tech giant, you wouldn't set your sights so low. If you really wanted $75,000, you could get that — and a lot more — simply by sifting through the files of rich and powerful iPhone users. Fortune also does not put much stock in the hackers' claims. One of its sources claimed that the data set contains email addresses and passwords from the high-profile LinkedIn breach committed in 2012, but only fully revealed last year. While there's no doubt that many users employ the same username and password for their LinkedIn and Apple accounts, that's not nearly the same thing as being able to hack iPhone users indiscriminately. See Also : The Worst Data Breaches of All Time Best Wireless Home Security Cameras 15 Best Mobile Privacy and Security Apps The Best iOS Apps You're Not Using (But Should Be) About the author Marshall Honorof @marshallhonorof Marshall Honorof is a senior writer for Tom's Guide, covering gaming hardware, security and streaming video. After hours, you can find him practicing taekwondo or doing deep dives on classic sci-fi. Contact him at mhonorof@tomsguide.com. Read more Security Add a comment Comment Firstname Submit Ask a Category Expert Create a new thread in the Antivirus / Security / Privacy forum about this subject Title Subject Title Publish No comments yet Your comment Comment Firstname Submit Most Popular Evil Malware Turns Antivirus Software Against PCs D-Link DCS-2530L Review Best Wireless Home Security Cameras 2017 The Latest On Tom’s Guide Deals 1 mn Samsung Gear 360 Just Hit Lowest Price Yet News 35 mn MetroPCS Is Fastest Discount Carrier, Straight Talk Slo... Deals 43 mn Best Tech Deals of Today: Save $122 on a refurb GoPro H... Round-Up 51 mn The Best Drama Movies on Netflix News 1 hr How Samsung Plans to Make Galaxy S8 Safe Reference 1 hr What Is 4K TV? News 3 hr Andy Rubin Wants You to Check Out His New Phone Best Picks 3 hr Best Smart Home Hubs of 2017 News 4 hr Free Microsoft Antivirus Software Finally Does Good Job Best Picks 4 hr Best TVs 2017 News 5 hr Ikea's Smart Lights Will Challenge Philips Hue Deals 6 hr The Best Tech Deals Right Now Get our newsletter About Tom’s Guide About Us Contact Us More Sites Tom's Hardware Laptop Mag Follow Us Terms Of Use Copyright Policy Purch Privacy Policy Advertising U.S. Edition French Edition © 2017 Purch All Rights Reserved.
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Image Source: Ritchie B. Tongo/Epa/REX/Shutterstock Apple’s latest acquisition could lead to amazing things for iOS Chris Smith @chris_writes March 23rd, 2017 at 6:50 AM Share Tweet Apple bought an automation app for iPhone and iPad called Workflow. That may sound boring to some people, but the app is an extraordinary independent tool developed for iOS that lets users combine various apps in unique ways and automate certain processes on the iPhone or iPad. As a direct result of Apple’s purchase of Workflow, the app is now available as a free download from the App Store. But what’s more interesting is Apple’s specific deal in this particular type of iOS functionality. Don't Miss: Uh oh, the Curiosity rover’s wheels are starting to fall apart It’s too early to tell what iOS 11 will bring over, and whether automation is going to be one of the hidden features of iOS going forward. But it’s clear that Apple saw some value in what Workflow was able to do with iOS apps. Apple’s tight control over iOS means that apps can interact only in certain manners, as allowed by Apple, and that’s why Workflow’s abilities are so impressive. The developers found a way to work within the rules imposed by Apple to link apps together and automate certain tasks. Now that Apple owns Workflow, the app’s developers will be able to take advantage of APIs and resources that aren’t available to third-party programmers. The Workflow acquisition isn’t only exciting for the future of iOS, but also for macOS. Apple’s automation guru Sal Saghoian recently left Apple, leaving many to wonder whether Apple is about to abandon automation features. Considering that Workflow developers are going to continue to work for Apple, it wouldn’t be unexpected to see Workflow-like features appear in macOS going forward. By being able to tap into specific app functions and tie certain actions together, Workflow’s software might be further used to enhance Apple’s AI and Siri powers. It’s unclear how much Apple paid for Workflow, TechCrunch reports but it was a “solid” payday for the team behind the app, and a small upside for investors. “The Workflow app was selected for an Apple Design Award in 2015 because of its outstanding use of iOS accessibility features, in particular an outstanding implementation for VoiceOver with clearly labeled items, thoughtful hints, and drag/drop announcements, making the app usable and quickly accessible to those who are blind or low-vision,” Apple said, confirming the purchase. Tags: Apple, iOS 11, macOS 10.13, Workflow View Comments Trending 1 Tech iPhone 8 and iPhone 7s specs and features listed in new report 2 Deals The one accessory every Nintendo Switch owner needs is somehow discounted on Amazon 3 Tech Galaxy S8: Specs, release info, and everything else we know right now 4 Deals Never worry about protecting your Pixel XL screen again 5 Tech The 8 best new features Apple added to your iPhone in iOS 10.3 Picked For You Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Mar 28, 4:06 PM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology WikiLeaks Vault 7 Dark Matter: CIA Hacking Tools For Macs, iPhones Revealed By AJ Dellinger On 03/23/17 AT 12:03 PM Close WikiLeaks released the latest cache of documents in its “Vault 7” series Thursday, publishing the details of a number of U.S. Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) hacking programs designed to target Macs and iPhones. The CIA hacks highlighted in the latest information dump, dubbed Dark Matter by WikiLeaks, include programs developed by the CIA's Embedded Development Branch (EDB) to infect the firmware—software that performs basic functions and is embedded into a piece of hardware—of Apple computers. Read: CIA Can Hack iOS, Android Devices, Access Encrypted Messaging Apps Like WhatsApp, Alleged Documents Say The primary revelation of the Dark Matter is the Sonic Screwdriver project. Named after a device from the Dr. Who universe, the Sonic Screwdriver is described in CIA documents as a "mechanism for executing code on peripheral devices while a Mac laptop or desktop is booting." The tool overrides one of Apple’s firmware protections that prevents any changes to the boot path of the device. Sonic Screwdriver, the code of which is stored in the firmware of a modified Apple Thunderbolt-to-Ethernet adapter, overrides that protection and allows the CIA to boot its programs from a USB drive, DVD or external hard drive. Also revealed in the documents are number of malware-like tools for infecting Macs, including the particularly resistant DarkSeaSkies. An implanted program designed for MacBook Air computers that provides the CIA with command and control capabilities, the tool nests itself in the computer’s firmware and can survive a full wipe of the operating system. While Macs are the primary focus the Dark Matter cache, WikiLeaks also revealed a CIA tool for infecting iPhones. Known as NightSkies, the tool is able to collect information from the handset including contacts, text messages, call log information and web browsing history. The NightSkies documentation published by WikiLeaks, which is dated July 7, 2008, describes how to install the tool on “factory fresh” devices. WikiLeaks interpreted that to mean the CIA infects devices within Apple’s supply chain before they ever are received by a user. Read: Apple Claims iOS Security Flaws Identified In Wikileaks 'Vault 7' CIA Dump Already Fixed The documents are the latest in a trove of files stolen from the CIA that have been published by the anti-secrecy organization. Earlier this month, the group published its first batch of files from its Vault 7 series that focused on the CIA’s ability to hack mobile devices and internet-enabled televisions. WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange promised to provide tech companies with additional documentation from the leaks to protect against exploits, however most companies claimed the vulnerabilities were patched well in advance of the leaks and questioned Assange’s motives. Apple has yet to respond to the latest documents from WikiLeaks. Related Stories Silicon Valley Questions WikiLeaks Founder’s Russia Ties WikiLeaks Will Give CIA Hacking Tools To Tech Companies Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Most Read Business How To Get The New Adidas Originals x Alexander Wang Pieces What you need to know about the two installment releases. Technology Google To Introduce Its Google Assistant In UK Google Home is scheduled to debut in the United Kingdom in April. World U.S. Munitions Could Not Have Blown Up Mosul Building: Army The top U.S. commander in Iraq said its March 17 airstrike in Mosul could have been a combination of ISIS' improvised explosive devices. National Trump Lawyer Tries To Block Groping Suit Attorney Marc Kasowitz claims the Supremacy Clause of the Constitution protects the president from being sued in state court. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Apps & Software 9 paid iPhone apps on sale for free right now Zach Epstein @zacharye March 23rd, 2017 at 11:54 AM Share Tweet Today we’ve got a fantastic list of paid iPhone and iPad apps on sale for free for you to check out, and the star of the show isn’t like most of the apps we feature in this series. In fact, it’s not even technically “on sale” at all. The app in question is the popular iOS automation app Workflow, which was just acquired by Apple and made free forever. The rest of the sales in today’s list are only temporary though, so be sure to check them out as soon as you can. Don't Miss: The 5 best crystal clear cases for your iPhone 7 or iPhone 7 Plus These are paid iPhone and iPad apps that have been made available for free for a limited time by their developers. There is no way to tell how long they will be free. These sales could end an hour from now or a week from now — obviously, the only thing we can guarantee is that they were free at the time this post was written. If you click on a link and see a price listed next to an app instead of the word “get,” it is no longer free. The sale has ended. If you download the app, you will be charged. Workflow Used to be $2.99. Workflow is your personal automation tool, enabling you to drag and drop any combination of actions to create powerful workflows for your iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch. Workflow includes over 200 actions, including those for Contacts, Calendar, Maps, Music, Photos, Camera, Reminders, Safari, AirDrop, Twitter, Facebook, Dropbox, Evernote, iCloud Drive, and Health, to name a few. For example, you can use Workflow to: * Make animated GIFs * Add a home screen icon that calls a loved one * Make PDFs from Safari or any app with a share sheet * Get directions to the nearest coffee shop in one tap * Tweet the song you’re listening to * Get all of the images on a web page * Send a message including the last screenshot you took * And so much more… Your workflow creations can be launched from inside the Workflow app, from other apps using Workflow’s Action Extension, or from our new lightning-fast Today Widget. You can even export a workflow as a standalone app on your home screen. Workflow opens up infinite possibilities of what you can do with your iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch. But this is just the beginning. Stay tuned. Download Workflow Wake Alarm Clock Normally $1.99. Meet Wake, the most beautiful and intuitive alarm for iPhone & iPad. Slap to snooze, flip your phone over to turn off alarms or Shake to wake. Get up your way with Wake! Wake combines simplicity and design into one revolutionary alarm app. With 3 alarm styles to choose from: ① SLAP & FLIP: Equipped with a virtual Snooze Button and perfect for anyone craving a few extra moments of sleep. ② SHAKE: Ideal for deep sleepers who need more than a traditional alarm clock to wake them from their stupor. ③ SWIPE: A simple option for dreamers who like to keep things basic. Which alarm style suits you best? Alarm Features: * Simple gesture-based UI for setting and interacting with alarms * Spin the dial to easily set alarms * iTunes alarm support – wake up to your own audio every morning * Create up to 8 repeatable alarms * Swipe down to view alarms and pull down to switch them on/off * Personalize with 12 exclusive built-in alarm sounds * SLAP & FLIP mode transforms your iPhone into an old-school alarm clock using a virtual Snooze Button; SLAP to Snooze or FLIP your iPhone to turn off the alarm * SHAKE mode forces you to physically shake your phone until the Shake Bar is filled up—the movement is sure to wake up your body while the sound wakes up your head. * Choose from 3 difficulty settings in SHAKE mode * Set recurring alarms for any day of the week * Progressive alarm sounds that get louder gradually * Visually stunning and perfect for iOS8 From heavy dozers to lighter dreamers, Wake is the perfect alarm for everyone. Allow Wake to brighten your day, so every morning can be uncomplicated and elegant. Download Wake Alarm Clock Note-Ify Notes Normally $0.99. NOTE-IFY NOTES FOR MAC 50% DISCOUNT – LIMITED TIME «Note-Ify Notes» – is a simple and convenient note-taking app. Organize your notes, ideas, shopping lists, tasks and different reference information. It features user-friendly and customizable interface. Key features: – FOLDERS – for easy grouping of notes – ICLOUD-SYNC – Your notes are available on the iPhone, iPad, Mac OS X * – COLORS – if you want to highlight the different types of notes just mark Important notes as red, Affairs – as green (for example) – Favorite Notes – select and group important to you notes – PASSWORD on a separate note – you can lock notes with password that contain confidential information (passwords, card numbers, love letters ;-)) – MAIL-TO-SELF – fast “one-click” sending of notes to the selected email-address, don’t waste your time on typing your email. Just click on the button and note is in your mailbox – SKINS, FONTS, COLORS – configure the application so as you want = PRESS ABOUT US = APPADVICE.COM:”This application provides you with an elegant and easy way to keep your thoughts “ APPPIPE: “Simple, efficient and beautiful, FNotes might just be the best iOS notes app you’ve never heard of” APPSAD: “Note-Ify – minimalistic replacing to standard notes” APPLEDIGGER: «Note-ify – this is the best alternative to the standard notes” APPLENEWS: “Note-Ify – a new look at the minimalist notes that fit perfectly into the new design of the Apple” YABLOCHNO.COM: «Note-Ify – a new look at familiar application notes … Note-Ify is quality and useful … synchronization and customization of appearance make it a viable alternative to the standard” Notes “. APPLEMAGAZINE.COM: “… application in its current form is certainly the easiest way to create notes, and will make a great addition to your performance” APPPICKER.COM: «Note-Ify features a very basic interface, and I actually prefer Productivity apps of this kind which keep things nice and simple. I definitely think the streamlined layout is a huge benefit for busy bodies like you and I!» APPPICKER.COM: «I’ve used a fair few apps that are similar to Note-Ify in that they attempt to keep things simple and streamlined. Some developers manage to pull it off, while others fail miserably, and I would say that Note-Ify Notes definitely falls into the former category, with a fantastic minimalist interface and some of the smoothest overall functions you’ll ever see» Download Note-Ify Notes Gif Me! Camera Normally $1.99. Gif Me! is the best way to create and share short video in animated GIF or MP4. It’s easy: capture a small moment with your built in camera, and share it on social networks. You can apply an image filter too. — Features — * Capture frames with camera * Import photos from your album * Import a video file * Import a live photo * Real time color filters * Add a frame, text on the animation * Stop motion or video mode * Send by email * Share on social networks (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram) * You can remove watermark in settings * You can create stop motion, time lapse, slideshow or wiggle gifs You like Gif Me!? Please give us 5 stars! Your feedback is very important to our work. Download Gif Me! Camera Snake Simulator Normally $1.99. This is a 3D, high definition (HD), wild animals simulator, action and adventure game. The struggle for survival in an exotic jungle. All of the forest animals have self sounds. Animals: All of the animals have main two parameter varying according to levels, courage and anger. 1. Python: You manage a python and fight and hunt others animals in the forest. The snake is upgradeable. 2. Lion: It is the enemy of snakes. Brave lion attacks, cowardly lion escapes. Beware of the claws and the teeth. And fight hardly. 3. Tiger: This is an enemy snakes. Attention it’s paw hits. 4. Crocodile: This is the enemy. Attention it’s strong jaw . 5. Bear: It is the most powerful enemy in the terrible forest. 6. Boar: Wild forest pig. 7. Elephant: It attacks the snake with elephant tusks. 8. Dog: It is an Dalmatian. It is enemy too. 9. Deer: Chase and hunt deers with snake bite. Deers are enemies. They attack with big horns. 10. Goat: They are white enemies. They attack with horns. 11. Pig: They are only victims. 12. Zebra: They are only victims. 13. Rhinoceros: They are enemies. They attack with strong horn. 14. Spider: They are giant enemies. They bite. 15. Rat: They are giant enemies. They bite. 16. Frog: They are giant enemies. They attack with their tongue. 17. Fox: They are clever enemies. 18. Wolf: They are terrifying enemies. 19. Bat: Spit and shoot with snake venom. 20. Eagle: It can attack. Spit and shoot with snake venom. 21. Owl: The original inhabitants of the forest. 22. Parrot: Colorful and beautiful voice. 23. Duck: It flies and floats freely in the creek. 24. Giant dragonflies: Bravely without fear, spit and shoot with poison. 25. Giant bee: Spit and shoot with venom. 26. Crow: Dark birds in the forest. Shoot them with poison. Features: + 3D Animal actions. + 40 Levels and missions + High definition (HD) graphic. + Realistic physic. + Natural fighting + Selectable camera. + 26 different animals. Birds, bugs, reptiles, animals. + Seamless and serial control with tilt sensor and four buttons. Tips: +Play strategically. +For high score, hit remotely with venom. +Attention courage and anger parameters. Download Snake Simulator TeMo Normally $0.99. “TeMo” is a handwriting memo app. Handwriting characters and typed characters can be mixed in a text. Like normal memo app, insertion, delete, or cut & past can be applied on the text. Available line styles are as followings. ・Ballpoint pen ・Felt-tip pen ・Marker pen ・Fountain pen Pen color and size are also selectable. You can change these after it was written. From Ver.1.5, character decoration like underline or shadow is available (option). Character size, line height, letter spacing, or On/Off of ruled lines, can be changed. The memo can be outputted as a PDF or Image file. Calligraphy function is equipped in the app. If you specify a sample text and its font as a model, each character in the text will be displayed in the background of the handwriting area. Download TeMo Collage Collection Normally $1.99. Unlock your inner artist and transform your favorite photos into uniquely inspired collages! With this powerful photo editing and collage creating app, you get access to a huge selection of stunning visual effects and customizable artwork at your fingertips, for free. Your creative side is waiting! Collage Collection is the premier app that will turn your photos into masterpieces, allowing you to create and share your own unique artwork with friends and family on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter. With a simple and intuitive interface, choose between dozens of frames, filters, effects, fonts, styles, and colors to perfectly reinvent your photos into breathtaking collages. Why you’ll love it: Using Collage Collection, you can choose custom between dozens of handcrafted original themes built for a massive variety of occasions, moods, styles and genres; giving you complete creative freedom while providing inspirational suggestions for new ways you can have fun with your photos! The design allows you to flow seamlessly through each step of editing your photos, allowing you to add all the features you want at the best possible time. The features include: Collections of themes that can help you decide on a great path to take to turn any photo into a fantastic collage. Powerful photo editing software that allows you to crop, adjust and customize your images with a wide selection of visual effects. Download Collage Collection Phranslator Normally $0.99. Helps you improve your knowledge in any foreign language. How? Select & translate words. Save them. Take a photo and let Phranslator detect what’s in it. Then tap on words to translate and drag them on the picture where they belong. Save! Check saved translations everyday! Download Phranslator Since I Normally $0.99. This application allows you not to forget about life events, important to you. You can keep track on the time, lapsed from your first date, how long has it been since you started working out, adopted a kitten or started growing a beard. Did you give up smoking, started a diet? Motivate yourself, remembering how long has it been since you changed your life! Are you procrastinating a lot and can’t keep yourself organized? Set up a goal and keep track on how long it took you to achieve it. You can use this app for such events, as: Dating Marriage Birth of a child Vacation Relocation to a different city Change of your looks Giving up smoking Opening of a new business Starting working out Setting up a goal Download Since I Tags: Apple, appsale, iPad, iPhone View Comments Trending 1 Tech iPhone 8 and iPhone 7s specs and features listed in new report 2 Deals The one accessory every Nintendo Switch owner needs is somehow discounted on Amazon 3 Tech Galaxy S8: Specs, release info, and everything else we know right now 4 Deals Never worry about protecting your Pixel XL screen again 5 Tech The 8 best new features Apple added to your iPhone in iOS 10.3 Picked For You Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad Post to Cancel
IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Big Data Analytics Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers Apple acquires Workflow, offers automation app for free in App Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Responsibility in the IoT: Why security can’t be treated as an afterthought Facebook hires Apple veteran to lead Oculus VR hardware efforts Best Ad Blocker: Top 7 Responsibility in the IoT: Why security can’t be treated as an afterthought Facebook hires Apple veteran to lead Oculus VR hardware efforts Samsung looks to disrupt with contactless payments for any wearable IBM turns dog whisperer with drone that will look after your pets Siemens commits to post-Brexit UK in yet another vote of confidence for the city Uber self driving crash fuels driverless safety concerns Three, Cisco sign major IoT deal to bring connectivity to global enterprise CeBit 2017: Huawei leads the wei on road to digital transformation CeBit 2017: The key tech driving this year’s fair in Hannover Salesforce brings Einstein AI to Financial Services Cloud Elon Musk links brains and computers in latest AI venture New Intel AI group to be led by ex-Nervana frontman Naveen Rao Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS AWS puts the call centre in the cloud with Amazon Connect Salesforce brings Einstein AI to Financial Services Cloud Microsoft hurdles regulatory barriers to move FS data into the cloud Microsoft hurdles regulatory barriers to move FS data into the cloud CoreOS sees Tectonic shift in Kubernetes adoption with additional platforms Colt DCS targets cheaper AWS & Azure cloud costs with private data centre connectivity Equinix Cloud Exchange expands in Europe to bring more cloud choice to business Microsoft, Adobe team up to rival Salesforce with joint cloud offering IBM, Red Hat make hybrid cloud look easy with OpenStack Salesforce brings Einstein AI to Financial Services Cloud Microsoft hurdles regulatory barriers to move FS data into the cloud UK universities jump in the Box for cloud content management Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Why cyber security ignorance is bliss for IoT hackers Hackers steal nearly 4 million records every day Almost half of UK business has NO cyber security plan Why cyber security ignorance is bliss for IoT hackers Responsibility in the IoT: Why security can’t be treated as an afterthought Hackers steal nearly 4 million records every day Almost half of UK business has NO cyber security plan WhatsApp encryption helps terrorists hide, says Home Secretary Amber Rudd Symantec dealt major blow as Google loses trust in security certificates Hackers steal nearly 4 million records every day Almost half of UK business has NO cyber security plan Symantec dealt major blow as Google loses trust in security certificates Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Samsung could sell some refurbished Galaxy Note 7 smartphone Best Streaming Device Android O Preview drops for developers, offers better battery life and notifications Best Mobile Antivirus iOS 11 Screenshot Alerts – Rumoured Apple iPhone update probably untrue More hardware issues for the Google Pixel prompts several recalls Extremist YouTube videos could cost Google $750m Twitter looks to paid membership as ad revenue slows Microsoft licenses connected car technology patents to Toyota Siemens commits to post-Brexit UK in yet another vote of confidence for the city BT handed record £42m fine for Openreach installation failings Three, Cisco sign major IoT deal to bring connectivity to global enterprise Best Video Editing Software for Mac Best laptops for programming Best business laptops for travel Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Former Intel CIO to lead Lenovo data centre business Equinix Cloud Exchange expands in Europe to bring more cloud choice to business Colt DCS targets cheaper AWS & Azure cloud costs with private data centre connectivity The power of Facebook: What the data centre world can learn from Open Compute Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change Microsoft embraces open source innovation for data centres at OCP 2017 Schneider Electric targets IoT and edge apps with micro data centre Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change CUI chills the data centre market with ICE Block Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change Interxion expands European colo market with new London data centre Facebook fails to throw out lawsuit that alleges data centre design theft Big Data Analytics What is a Data Scientist? Will user behaviour analytics KO SIEM? MapR targets Edge analytics for IoT devices Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation Intel Optane SSD doubles down on data centre storage The Great Data Divide: Baby Boomers vs. Millennials IBM stores one bit of data on a single atom Open source software is for everyone – so where are the women? Best Ad Blocker: Top 7 Best Video Editing Software for Mac Intel gives traditional hard drives a speed boost with Optane Memory Qualcomm Snapdragon is now a platform, not a processor Facebook unveils new GPU server Big Basin AWS puts the call centre in the cloud with Amazon Connect 2017: the year when identity and access management is placed at the heart of digital transformation Why the right off-pitch team is crucial for Grand-Slam success Best free PDF editors Android O Preview drops for developers, offers better battery life and notifications Automate DevOps so you can focus on a security-first culture IBM, Red Hat make hybrid cloud look easy with OpenStack Kaspersky targets VMware NSX security for software defined data centres Vmware, Microsoft & Red Hat: Which virtualisation vendor is best for your business? Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers English French What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers 5G sale could be blocked as Three threatens legal action DocuSign simplifies one step payments for Apple & Android Pay MobilityApps Back to Home Apple acquires Workflow, offers automation app for free in App Store Increase / Decrease text size Byomakesh Biswal   - Senior Reporter 23rd March 2017 Add to favorites Workflow allows users to drag and drop any combination of actions to create powerful workflows for iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch. Apple has acquired the start-up behind Workflow, the renowned automation app on iOS. San Francisco-based DeskConnect, the developer of the Workflow app, was founded in 2012. Investors include Rough Draft Ventures. Financial terms of the transaction were not disclosed. Workflow allows users to drag and drop any combination of actions to create powerful workflows for iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch. It enables users to create their own shortcuts for several functions associated to iOS and third-party apps for iPads and iPhones. As part of the deal, the Workflow team including Ari Weinstein, Conrad Kramer, and Nick Frey, will be joining Apple. Weinstein told TechCrunch, “We’ve worked closely with Apple from the very beginning, from kickstarting our company as students attending WWDC to developing and launching Workflow and seeing its amazing success on the App Store. “We can’t wait to take our work to the next level at Apple and contribute to products that touch people across the world.” In 2015, the Workflow app won an Apple Design Award for its accessibility features.  Apple is now offering the app for free on its App Store which used to cost $2.99. There is no clarity on how the Workflow app will be integrated with Apple’s offerings. In addition to offering a standalone Workflow app, Apple could potentially seek to integrate the technology into iOS. It may be used alongside Siri in the future. Apple has recently introduced Clips, a new app which allows users to create expressive videos on iPhone and iPad. READ MORE: Apple held to Bitcoin ransom as hackers hold 200m iCloud accounts captive The app features a design for combining video clips, photos and music into great-looking videos. They can share those videos with friends via the Messages app, or on Instagram, Facebook and other popular social networks. It also includes Live Titles, a feature that allows users create animated captions and titles using just their voice. Tags Apple Homepage News List Previous ArticleWhat is a GoPro? Next ArticleWhat is a Kindle? Most read Almost half of UK business has NO cyber security plan Tom Ball 27th March 2017 IBM turns dog whisperer with drone that will look after your pets Byomakesh Biswal 27th March 2017 Three, Cisco sign major IoT deal to bring connectivity to global enterprise Ellie Burns 27th March 2017 1 in 4 believe robots would make better politicians Hannah Williams 22nd March 2017 Snapchat IPO gives a glimpse into the power of software James Nunns 21st March 2017 New Gmail Phishing scam trawling for unsuspecting users Tom Ball 17th March 2017 iOS 11 Screenshot Alerts – Rumoured Apple iPhone update probably untrue Joe Clark 17th March 2017 Latest White Papers How Intel IT’s Integrated Analytics Platform Helps Sales and Marketing By Intel Le stockage de demain By Kaminario Overcome the Attacker Advantage with McAfee Endpoint Security By Intel Editor’s Pick Open source software is for everyone – so where are the women? Ellie Burns 28th March 2017 Why cyber security ignorance is bliss for IoT hackers Joe Clark 28th March 2017 Microsoft hurdles regulatory barriers to move FS data into the cloud James Nunns 28th March 2017 BT handed record £42m fine for Openreach installation failings Joe Clark 27th March 2017 Top 5 Mother’s Day tech gifts for your tech savvy mum Hannah Williams 24th March 2017 Related News Extremist YouTube videos could cost Google $750m Joe Clark 28th March 2017 Twitter looks to paid membership as ad revenue slows Joe Clark 24th March 2017 Microsoft licenses connected car technology patents to Toyota Byomakesh Biswal 23rd March 2017 Latest in 4th Revolution 4th Revolution Elon Musk links brains and computers in latest AI venture Byomakesh Biswal 28th March 2017 4th Revolution IBM turns dog whisperer with drone that will look after your pets Byomakesh Biswal 27th March 2017 4th Revolution New Intel AI group to be led by ex-Nervana frontman Naveen Rao Byomakesh Biswal 24th March 2017 Latest in Analysis Why cyber security ignorance is bliss for IoT hackers Joe Clark 28th March 2017 Inside the buzzword: Charting the evolution of IoT Joe Clark 23rd March 2017 Productivity and profit: Is your mobility strategy mature enough? Ellie Burns 22nd March 2017 What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers © 2016 COMPUTER BUSINESS REVIEW. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Favourites Favorite list is empty.Clear favorites Your favorite posts saved to your browsers cookies. If you clear cookies also favorite posts will be deleted. Latest News on CBR AWS puts the call centre in the cloud with Amazon Connect 3 hours ago Salesforce brings Einstein AI to Financial Services Cloud 3 hours ago Open source software is for everyone – so where are the women? 3 hours ago Why cyber security ignorance is bliss for IoT hackers 6 hours ago Intel gives traditional hard drives a speed boost with Optane Memory 6 hours ago Samsung could sell some refurbished Galaxy Note 7 smartphone 7 hours ago Responsibility in the IoT: Why security can’t be treated as an afterthought 7 hours ago Facebook hires Apple veteran to lead Oculus VR hardware efforts 9 hours ago Microsoft hurdles regulatory barriers to move FS data into the cloud 9 hours ago Elon Musk links brains and computers in latest AI venture 10 hours ago IoT in the enterprise now 10 hours ago Solving big data regulatory hurdles for enterprise 10 hours ago Article 50: What UK tech wants and needs as Britain leaves EU 10 hours ago UK universities jump in the Box for cloud content management 10 hours ago Hackers steal nearly 4 million records every day 11 hours ago Extremist YouTube videos could cost Google $750m 11 hours ago
New Atlas Lifestyle Science Technology Transport Search Subscribe Smartwatches Automatically curbing Apple Watch notifications seems like a wise way to prevent distracted driving Emily Ferron March 23, 2017 The Apple Watch Series 2 has a few user-friendly options for replying to texts, but it's still not safe to do so while driving (Credit: Emily Ferron/New Atlas) View gallery - 2 images There are times when at-a-glance notifications do more harm than good – driving is one of them. A recently awarded patent suggests that the Apple Watch could eventually prevent this distraction/nuisance by automatically detecting when you're driving and following suit by halting notifications. Considering the known dangers of distracted driving, it seems like a wise way to approach smartwatch safety. According to the patent, Apple proposes a method by which the Apple Watch's motion detectors can detect when you're driving. It then provides a reduction in notifications that can be customized by the user. Notifications could be re-routed to the vehicle's speakers, for example, or they could be restricted to only emergency and other types of high-priority alerts. Sick of Ads? New Atlas Plus offers subscribers an ad free experience. It's just US$19 a year.More Information Of course, Apple and other consumer tech companies file many, many patents that never come to fruition. It's wise to take this possibility with plenty of grains of salt. Considering there are similar measures in place such as limiting notifications through CarPlay, however, this is one development that does not require a radical stretch of the imagination. Source: US Patent & Trademark Office, via 9to5Mac View gallery - 2 images Automatically curbing Apple Watch notifications seems like a wise way to prevent distracted driving 1 / 2 The Apple Watch Series 2 has a few user-friendly options for replying to texts, but it's still not safe to do so while driving (Credit: Emily Ferron/New Atlas) In this situation, you don't need notifications on your wrist, too Tags #Apple #Wearable #Patent #Apple Watch #Driving #Safety Share this article Post a comment   Over 255,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Your Email Top stories How graphene quantum dots can fight cancer, counterfeiting and wine spoilage DJI proposes electronic accountability for drones Anti-aging protein reverses hair loss, improves stamina in mice Huawei Watch 2 review: Reality doesn't quite meet expectations Sponsored Content Recommended for you Sponsored Content Latest in Smartwatches Huawei Watch 2 review: Reality doesn't quite meet expectations Samsung confirms LTE connectivity for Gear S3 Classic smartwatch Automatically curbing Apple Watch notifications seems like a wise way to prevent distracted driving Misfit's Vapor fitness smartwatch will run Android Wear 2.0 Huawei Watch 2 vs. Samsung Gear S3 Huawei Watch 2 vs. LG Watch Sport Huawei Watch 2 vs. Apple Watch Series 2 Huawei Watch 2 vs. Huawei Watch Huawei Watch 2 hands-on: Stylish, sporty and rocking Android Wear 2.0 LG Watch Style vs. Samsung Gear S2 LG Watch Style review: Compact and compromised LG Watch Style vs. Huawei Watch Editors Choice The truth about Satan: Nuclear war in the 21st century Compare the latest tech gear In pictures: Pretty, weird and pretty weird bikes from NAHBS 2017 Interview: The bold plan to build the world’s first ship tunnel In pictures: One more look at the 2017 Geneva Motor Show for the road Getting out of Auto: Understanding the exposure triangle In photos: Exotic sports car madness at the 2017 Geneva Motor Show What will the James Webb Space Telescope reveal about the newly discovered exoplanets? Zoltan Istvan on transhumanism, politics and why the human body has to go Flight of the Blackbird: The how, what and why of the incredible SR-71 In pictures: The best of The Photography Show 2017 Counting the days: Our five most anticipated upcoming buildings Over 255,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address Top Home About Contact Privacy Terms & Conditions Advertise Copyright © Gizmag Pty Ltd 2017 Twitter Facebook RSS Flipboard Gizmag is now New Atlas
  SOFTPEDIA®   Windows   Drivers   Games   Mac   Android   Linux   News Softpedia > News > Security FLASH SALE: Bitdefender 2017      50% OFF! WikiLeaks Vault 7: CIA Infects "Factory Fresh" iPhones GO Other projects refer to Macs being infected via a modified firmware on an Apple Thunderbolt-to-Ethernet adaptor Mar 23, 2017 15:56 GMT  ·  By Gabriela Vatu  ·  Share:  Vault 7 revelations are back via WikiLeaks, and it seems that iPhones are the center of attention this time as documents reveal that the CIA has been infecting macOS firmware and "factory fresh" iPhones for years.  If the first time around we saw a trove of documents regarding all types of exploitations the CIA can make use of, this time we're focusing on Macs and iPhones. For instance, the "Dark Matter" documents discuss one project called "Sonic Screwdriver." Created by the CIA's Embedded Development Branch, the Screwdriver is a mechanism for executing code on peripheral devices while a Mac laptop or desktop is booting. In short, an attacker could install malicious software on your device via a USB stick, even if a firmware password is required. The infector for this particular tool is stored on the modified firmware of an Apple Thunderbolt-to-Ethernet adapter. Then, another project is "DarkSeaSkies," which is an implant that persists in the EFI firmware of an Apple MacBook Air computer, along with Triton macOS malware, its infector "Dark Mallet" and its EFI-persistent version "DerStake." Documents in the hands of WikiLeaks include the 2013 DesStake 1.4 manual, but other documents show that, as of 2016, the CIA continues to rely on and update these systems and is working on a second DerStarke version. Infecting the iPhone supply chain Another one of the CIA's tools targets iPhones. By using a "beacon/loader/implanter tool" called NightSkies, factory-fresh iPhones can become infested. WikiLeaks states that documents in its hold indicate NightSkies had reached version 1.2 by 2008 and was expressly designed to be physically installed onto fresh iPhones alone, which they claim shows the CIA had been infecting the iPhone supply chain ever since. "While CIA assets are sometimes used to physically infect systems in the custody of a target it is likely that many CIA physical access attacks have infected the targeted organization's supply chain including by interdicting mail orders and other shipments (opening, infecting, and resending) leaving the United States or otherwise," WikiLeaks writes. Apple has yet to address the new leaks. During the previous round of documents revealed a little over two weeks ago, several tools were shown to target iPhones and Macs. Then, Apple said that the technology built into today's iPhone was the "best security available to customers" and that it had already fixed many of the vulnerabilities exploited by the CIA, as per the WikiLeaks document dump. #WikiLeaks#Vault 7#iPhone#Dark Matter#Mac subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Cisco Says CIA Can Exploit 318 of Its Switches, Promises Fix WikiLeaks Won't Share CIA Files with Tech Companies Unless They Agree to Terms Linux Foundation on Vault 7: Frequent Security Updates Protect Linux Users Google: We've Already Fixed Most Bugs Exposed in WikiLeaks' Vault 7 Files Two Laptops with Hong Kong's 3.7 Million Voters' Data Stolen Samsung Store in Singapore Catches Fire Ahead of Galaxy S8 Unveil All 2017 iPhones to Support Wireless Charging, Apple Watch to Feature LTE How to Upgrade to Windows 10 Creators Update RTM Right Now Survey: 93% of Millennials Aren't Quitting Uber Two Laptops with Hong Kong's 3.7 Million Voters' Data Stolen Latest Black Lab Linux Weekly Build Optimizes Swap File Management for SSD Windows 10, the Only Way to Go: 8 in 10 Companies to Install the OS, Study Shows    New WikiLeaks dump shows CIA focus on iPhones Related Apps hide.me VPN: An easy to configure VPN client for Windows that enables you to hide your real identity while navigating online by connecting to a VPN server Metasploit Community: Penetration testing tool for security professionals that lets them run a discovery scan, bruteforce attack and exploit in order to detect vulnerabilities within a user-defined network range Metasploit Pro: This is a versatile and effective application that prevents data breaches with real-world attack scenarios and verifies security effectiveness SecureSafe: A comprehensive online storage solution that allows you to keep your files and passwords protected thanks to a high level of data encryption KPEnhancedEntryView: Enhance the accessibility of KeePass Password Safe by adding extra display elements to your window with this straightforward plugin Zemana AntiLogger: Make sure that your private data will remain private by using this software application that prevents harmful applications from damaging your computer ApexSQL Decrypt: A decryption tool for SQL Server database objects, be them functions, procedures, views or triggers, which enables you to preview the original DDL scripts Reader comments Let's Encrypt Hands Out 15,000 Fraudulent Security Certificates to Phishers more on: Let's Encrypt i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple What’s next for Apple Music and Beats 1: Original content, revamped apps, more Beats, live events & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: A spring iPad event now seems unlikely, but that 10.5-inch iPad is probably still real Trending in Apple Opinion: The new low-cost iPad is further evidence of a new approach to Apple’s pricing Trending in Apple What’s next for Siri: Apple’s advantage for its Echo/Google Home competitor Trending in Apple Comment: I’m wondering whether even Apple could pull off smart glasses we’d actually want to wear Trending in Apple Roundup: Here’s everything we currently know about the new iPads coming this year March 23 AAPL: 140.92 -0.50 WikiLeaks’ latest Vault 7 documents profile CIA’s exploits for Mac & iPhone Greg Barbosa - Mar. 23rd 2017 8:44 am PT @gregbarbosa Wikileaks Vault 7 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Update: Apple has issued on today’s WikiLeaks documents: Apple statement on this morning’s Wikileaks Vault 7 documents pic.twitter.com/8oPgbXrzox — Russell Brandom (@russellbrandom) March 24, 2017 In their ongoing efforts of leaking government security documents, WikiLeaks has just dropped the latest in their Vault 7 collection. Titled “Dark Matter,” this release contains documents showcasing various projects undertaken by the CIA to infect Apple computer systems and iPhones. The Mac specific infections are considered a bit more serious to combat, considering they infect the EFI and persist even after re-installations. The Sonic Screwdriver project, aptly titled after a Doctor Who gadget that opens just about anything, is nefarious in the way that it can easily infect other systems. The project can be launched from a USB stick, or even on an Apple Thunderbolt-to-Ethernet adapter with modified firmware. According to what WikiLeaks shared, the documents state that the attack can happen even if the computer is locked down with a firmware password. This exploit sounds very similar to what Pedro Vilaca discovered mid-last year. The other CIA exploit projects stem around remaining EFI-persistent after installation. EFI, or Extensible Firmware Interface, is Apple’s equivalent to the BIOS seen in PC systems. As it’s “baked-in” to each Mac, removing or clearing the EFI doesn’t occur when re-installing macOS from scratch. In the new “Dark Matter” release WikiLeaks shares that DarkSeaSkies specifically implants itself into the EFI on MacBook Air computers. They state it is a combination of the DarkMatter, SeaPea, and NightSkies tools that “implant” themselves into the EFI, kernel-space, and user-space respectively. Potentially scarier in this release is the manual for the NightSkies tool made specifically for iPhone. NightSkies version 1.2 had been out since 2008 and according to WikiLeaks was specifically designed to be installed on “factory fresh iPhones.” This has led WikiLeaks to believe that “the CIA has been infecting the iPhone supply chain of its targets since at least 2008.” In regards to that last comment, Will Strafach, security researcher, shared that WikiLeaks’ release today shows no indication that phones off the supply chain were being directly infected. According to Strafach, “The mention of ‘supply chain’ is misleading because it is not substantiated in the source documents. The terminology used was “factory fresh” which indicates it is just a new device, but does not mean there was any sort of infection at a factory. Further, other documents make it clear that this toolset is intended for use on a device that will be given to the target by the operator or asset.” As with most of these leaks in the previous weeks, many of these releases dictate software vulnerabilities that no longer exist. Strafach took to Twitter to remind others that none of these vulnerabilites are new or should be of concern. I truly hope it goes without saying, but if not: I have verified that the new release contains nothing of concern. most things are ancient. https://t.co/0JSSc0UgF0 — Will Strafach (@chronic) March 23, 2017 From the short WikiLeaks summary shared today, all of these vulnerabilities required physical access to the victim’s machines. The most recent security releases all seem to stem from years old vulnerabilities that Apple has already acknowledged as being fixed. While these vulnerabilities may be patched and fixed on those on the most up-to-date software, it still begs the question what else exists that has yet to be disclosed. Subscribe to 9to5Mac on YouTube for more videos Greg Barbosa @gregbarbosa Greg Barbosa is the Product Manager at Electrek, 9to5Google, 9to5Mac, and 9to5Toys and a writer for 9to5Mac. Favorite Gear iPhone 7 Plus, 128GB (Jet Black) Peel iPhone 7 Plus Case 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (2.9GHz i7, 16GB RAM, Radeon Pro 460, 1TB storage) Guides Wikileaks View THe Guide Vault 7 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
x PhoneArena is hiring! San Francisco writer PhoneArena Search Login Register Home Phones Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile View all Manufacturers Samsung Sony Apple HTC LG Huawei Motorola Google View all Phone tools Phone finder New phones Popular phones Compare phones Size compare Best phones Camera comparison Benchmarks Tablets Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile Manufacturers Apple Samsung Asus Amazon Tablet tools Tablet finder New tablets Popular tablets Compare tablets News Reviews Videos Tip us Home Phones Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile more ... Brands Samsung Apple LG Motorola Sony HTC Huawei Google more ... Tablets Carriers Verizon AT&T Sprint T-Mobile more ... Brands Samsung Motorola HTC LG BlackBerry Apple Nokia more ... News Reviews Videos Tip us Tools Phone Finder Compare phones Size compare Camera comparison Best phones Discussions Benchmarks Show menu Home › News › What the Galaxy S8/S8+ and the LG G6 may look like next to an almost bezel-less iPhone 8 What the Galaxy S8/S8+ and the LG G6 may look like next to an almost bezel-less iPhone 8 Posted: 23 Mar 2017, 10:36, by Milen Y. Share Tweet Share Tags : Samsung-Samsung+ LG-LG+ Apple-Apple+ 2017 is shaping up as the year of small bezels and big displays. Although phone makers have been trying to increase screen size without adding unnecessary bulk to their products for some time, it is only now that something of a more meaningful paradigm shift is emerging on the horizon. Yes, we've already seen a couple of “bezel-less” phones, but they didn't have the mass-market appeal of your iPhones, and Galaxies, and Pixels, and they weren't really meant to have it. Back in 2014, the Sharp Aquos was a bold and flawed device that showcased what smartphones could look like in a few years, and while the more recent Xiaomi Mi Mix was undoubtedly an overall better phone, it was still nothing more than a conceptual would-be. The LG G6 features an innovative FullVision display that's taller than that of most phonesHowever, things are changing now, and it seems like major phone makers are ready to board the big-display-small-bezels-compact-size bandwagon and deliver on a premise that is truly exciting. With the G6, LG showed the world that a phone can remain compact, while having a larger display, and not be totally bonkers in its execution. Samsung is taking a similar approach with the upcoming Galaxy S8 and S8+, and even the Note 8 further down the line, and is stuffing bigger displays in devices that are otherwise not substantially larger than their predecessors. Apple too, according to many rumors, will be doing this for the major redesign of the iPhone (tentatively called iPhone 8 from here on out). We recently imagined what the iPhone 8 may look like, basing our design concepts on currently available information, and although there is no guarantee this early on that the final product will end up looking exactly like that, we did our best to take into account the most plausible rumors regarding the phone's dimensions and screen size. Now, and seeing as how a new screen aspect ratio is emerging as a possible replacement to the current industry standard of 9:16, we thought it would be interesting to see what the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ may look like next to an almost bezel-less iPhone 8. We'll also be tossing the LG G6 into the mix, just to spice things up. So, let's have a look: iPhone 8   |   Samsung Galaxy S8   |   Samsung Galaxy S8+ According to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who has traditionally been a reliable source of preliminary information for new Apple products, the drastically redesigned iPhone 8 will feature an OLED display with a physical area of 5.8 inches, the bottom part of which will be occupied by what Kuo is referring to as a “function area”, leaving about 5.1-5.15 inches of actual display area. If you want to learn more about this so-called “function area”, and how future iOS apps may be designed with it in mind, check out our iPhone 8 design concept story for more details. This is what the iPhone 8 may look like, if current rumors are to be believed According to various rumors, albeit redesigned to feature an almost edge-to-edge display, the iPhone 8 will retain much the same dimensions as its predecessors. Whether that entails a fraction of an inch deviation from the current height and width of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus is unclear at this point, but if the LG G6 (which is almost the same exact size of the G5) and the Galaxy S8/S8+ are anything to go by, then it would be a relatively safe bet that the iPhone 8 models will too be quite similar to current iPhones in terms of size. The comparison image above shows an iPhone 8 that does not feature a curved screen. As such, they are noticeably wider than both Galaxy S8 phones, but this is not to say that this would be a disadvantage. Furthermore, some rumors claim that Apple may actually implement a curved screen in the redesigned iPhone 8, so it wouldn't be too out of the question to see an iPhone like that. Next, let's have a look at how LG's latest flagship, the G6, looks next to the Galaxy S8 and our iPhone 8 design concept: The Samsung Galaxy S8 and the LG G6 have displays that are almost identical in size (around 5.8 inches), but their execution is quite different. Further than that, S8's display is even taller than the already tall FullVision display of the LG G6 iPhone 8   |   Samsung Galaxy S8   |   LG G6 A snazzy-looking bunch, these three.  Opinions on whether this whole 9:18/1:2 (or taller in the case of the S8) aspect ratio thing will catch on are polarized, especially since, say, a 5.8-inch 9:18 display is not as big as a 9:16 display with the same diagonal, but the truth is that this way you're getting a phone that's not much bigger, but its screen size has increased. Whether you like it or not, it's very possible that, after the Galaxy S8, S8+, and LG G6, more major phone makers will bite the bullet and start developing their phones this way. What do you think about this potential emerging trend? As always, you can tell us in the comment section below. If you'd like to learn more about G6's unique "FullVision" display and what the differences in size are between a standard 9:16 display and a 9:18 one with the same diagonal (and more), check out these stories: LG G6 "FullVision" display explored and explained: what does the 9:18 aspect ratio entail? 16 Feb 2017 The LG G6 will sport a screen with an 18:9 aspect ratio, instead of the current industry standard of... The LG G6's screen has a 5.7-inch diagonal, but that doesn't necessarily make it a large display 14 Mar 2017 While the G6 does have a 5.7-inch display, this doesn't necesarrily mean you will be getting a bigger... LG G6 will have a unique screen: What's different and how will it affect you? 10 Jan 2017 LG G6 will have an odd screen, as far as aspect ratio is concerned, at least. How is it different from... So, what is this 2:1 Univisium display ratio on the LG G6 and likely the S8? 26 Feb 2017 With more and more Netflix and other movies shot in the 2:1 Univisium format, phones like the Galaxy... iPhone 8 design concept View more + 8 images Popular galleries Best new Android and iPhone games (late March 2017) Android O: All the new features... so far "Never Settle" teaser maybe hints at OnePlus 4 (OnePlus 5?). Or just a jet black color for an existing product How to get rid of the Google Assistant and get Google Now On Tap back Best free Android and iOS games of the week! (March 20-26) Best smartphones you can buy right now: February 2017 Apple's new iPad is not an iPad Air 2 or iPad Pro upgrade: 8 things Apple's $330 tablet is missing Galaxy S8 and S8+ seen from numerous angles in leak-based renders Skin deep: 5 things to note in the new Galaxy S8 interface from these high-res photos Best tech deals (smartphones, accessories, headphones, power banks) today, March 24 Galaxy S6 Nougat update manual is out, here are the differences with Android 7 on the S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 before and after the Android Nougat update: here's what's changed Best iPhone 7 and 7 Plus accessories - cases, headphones, adapters, and more Best Chinese Android smartphones (February 2017) 10 amazing Android home screen designs that will inspire you #9 Gold Samsung Galaxy S8+ leaks in live image ZOOM PREVIEW LOADING + image image image image image image image image image image image image iPhone 8 design concept View As Slideshow » iPhone 8 design concept 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 11. 12. Watch the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ "Unpacked" launch event livestream 23 Mar Prev news New report claims Samsung Galaxy S8 pre-orders start on March 29 in Europe 23 Mar Next news Close newer posts Grab these fine Android and iOS games on sale today, March 23 23 Mar New prank that uses Siri could end up with you in jail 23 Mar iPhone 8 could be released in September, but you may have a hard time finding 23 Mar New report claims Samsung Galaxy S8 pre-orders start on March 29 in Europe 23 Mar Now reading: What the Galaxy S8/S8+ and the LG G6 may look like next to an almost bezel-less iPhone 8 What the Galaxy S8/S8+ and the LG G6 may look like next to an almost bezel-less 23 Mar Watch the Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ "Unpacked" launch event livestream 23 Mar Samsung introduces a 4G LTE version of the Gear S3 Classic 23 Mar Is Apple giving up on tablets, or is the new iPad a smart business move 23 Mar Sofie and Grayson are the newest Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches from Michael 23 Mar Animation movie Rio gets its own mobile game featuring the voice of Jesse 23 Mar older posts Featured stories   HTC's next flagship is the "U"   Why fingerprint gestures should become the norm for all smartphones   The Google Pixel does not exist   iOS 10.3 and watchOS 3.2 updates are out!   These are the best affordable smartphones   Best mid-range "$400 flagships" 66 Comments Follow Following Options Close Always view all comments Show comments: default show moderated comments Display mode: Threaded Chronological Newest first Save 1 2 3 Next » posted on 23 Mar 2017, 10:40 28 Reply 1. shield (Posts: 434; Member since: 12 Sep 2015) iPhone 8 is FAKE! posted on 23 Mar 2017, 11:07 16 Reply 10. trojan_horse (Posts: 3280; Member since: 06 May 2016) Yep, it's design is clearly same as the Galaxy S8, but with the iOS UI. posted on 23 Mar 2017, 11:32 7 Reply 24. steodoreben (Posts: 343; Member since: 26 Sep 2013) Apple is so jealous. They realized that less bezels feel premium just like large screen displays. posted on 23 Mar 2017, 11:56 17 Reply 30. yann (Posts: 299; Member since: 15 Jul 2010) I bet that iPhone 8 or X or whatever they call it, will be far away from that concept. posted on 23 Mar 2017, 18:26 1 in response to #30 in response to #30 Hide Reply 59. sgodsell (Posts: 4309; Member since: 16 Mar 2013) I love how PhoneArena makes it look like the LG G6 is so big to the iPhone 8. Which they don't even know what it looks like. As it stands today the LG G6 is only 1/4 " taller than the existing iPhone 7. Yet it has a 2880x1440 resolution display that is 5.7", and the iPhone 7 has a 1334x750 resolution display that is 4.7" and is in a frame that that is only a 1/4" shorter than the G6. The bezels are small on the G6. Yet here they look large. posted on 23 Mar 2017, 10:43 4 Reply 2. Xperia14 (Posts: 744; Member since: 01 Sep 2015) I still wish that they would have sticked to the 16:9 aspect ratio instead of these tall displays. posted on 23 Mar 2017, 10:46 15 Reply 5. John-Knotts (Posts: 310; Member since: 28 Feb 2015) Yeah me too. I wish these companies would just release the same phone every year and never try anything new. /s posted on 23 Mar 2017, 11:15 2 Reply 15. maherk (Posts: 4462; Member since: 10 Feb 2012) I have no problem with the ratio, but with the screen size. How awesome it would've been if they used this bezel less design on a phone with the size of the S7 or even the A3 2017. I want a premium and compact flagship, and no OEM is willing to offer this. posted on 23 Mar 2017, 11:20 1 Reply 19. Xperia14 (Posts: 744; Member since: 01 Sep 2015) A small screen with this aspect ratio would be very narrow. They should take the S7's 5,1" 16:9 screen but with this bezel less design, that would be great for a compact flagship imo! posted on 23 Mar 2017, 12:20 0 in response to #19 in response to #19 Hide Reply 35. maherk (Posts: 4462; Member since: 10 Feb 2012) That's also a great idea posted on 23 Mar 2017, 18:30 0 Reply 60. sgodsell (Posts: 4309; Member since: 16 Mar 2013) For things like VR (Cardboard and others), then a display this size is great. For example the G6 has two symmetrical displays in term of resolution (1440x1440) for VR. Plus it looks really great with multiple tasks running in split screen. posted on 23 Mar 2017, 10:43 15 Reply 3. haruken (Posts: 44; Member since: 06 Nov 2013) You mean iPhone Galaxy S8, right ? I find it baffling how Pro Apple sites have no problems promoting renders from a Samsung imitation.This time it's not just "square design", it's the entire front that looks identical. Interesting how the tables turned around. posted on 23 Mar 2017, 11:16 2 Reply 16. gehrig (Posts: 312; Member since: 17 Apr 2014) You say that when the LG G6 precedes BOTH of these phones. posted on 23 Mar 2017, 11:27 2 Reply 20. bucky (Posts: 2927; Member since: 30 Sep 2009) You honestly think they started designing the iPhone after they saw Samsung?it takes years to copy, like Samsung did. posted on 23 Mar 2017, 11:48 7 Reply 28. Ronan (Posts: 16; Member since: 21 Mar 2017) You have to be brain dead, Jesus Christ!....smh. posted on 23 Mar 2017, 11:49 9 Reply 29. trojan_horse (Posts: 3280; Member since: 06 May 2016) "You honestly think they started designing the iPhone after they saw Samsung? it takes years to copy, like Samsung did." So what are you trying to say? Samsung began the curve screen trend with the Galaxy Note Edge in 2014, then went to the dual curves in 2015. We're now in 2017, so 2 years was enough time for Apple to watch and copy it. So yep, I honestly (and factually) think Apple began designing the iPhone 8 after they saw the curved edges in Samsung's flagships 2 years ago. Deal with it. posted on 23 Mar 2017, 12:03 6 in response to #29 in response to #29 Hide Reply 31. haruken (Posts: 44; Member since: 06 Nov 2013) And on top of the that Samsung had already publically shown prototypes of curved displays all the way back in 2013. posted on 23 Mar 2017, 12:05 4 Reply 32. haruken (Posts: 44; Member since: 06 Nov 2013) The G6 has a 80% screen to body ratio (according to PA), that's the SAME as the Note7 released last year (again PA), and the S6 Edge+ from 2 years ago already had over 75% (PA again). So no, LG didn't precede anyone, if anything they just copied Samsung (thin bezels, glass metal design). posted on 23 Mar 2017, 12:45 0 in response to #28 in response to #28 Hide Reply 38. bucky (Posts: 2927; Member since: 30 Sep 2009) why is that?You honestly think being Apple in the phone world isnt their primary goal? Everything they do is because of Apple still to this day. posted on 23 Mar 2017, 13:29 3 in response to #38 in response to #38 Hide Reply 44. trojan_horse (Posts: 3280; Member since: 06 May 2016) "Everything they do is because of Apple still to this day." How ironic, considering that the same thing can be said about Apple. Besides, Samsung didn't begin the curved edge screen trend because of Apple, nor the multi window stuff and other features which Apple has copied and copying still to this day. Isn't this dual edge bezel-less design which Apple is supposedly doing for the iPhone 8 is because of Samsung? It goes both ways, so claimimg crap that "Everything Samsung does is because of Apple" makes no sense. posted on 23 Mar 2017, 13:45 2 Reply 47. tedkord (Posts: 13039; Member since: 17 Jun 2009) According to the apple Militia, sometimes it takes negative years. posted on 23 Mar 2017, 20:19 0 in response to #38 in response to #38 Hide Reply 62. ColinW (Posts: 193; Member since: 04 Jun 2014) Far from it. Apple built on phones that were around before it, Samsung took some cues from Apple. Now Apple are very much following Samsung and Android phones in both hardware and software. posted on 23 Mar 2017, 10:44 19 Reply 4. wando77 (Posts: 1071; Member since: 23 Aug 2012) Disgusting damage control by iphonarena. Comparing the s8 and g6 to a fake render of an iPhone in an attempt to get would be Samsung/LG buyers to hold off from buying those phones. There is only way Apple is going to go from having the biggest bezels in the industry to having the smallest. You purposely used renders that make the screen ratio look better on an iPhone and this is complete horse Apple. The worst article I have seen on this site yet. posted on 23 Mar 2017, 10:48 15 Reply 6. John-Knotts (Posts: 310; Member since: 28 Feb 2015) Except it backfired. That iPhone looks terrible, like a bad haircut lol posted on 23 Mar 2017, 11:02 9 Reply 9. joeytaylor (Posts: 738; Member since: 28 Feb 2015) What about the iphone7s...... why not campare it to that. posted on 24 Mar 2017, 01:10 0 Reply 64. Sharky (Posts: 241; Member since: 24 Jun 2008) Its just silly that they put out these stories. Where's the curved display iPhone that has been rumored to be coming out for years now? What makes PhoneArena think that a near bezelless iPhone is going to happen? posted on 23 Mar 2017, 10:49 7 Reply 7. talon95 (Posts: 679; Member since: 31 Jul 2012) The iPhone home screen looks so dated. (calling an app drawer a home screen is already so sad) And good luck getting bezels smaller than S8, that's highly unlikely considering bezels on the last 10 years of iPhones. I'd rather see what the Note 8 looks like beside the S8+ posted on 23 Mar 2017, 11:11 2 Reply 11. adecvat (Posts: 283; Member since: 15 Nov 2013) Yeah, touchwiz is superior! posted on 23 Mar 2017, 10:58 2 Reply 8. FReDcc (Posts: 68; Member since: 11 Jun 2015) If this is the next iPhone, I'm buying it. I liked iPhone's gentle curved edges more than Samsung's very curvy edges. posted on 23 Mar 2017, 11:28 7 Reply 21. trojan_horse (Posts: 3280; Member since: 06 May 2016) LMFAO.... Yeah, you fell for this iPhone 8 render which is clearly a Galaxy S8 imitation, but just modified to make iPhone 8's curved edges appear better than the Galaxy S8, which in turn, will make some would-be Galaxy S8 buyers reconsider getting the iPhone 8 over the S8.... And the trick has apparently already worked on you, as you've said :"If this is the next iPhone, I'm buying it. I liked iPhone's gentle curved edges more than Samsung's very curvy edges." SMH 1 2 3 Next » view all comments Want to comment? Please login or register. Show menu Home › News › What the Galaxy S8/S8+ and the LG G6 may look like next to an almost bezel-less iPhone 8 What the Galaxy S8/S8+ and the LG G6 may look like next to an almost bezel-less iPhone 8 Popular stories Last week Last 2 days Most commented   T-Mobile's low-key 20% discount for T-Mobile One expires a week from Friday   The Google Pixel does not exist   UBS: Sprint and T-Mobile merger is likely   Alleged Note 8 specs and schematics tip 6.4" 4K display, 6GB RAM, mysterious perforations 1 2 3 4 Recent Articles The beautiful Product Red iPhone 7 will silently make the world a better place. Here's how This is what the bezel-less iPhone 8 may look like: ultimate design concepts of the black and white models The LG G6's screen has a 5.7-inch diagonal, but that doesn't necessarily make it a large display 1 2 3 4 Hot Phones Apple iPhone 7 9.3 Review LG G6 8.7 Review Sony Xperia XZ Premium Samsung Galaxy S7 9 Review Apple iPhone 7 Plus 9.3 Review Huawei P10 7.5 Review Google Pixel XL 9 Review HTC 10 9 Review Latest stories   1 2 Interesting stories PRODUCT(RED) iPhone 7 with a black front These are the best Android apps in 2017 Ultimate iPhone 8 bezel-less design concept walkthrough Dual cameras explained: how do they work and what are the differences? Sony "Motion Eye" camera on the Xperia XZ Premium, explained MWC '17 booth tour: a gallery of faces and places New Nokia 3310 camera turns out better than Galaxy S7 camera: an unbiased comparison Moto G5 and G5 Plus hands-on: superb phones at unbelievable price Home Manufacturers Carriers News Reviews Discussions Videos PhoneArena network: CDN services by: Affiliates: Cell phone accessories, PubGalaxy About Us . Advertise . Contact Us . Database Licensing . Links . Jobs All content (phone reviews, news, specs, info), design and layouts are Copyright 2001-2017 phoneArena.com. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part or in any form or medium without written permission is prohibited! Privacy . Terms of use . Cookies . Team View mobile version  
Apple acquires automation app Workflow | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Apple releases iOS 10.3.2 beta to developers Rumor: Apple may add cellular capability… Urbanears launches new lineup of Wi-Fi Connected… Apple adds ability for developers respond… Report: 10.5” iPad Pro could still… Apple’s Pages, Numbers, and Keynote… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product AudioQuest NightOwl Carbon Headphones ExoLens PRO with Optics by ZEISS Wide-Angle… Blue Sadie Headphones Circle with Disney Parental Control and Internet… Pioneer Rayz Plus Lightning Connector Earphones BEEM United BeMe D200 Lightning Connector… FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors iClever BoostCube Dual Port USB Wall Charger GettaGrip Grip2u Boss for iPhone 7 and iPhone… Just Mobile Headstand Avant Gear4 Oxford Bookcase for iPhone 7 Plus Paracable Lightning Cables — Continuum,… Gear4 Buckingham for iPad mini 4 MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras IK Multimedia Fulltone Collection for AmpliTube Urban Armor Gear Plasma Series Case for MacBook… SmallCubed Mail Act-On Henge Docks Horizontal Docking Station SmallCubed SigPro Microsoft Office (Feb. 2017 update) HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Adjusting 3D Touch Sensitivity Changing iPhone volume using Siri Using your Apple Watch without your iPhone Using your iPhone as a Game Controller for… Sorting your Friends’ Apple Watch Activity Using your iPad as a Home Hub for HomeKit DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: Ztylus Stinger Car Charger Emergency… Daily Deal: Ztylus Kamerar Zoom Lens Kit… Daily Deal: ARMOR-X Magnetic Charging Cables Daily Deal: iFixit Essential Electronics… Daily Deal: PDF Expert 2.2 for Mac Daily Deal: iOS Online Courses, Lifetime… GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Apple acquires automation app Workflow By Jesse Hollington @jhollington ● 5 days ago Photo: TechCrunch Apple has acquired Workflow, a popular automation tool that allows users to tie together various apps on the iOS platform to create macro-like stored procedures, TechCrunch reports. While the financial terms of the deal are not yet available, the report suggests that it was a “solid payday” for the small team of developers. In the deal, Apple is not only acquiring the Workflow app, but also the team of Ari Weinstein, Conrad Kramer, and Ayaka Nonaka, and Nick Frey. Despite the acquisition, Apple will continue to offer the Workflow app on the App Store, making it now available for free. “We are thrilled to be joining Apple,” Weinstein said in a statement. “We’ve worked closely with Apple from the very beginning, from kickstarting our company as students attending WWDC to developing and launching Workflow and seeing its amazing success on the App Store. We can’t wait to take our work to the next level at Apple and contribute to products that touch people across the world.” Apple also confirmed the deal to TechCrunch, adding that “The Workflow app was selected for an Apple Design Award in 2015 because of its outstanding use of iOS accessibility features, in particular an outstanding implementation for VoiceOver with clearly labeled items, thoughtful hints, and drag/drop announcements, making the app usable and quickly accessible to those who are blind or low-vision.” Comments « Daily Deal: Ztylus Stinger Car Charger Emergency Tool Nintendo updates Super Mario Run, makes more courses available for free play » Related Stories Apple releases iOS 10.3.2 beta to developers Apple adds ability for developers respond to apps reviews, tweaks in-app rating prompt rules Apple’s Pages, Numbers, and Keynote apps gain Touch ID support, other improvements Apple releases tvOS 10.2 and Apple TV Remote for iPad Apple releases watchOS 3.2, featuring Theater Mode, SiriKit Apple releases iOS 10.3 with Find My AirPods, Siri + CarPlay improvements Subscribe to iLounge Weekly Recent News Apple releases iOS 10.3.2 beta to developers Rumor: Apple may add cellular capability to next Apple Watch, create USB-C/Lightning hybrid Urbanears launches new lineup of Wi-Fi Connected Speakers Apple adds ability for developers respond to apps reviews, tweaks in-app rating prompt rules Report: 10.5” iPad Pro could still arrive this spring Apple’s Pages, Numbers, and Keynote apps gain Touch ID support, other improvements Apple releases tvOS 10.2 and Apple TV Remote for iPad Apple releases watchOS 3.2, featuring Theater Mode, SiriKit Apple releases iOS 10.3 with Find My AirPods, Siri + CarPlay improvements Wells Fargo rolling out ability to use Apple Pay for transactions at some ATMs later this year Recent Reviews AudioQuest NightOwl Carbon Headphones ExoLens PRO with Optics by ZEISS Wide-Angle Lens Kit Blue Sadie Headphones Circle with Disney Parental Control and Internet Filtering System Pioneer Rayz Plus Lightning Connector Earphones BEEM United BeMe D200 Lightning Connector Earphones Jam Audio JAM Xterior Max Rugged Wireless Bluetooth Speaker HiFiMAN Edition S Headphones Divoom Timebox Mini Bluetooth Speaker iClever BoostSound BTS-09 Bluetooth Speaker Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Apple confirms iCloud and Apple ID systems have not been breached in response to hacker threat | iLounge News iLounge Search NEW NEWS Sort by Category Recent Comments RSS Feed Submit News/Tip Archives Apple releases iOS 10.3.2 beta to developers Rumor: Apple may add cellular capability… Urbanears launches new lineup of Wi-Fi Connected… Apple adds ability for developers respond… Report: 10.5” iPad Pro could still… Apple’s Pages, Numbers, and Keynote… REVIEWS + ACCESSORIES Recent Reviews Browse by Category iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories Apple Watch Accessories Speakers Headphones HomeKit Accessories Forum iLounge Books & Guides Submit a Product AudioQuest NightOwl Carbon Headphones ExoLens PRO with Optics by ZEISS Wide-Angle… Blue Sadie Headphones Circle with Disney Parental Control and Internet… Pioneer Rayz Plus Lightning Connector Earphones BEEM United BeMe D200 Lightning Connector… FEATURES Ask iLounge Best of the Year Awards Editorials Features Interviews Tutorials Reports Backstage Top Five: The Best Products for Building… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced… Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers… GEAR Apple Watch Bands Bags Batteries Car Mounts Fitness Screen Protectors iClever BoostCube Dual Port USB Wall Charger GettaGrip Grip2u Boss for iPhone 7 and iPhone… Just Mobile Headstand Avant Gear4 Oxford Bookcase for iPhone 7 Plus Paracable Lightning Cables — Continuum,… Gear4 Buckingham for iPad mini 4 MAC Macs Apps Cases Speakers Cameras Furniture Decor Mounts Extras IK Multimedia Fulltone Collection for AmpliTube Urban Armor Gear Plasma Series Case for MacBook… SmallCubed Mail Act-On Henge Docks Horizontal Docking Station SmallCubed SigPro Microsoft Office (Feb. 2017 update) HELP! Help! Links Forums Ask iLounge Tips Tutorials Apple Support Links FAQs iLounge Books & Guides Company Directory Adjusting 3D Touch Sensitivity Changing iPhone volume using Siri Using your Apple Watch without your iPhone Using your iPhone as a Game Controller for… Sorting your Friends’ Apple Watch Activity Using your iPad as a Home Hub for HomeKit DEALS iLounge Deals brings our readers exclusive deals on gadgets, iOS accessories, consumer tech software, e-learning, and more, with a wide range of products and new deals added daily. Daily Deal: Ztylus Stinger Car Charger Emergency… Daily Deal: Ztylus Kamerar Zoom Lens Kit… Daily Deal: ARMOR-X Magnetic Charging Cables Daily Deal: iFixit Essential Electronics… Daily Deal: PDF Expert 2.2 for Mac Daily Deal: iOS Online Courses, Lifetime… GALLERIES FORUMS iPod, iPhone & iPad Problems & Solutions Accessories iTunes & other software Filling Your Device Community Search Forums SHOP ABOUT US The Team Advertise Contact Us Submit App News Submit News News Apple confirms iCloud and Apple ID systems have not been breached in response to hacker threat By Jesse Hollington @jhollington ● 5 days ago Following yesterday’s report that a hacker group has been threatening to wipe hundreds of millions of iPhones if Apple does not pay them a ransom, Apple has unequivocally stated that there has been no breach of its systems. Although Apple neither confirmed nor denied the authenticity of the data the hackers claim to have, the company told Fortune that, if the list is legitimate, it was not obtained through any security breach at Apple, suggesting that the “alleged list of email addresses and passwords appears to have been obtained from previously compromised third-party services.” A person familiar with the contents of the stolen data indicated that many of the email accounts and passwords contained in the list matched data that had come from the 2012 security brach at LinkedIn, which exposed details for more than 100 million accounts. It is not uncommon for criminal hackers to reuse data from past breaches to further their scams, often simply counting on users to reuse passwords across multiple online services, and using journalists to advertise their claims in order to spread fear, uncertainty, and doubt, thereby attempting to force the hand of companies such as Apple to respond simply on the basis of public perception. While it’s unknown whether a mass remote wipe of iPhone data is feasible in this scenario, Apple appears to be on the case, with the spokesperson telling Fortune that the company is “actively monitoring to prevent unauthorized access to user accounts and are working with law enforcement to identify the criminals involved.” Apple of course also recommends that users always use strong and unique passwords, and turn on two-factor authentication — generally good security advice in any case, and practices that would help to at least mitigate these risks, if not eliminate them entirely. While the Apple rep didn’t elaborate on what specific steps Apple had taken to monitor this specific situation, they did note that such measures are “standard procedure” for the company at any time. Comments Yup, likewise. Of course, as with most "hacks" like this, there are still a lot of people who are vulnerable due to poor security practices. I definitely know people who reuse passwords and haven't changed them in a decade, so this at least makes for an opportunity to hopefully inspire those folks to start exercising more responsible security practices — hopefully not the hard way. Posted by Jesse Hollington on 2017-03-23 10:20:29 Not sure if anyone took this particular threat seriously. I've had 2FA on for awhile anyway... Posted by decafjava on 2017-03-23 10:00:07 « Nintendo updates Super Mario Run, makes more courses available for free play Daily Deal: Ztylus Kamerar Zoom Lens Kit for iPhone 7 Plus » Related Stories Apple releases iOS 10.3.2 beta to developers Apple adds ability for developers respond to apps reviews, tweaks in-app rating prompt rules Apple’s Pages, Numbers, and Keynote apps gain Touch ID support, other improvements Apple releases tvOS 10.2 and Apple TV Remote for iPad Apple releases watchOS 3.2, featuring Theater Mode, SiriKit Apple releases iOS 10.3 with Find My AirPods, Siri + CarPlay improvements Subscribe to iLounge Weekly Recent News Apple releases iOS 10.3.2 beta to developers Rumor: Apple may add cellular capability to next Apple Watch, create USB-C/Lightning hybrid Urbanears launches new lineup of Wi-Fi Connected Speakers Apple adds ability for developers respond to apps reviews, tweaks in-app rating prompt rules Report: 10.5” iPad Pro could still arrive this spring Apple’s Pages, Numbers, and Keynote apps gain Touch ID support, other improvements Apple releases tvOS 10.2 and Apple TV Remote for iPad Apple releases watchOS 3.2, featuring Theater Mode, SiriKit Apple releases iOS 10.3 with Find My AirPods, Siri + CarPlay improvements Wells Fargo rolling out ability to use Apple Pay for transactions at some ATMs later this year Recent Reviews AudioQuest NightOwl Carbon Headphones ExoLens PRO with Optics by ZEISS Wide-Angle Lens Kit Blue Sadie Headphones Circle with Disney Parental Control and Internet Filtering System Pioneer Rayz Plus Lightning Connector Earphones BEEM United BeMe D200 Lightning Connector Earphones Jam Audio JAM Xterior Max Rugged Wireless Bluetooth Speaker HiFiMAN Edition S Headphones Divoom Timebox Mini Bluetooth Speaker iClever BoostSound BTS-09 Bluetooth Speaker Recent Articles Top Five: The Best Products for Building a Smart Home with HomeKit Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of watchOS 3 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of tvOS 10 Instant Expert: Secrets & Features of iOS 10 Inside the betas: iOS 10 Photos gets Advanced Computer Vision Inside the betas: iOS 10 Music app delivers ‘clarity and simplicity’ Inside the betas: iOS 10 Maps gets a major redesign Inside the betas: iOS 10 shakes up the user experience Inside the betas: watchOS 3 promises a real speed boost Inside the betas: A sneak peek at what’s new in tvOS 10 Win Subscribe Buy ADVERTISE | CONTACT US Search Sign up for the iLounge Weekly Newsletter iLounge is an independent resource for all things iPod, iPhone, iPad, and beyond. iPod, iPhone, iPad, iTunes, Apple TV, Mac, and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc. iLounge is © 2001 - 2017 iLounge, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Apple tries to save the iPad, but it's too little, too late You know things are desperate when Apple starts cutting prices, but the latest iPad price cut might have come too late to save it. By Adrian Kingsley-Hughes for Hardware 2.0 | March 23, 2017 -- 15:41 GMT (08:41 PDT) | Topic: Tablets iPad sales are awful. Truly awful. And while CEO Tim Cook may be bullish about the tablet's future, Apple desperately needed to do something to try to turn sales around. Well, we now have a price cut. You know things are desperate when Apple starts cutting prices, but the latest iPad price cut might have come too late to save it. Must read: How to get your iPhone or iPad ready for iOS 10.3 Before we look at why the price cut has come too late, let's consider the reasons for the price cut. OK, there's the obvious fact that sales suck, but there's more to the poor sales that meets the eye. see also ​Apple defends iPad, tablet turf with price cut The core 9.7-inch iPad will now start at $329. Apple isn't shy about trying to convince tech buyers to upgrade. Read More First off, iOS 10 rendered some 40 percent of iPads that were in use obsolete. That's a huge number of devices blown away overnight, and it's the sort of thing that you might expect to be the catalyst for an upgrade cycle. But so far there's no sign of an upgrade cycle. Another problem that Apple is facing is that schools are increasingly abandoning the iPad and turning to Chromebooks, and I'm hearing that one of the major reasons for this is price (another reason I hear for the shift is the ease of managing Chromebooks). So, with sales drying out, Apple has turned to the thing it hates doing the most -- cutting prices. Unlike other consumer electronics manufacturers, Apple understood early on in the game that cutting prices was a one-way street, and once you cut a price, there's no going back. That means you don't do it until you have to. But Apple might have left it too late to save the iPad. Here's why. First off, this intervention comes late in the iPad's decline. iPad sales began showing signs of slowing back in late 2012 and early 2013, with the slide getting into full swing in 2014, and only now is Apple addressing one of the main reasons for the fall in sales -- price. Apple is now in a position where it has to try to resurrect a dying product by turning around a steep decline, whereas a few years ago it would have had the smaller task of reinvigorating soggy sales. And Apple has had to do this at a time when much of the buzz that once surrounded the iPad has fizzled away. Another problem facing the iPad is that since the release of the Plus version of the iPhone with the larger 5.5-inch display, there's less of a need for the iPad. You can even see the effect that the iPhone 6 Plus had on the iPad in the sales data. iPhone and iPad quarterly sales And on top of all this, Apple is trying to fix iPad sales while also keeping one eye on softening iPhone sales and while generating as much hype as possible for the $1,000+ tenth-anniversary iPhone. We will have to wait and see what effect -- if any -- Apple's iPad price cut will have, but with the current state of play, combined with all the factors listed above that are generating headwind, I for one am not holding out much hope for sustained recovery. iPhone 8: Here's what we know SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 10 NEXT PREV See also: iPhone 8 may not have the killer feature we've been hoping for Activate your iPhone's hidden magnifying glass feature Your next iPhone could easily cost over $1,000 Kingston's 2TB 'world's highest capacity USB flash drive' costs almost as much as a MacBook Pro Intel should be very worried about AMD's Ryzen 7 processors Did you know your iPhone doubles as a magnifying glass? Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Tablets Xplore XSLATE R12 review: A high-quality rugged Windows tablet, but beware battery life Reviews Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review: Finally, an Android tablet built with enterprise users in mind Innovation Could your iPhone replace your laptop? Apple toys with dockable phone that turns into PC Enterprise Software Windows 10 gets battle-hardened: US Army recruits 10,000 rugged tablets × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Apple Apps Apple just bought the app it once crowned 'most innovative' and made it free for everyone Biz Carson Business InsiderMarch 23, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share workflowMore (Workflow) If you can't beat it, buy it. That's what Apple did on Wednesday when it acquired an app called Workflow, an automation app that it had labeled "most innovative" in 2015.  Apple confirmed the acquisition to Business Insider on Wednesday but did not disclose the price or any other terms of the deal. Workflow takes a complicated series of tasks, that would normally require opening multiple apps, and lets users press one button to get the job done. For example, if you want to let someone know you're running late, you can use the "running late" workflow to automatically find your next calendar event, get the travel time, create a text and fire off a message.  It's so powerful that at the time, Business Insider's Alex Heath called it the "Swiss Army knife for completing tasks" and said it could potentially replace entire apps on your home screen. Workflow first caught the eye of Apple first in 2015, and now the company confirmed it acquired it on Wednesday. In a rare move, the company is keeping the app alive in the App Store and setting its price to free. It previously cost $2.99. As part of the deal, Workflow's creators — developers Ari Weinstein, Conrad Kramer, and Nick Frey — will be joining Apple, according to TechCrunch, which first reported the deal. "We are thrilled to be joining Apple," said Weinstein in a statement to TechCrunch. "We’ve worked closely with Apple from the very beginning, from kickstarting our company as students attending WWDC to developing and launching Workflow and seeing its amazing success on the App Store. We can’t wait to take our work to the next level at Apple and contribute to products that touch people across the world." Related Video: For more news videos visit Yahoo View, available now on iOS and Android. NOW WATCH: I switched from Mac to Windows and I'm never going back — here's why More From Business Insider Apple's newest app looks like a mix between Snapchat and iMovie Apple's new iPhone cases make me wish I had an iPhone 7 Here's everything Apple announced on Tuesday #apple-apps #apps #apple Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 review: The best Android tablet will cost you a lot Yahoo Tech India says no to most of Apple's demands Yahoo Tech Why Apple announced its new iPad with such little fanfare Yahoo Tech NASA just captured a photo of Jupiter that you won’t believe is real BGR News Did an astroid strike a Martian ocean and create a cataclysmic tsunami? BGR News There’s a compelling new reason to buy your iPhone from T-Mobile BGR News
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Sour Apple India says no to most of Apple's demands Manish Singh Mashable Tech•March 23, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Apple is not getting any special treatment from the Indian government.  Despite the company’s imminent plans to begin manufacturing iPhones in the country, the Indian government remains committed to not folding to the Cupertino giant’s demands.  SEE ALSO: Apple had its best year ever in world's fastest growing smartphone market When asked if the government has accepted the iPhone maker’s demands, commerce and industry minister Nirmala Sitharaman told Rajya Sabha (Council of States) that the ministry has said "no" to "most" of them. Apple has put up an "unprecedented" list of demands before the government. "Apple India has sought concessions, including duty exemptions on manufacturing and repair units, components, capital equipment including parts and consumables for smartphone manufacturing and service/repair for a period of 15 years," Sitharaman added. Apple sees big potential in India. The company’s CEO paid his maiden visit to the nation last year and expressed desires to bolster the company’s business in the country. Even though India remains one of the few places that has shown strong iPhone sales, there is no easy way for Apple to continue the momentum. For one, more than 50 percent of iPhones sold in the nation last year were iPhone 5s models. The four-year-old iPhone sells for under $300 in the country. Analysts say the company needs to lower the prices of the iPhone, which are higher in India due to domestic import laws. Apple's solution of sorts was to try to convince the Indian government to permit sales of refurbished iPhones — a proposal India was quick to discard.  Now Apple’s biggest bet at making iPhones affordable (and possibly to get India to say yes to refurbished iPhones) is if it could start manufacturing locally.  The Indian government offers various benefits to overseas companies to setup manufacturing plants in India as such efforts help in creation of new jobs and foster the development of cities and states.  Mashable was first to report about Apple’s plans to manufacture iPhone SE in India starting as early as April. It appears Apple will have to make do with the same usual incentives that other international brands get. WATCH: You can now take selfies... with your feet? #sour-apple #apple #iphones #india #iphone Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Pogue's Basics: Make hands-free speakerphone calls with Siri or Google Yahoo Tech NASA just captured a photo of Jupiter that you won’t believe is real BGR News Did an astroid strike a Martian ocean and create a cataclysmic tsunami? BGR News
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple hasn't paid any tax in New Zealand for at least 10 years despite logging billions of sales Apple has paid its New Zealand taxes to Australia since 2007 The firm says it has a special arrangement and that it is totally legal But tax experts say this is unusual as Australia's tax rate is 30% higher Last year Apple was named the biggest corporate tax avoider in the US after booking $218 billion (£175 billion) of profit offshore By Shivali Best For Mailonline Published: 11:32 EDT, 23 March 2017 | Updated: 13:45 EDT, 23 March 2017 e-mail 7 shares 17 View comments It is one of the biggest companies in the world, but it seems that Apple might have some answering to do when it comes to its taxes. The firm is under investigation following reports it has paid no tax for at least a decade in New Zealand. Instead, Apple appears to have paid about £21 million ($26 million) in taxes to Australia since 2007. Scroll down for video  Apple is under investigation following reports it paid no tax for at least a decade in New Zealand (stock image) WHY ISN'T APPLE PAYING TAX?  Apple's New Zealand parent company is registered in Australia. The firm says that two countries have an agreement where tax is only paid in Australia.  But some tax experts are questioning the unsual arrangement, given that Australia's corporate tax rate is 30 per cent higher than New Zealand's.  The issue was brought to attention by the New Zealand Herald newspaper. Apple's New Zealand parent company is registered in Australia, and the firm says that two countries have an agreement where tax is only paid in Australia. The firm said: 'Apple is the largest taxpayer in the world and we appreciate and respect the role taxes play as necessary and important in our society. 'We follow the law and pay tax on everything we earn, wherever we operate. 'Apple aims to be a force for good and we're proud of the contributions we've made in New Zealand over the past decade.' RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Intel creates computer memory that is 1,000 TIMES faster... Apple to open iPhone factory in India within two months in... Beware! Major flaws in millions of Google Nest security... Does Facebook want to read your thoughts? Secretive division... Share this article Share But some tax experts are questioning the unusual arrangement, given that Australia's corporate tax rate is 30 per cent higher than New Zealand's. Speaking to the New Zealand Hearld, James Shaw, co-leader of the New Zealand Green Party, said: 'It is absolutely extraordinary that they are able to get away with paying zero tax in this country. 'It looks like their tax department is even more innovative than their product designers.' Last year, Apple was named the biggest corporate tax avoider in the US after booking $218 billion (£175 billion) of profit offshore last year. Pictured is Tim Cook, CEO of Apple This isn't the first time that Apple has been under scrutiny for its tax practices. Last year, Apple was named the biggest corporate tax avoider in the US after booking $218 billion (£175 billion) of profit offshore. The firm was able to save $65.08 billion (£51.1 billion) that it should have paid in tax thanks to its convoluted arrangements. It is unclear how the New Zealand Herald plans to continue its investigation.  MailOnline has contacted Apple for comment.  Read more: Apple pays zero tax in NZ despite sales of $4.2 billion - Business - NZ Herald News Share or comment on this article e-mail 7 shares Most watched News videos Dead man is cut out of the stomach of a seven metre long PYTHON Monkman gets the better of Seagull in University Challenge semi-final Shocking moment a driver is punched through his car window Driver's hilarious attempt to squeeze car through tight gap Maid caught on camera appearing to be POSSESSED by evil spirits Mother films invasive TSA pat-down of her disabled teenage son Furious cyclist smashes driver's windscreen with his own bike Brazen man catches huge COBRA out of hole with his bare hands UNC's Luke Maye goes to his 8AM class after beating Kentucky Dad confronts policewoman who confiscated daffodils from daughters Shocking carer steals money out of dementia patient's handbag New ISIS video shows child soldiers hunting and killing prisoners Horrifying moment villagers cut open a giant python and... Make it so! Calls for Sir Patrick Stewart to appear on... Hedge fund executive, 56, who invested billions with... The battery farm calves: Shocking photos show young... Surrogate slave: Florida woman, 47, paid for young woman... Mother films 'horrifying' pat-down of her disabled... 'The lioness who inspired us all': Lawyers pay tribute to... Three teenage burglars are shot dead by homeowner's son,... KATIE HOPKINS: WhatsApp? What's up is the great... Furious white van passenger repeatedly punches a driver... Sturgeon throws down the gauntlet: Scottish Parliament... Has George Michael been buried under cover of darkness?... ‘Ali v Foreman, but with jumpers on’: Cambridge whizz... Three nursery nurses 'cruelly force-fed toddlers in their... Woman discovers chilling footage appearing to show her... Fortress Britain: Police install new anti-terror barriers... One was relaxed, every inch a stateswoman while her... 'The judge WAS right': Teenage rape victim who was... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 17 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Inside a Soviet rocket graveyard: Haunting images reveal how boosters that once helped launch a spaceplane... A devastating mega tsunami could hit tourists hotspots in Spain and Portugal at ANY TIME killing thousands,... Unpiloted, amphibious cargo drones the size of Boeing 777s could take to the skies by 2020 Is this a member of Indonesia's lost pygmy tribe? Mysterious small figure is caught on camera scurrying out... Would YOU let a robot crawl through your intestines? Worm-like machine could be miniaturised to help doctors... Fancy a sand castle? Saturn's largest moon Titan has electric SAND that can stick together for weeks Sex may have evolved as a way to fight DISEASE: Offspring carry beneficial mutations that allow them to... 'Doomsday Library' opens in Norway where the world's most precious BOOKS will be stored in digital form to... More DEADLY heat is on its way: Study finds extreme heat events will soon affect 350 million people even if... Is this the end of the F-15 fighter jet? US Air Force considers retiring the 'king of the skies' in a bid to... Blood-sucking flies could act as 'flying syringes' to detect diseases in animals before they spread to... Children have a stable home environment and perform better at school if their biological father lives with... Amazon tests grocery service in Seattle that will have orders ready for pickup in just 15 minutes Incredible images of wild tigers wandering deep in the Thai jungle spark hope for the endangered species Credit card details and passwords of MILLIONS of users have been leaked online by Microsoft's Docs.com MORE HEADLINES That really IS a high rise: Sci-fi plan to hang a wandering skyscraper from asteroid orbiting Earth is unveiled Revealed: Google Chrome has a secret tongue-in-cheek message for heavy porn users A devastating mega tsunami could hit tourists hotspots in Spain and Portugal at ANY TIME killing thousands, warn scientists Update your iPhone now! iOS 10.3 instantly helps free up storage space on your handset Inside a Soviet rocket graveyard: Haunting images reveal how boosters that once helped launch a spaceplane have been abandoned for two decades Why teenagers have no excuse for staying in bed: Youngsters would wake more easily if they spent time outside and stopped using screens at night  Men who regularly watch pornography are less happy in their relationships, study finds Autism was key to human evolution, new study claims  Is this the end of the F-15 fighter jet? US Air Force considers retiring the 'king of the skies' in a bid to cut costs The 'magic carpet' software that helps fighter jet pilots make a perfect landing on a warship in ANY conditions The satellite system that could avoid another MH370: Radical scheme to track aircraft wherever they are to be fully operational in 2018 'Doomsday Library' opens in Norway where the world's most precious BOOKS will be stored in digital form to protect them from the apocalypse Monster millipede is found... in Wales: New species is discovered underneath a pile of stone in a Welsh coal mine by scientists  Unpiloted, amphibious cargo drones the size of Boeing 777s could take to the skies by 2020 Credit card details and passwords of MILLIONS of users have been leaked online by Microsoft's Docs.com MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today EXCLUSIVE: 'Sexual abuse became part of the fabric of my soul.' Author of book and Octavia Spencer film The Shack tells of his horrific childhood Renovation Ivanka: How the First Daughter and Jared have transformed their DC home with a mixture of top designers and  day-to-day brands She's a real work of art! Kate wows in a forest green lace dress by Temperley for a glittering gala at the National Portrait Gallery in London 'I would go to sleep crying': Michelle Pfeiffer, 58, talks playing Al Pacino's cocaine-addicted trophy wife in Scarface as she poses for Interview magazine 'Hanging out like best buds': Kendall Jenner is a dream in green as she spends the day shopping with Paris Jackson at a flea market in LA Discover Los Angeles for FREE: Our guide to experiencing the city without spending a cent All you need is the right know-how SPONSORED 'I feel gross!' My Big Fat Fabulous Life star Whitney Thore can't believe her ears after discovering the man she's dating is her COUSIN Someone's ready for spring! Malia Obama bares her legs in mini dress as she heads into work She braved NYC temperatures in the 40s  Just admiring the view! Kristin Cavallari posts nude photo of husband Jay Cutler gazing out at the Caribbean water while on romantic trip to Mexico Back to business! Bethenny Frankel slips into flattering LBD for night out in NYC after posing up a storm in a bikini on Mexican getaway Pitch Perfect fans claim Rebel Wilson is being body-shamed after photo shows her wearing a short-sleeve tee while co-stars pose in skin-baring halters  'I wanted to physically harm myself': WWE star Paige reveals pain she suffered after sex tape leaked... as fiance announces their wedding date 'I greet him with a Versace towel and water in a Versace glass': Kim Kardashian reveals she pampers Kanye West after his concerts Think you know LA? Think again! From Sunken City to a pizzeria that makes women go into labor, the sights you won't find in a guidebook SPONSORED 'The workouts pay off!': Nicole Murphy, 49, flashes her abs in Instagram image after being spotted at West Hollywood gym Mom-of-five looks good Val Kilmer claps back at critics who called him 'creepy' and 'obsessive' for revealing his longtime crush on Cate Blanchett in a series of tweets Morning perk! Braless Jenna Dewan Tatum flashes her chest in sheer black top as she exits coffee shop in LA The Step Up star wore a casual outfit  Flirty at the fairground: Kim Zolciak's daughter Brielle Biermann kisses boyfriend Michael Kopech while posing for playful shoot Romantic day out 'I would never play a person of a different race!': Scarlett Johansson answers critics who say her role in Ghost In The Shell is a 'whitewash' Emma Thompson blasts Hollywood's 'terrible' anorexia problem (and reveals she once threatened to QUIT film after co-star was told to lose weight)  Out and a pout: Rumer Willis flashes big smile with plumped up lips while promoting new Empire role  She has transformed her look in recent months Just in time for Easter: Reese Witherspoon cuddles up to a bunny as she models new dress from her Draper James clothing line Always busy mom Rooney Mara appears topless as a grieving widow in new trailer for A Ghost Story with Casey Affleck Movie got rave reviews at Sundance festival Shameless star Emmy Rossum's 'house robbed of $150k worth of jewelry after she left combinations written down near home safes' Broken back door  Mariah Carey relaxes in a robe on her 47th birthday while enjoying luxury beach trip with toyboy Bryan Tanaka Chilled out in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico Legs for days! Katie Holmes shows off her dancer legs as she models a denim miniskirt under her oversized coat in chilly New York City Leonardo DiCaprio and Nina Agdal join Orlando Bloom on board a boat during St Barts vacation as they celebrate the swimsuit model's 25th birthday 'I knew he was struggling': Prince's ex-wife Mayte speaks out about the pop icon's devastating addiction, secret overdoses and drug stashes Effortlessly sophisticated! Kate Hudson steps out in suede ankle boots and pinstripe pants...after packing on the PDA with Danny Fujikawa 'I fell in love': Alec Baldwin recalls the moment he asked if 30 Rock co-star Tina Fey was single... and reveals he almost passed on SNL Trump gig She Did It Again! Shakira dazzles in lace and leather for children's charity launch in Barcelona... after winning an award for her philanthropic efforts What's the buzz Rusty? Russell Crowe channels Romper Stomper character with new crew cut as he works on his fitness with a park kick about Braless Cara Delevingne ditches her trademark hoodie and trainers for vampish glam as she flashes endless legs in PVC mini at Cinemacon event Sophie Taylor, the Australian model pictured with Prince William on his ski holiday, hopes the attention 'relaunches her modelling career' Another day, another bikini! Victoria's Secret Angel Martha Hunt stuns in green two-piece on Miami vacation The 27-year-old flaunted her incredible body All made up... for takeout! Chrissy Teigen looks chic in straw hat, striped blouse and torn jeans to pick up food at hot spot Madeo in West Hollywood There's the money shot! Malin Akerman and onscreen husband Damian Lewis strip off for raunchy sex scene during their new drama Billions  'My girl met my girl!' Hoda Kotb shares photo of Today co-host Kathie Lee Gifford cuddling adopted newborn tot Haley Joy during the pair's first meeting 'It could happen': Nick Jonas sounds hopeful about co-starring with pal Jennifer Lopez in the NBC live musical revival of Bye Bye Birdie Big show in works Drake abruptly cancels Amsterdam concert at last moment due to 'extreme food poisoning after eating bad sushi'... as fans vent frustration on Twitter 'This isn't the last you've seen of me': Maksim Chmerkovskiy vows to return to DWTS alongside Heather Morris after calf injury keeps him on sidelines Make-up free Liv Tyler cuts a chic figure in specs and skintight leggings as she enjoys a shopping spree in London with fiance Dave Gardner 'We all float down here': Teaser trailer and poster for Stephen King's IT heads down to the sewer with evil clown Pennywise 'I miss LA': Karrueche Tran longs for home as she shares makeup-free selfie in New Orleans... after showing off her fit physique during workout session Daddy's little Idol! Eric Cowell is the spitting image of father Simon as he joins glam mom Lauren Silverman for a spot of fine dining in Malibu David Beckham as you've never seen him before! Unrecognizable hunk sports gruesome rotting teeth and huge scar on his face on set of new King Arthur flick Girls who code: Ivanka reveals she will take computer language class with her daughter, Arabella, 5, as she addresses Air and Space Museum  There she blows! Kyra Sedgwick has a Marilyn Monroe moment as a gust of wind lifts up her skirt during outing with husband Kevin Bacon Wind beneath her skirt 'Namaste': Lindsay Lohan shows off her cleavage in a plunging black swimsuit as she embraces her inner zen in Thailand Visiting Phuket Pillow talk! Demi Lovato and Jimmy Fallon make out with cushions as they play teenage besties in hilarious new Ew! segment  Pamela Anderson offers to take Prime Minister of Ireland out for a pint of Guinness if he supports banning the use of wild animals in circuses John Legend looks typically cool in a statement leather jacket as he arrives for radio interview in Paris He'll be on tour in Europe in the fall Her body is still Bootylicious! Kelly Rowland shows off her STUNNING physique in one-piece swimsuit during day at the beach with son Titan, 2 'He's just the best guy': Ryan Gosling raves about co-star Harrison Ford while promoting Blade Runner sequel at CinemaCon  He was a little starstruck Ellie Goulding cozies up to rumored beau Caspar Jopling as they enjoy a romantic stroll in NYC... following her fling with the Beckhams' bodyguard Bobby Rich My how you've grown! Nicole Kidman's daughters Sunday and Faith are spitting image of their famous mom as they stroll through Sydney Airport  What's Eating Gilbert Grape star Darlene Cates, who played Leonardo DiCaprio and Johnny Depp's mother in hit movie, dies at age 69 Bikini babe! Cara Santana flashes hint of cleavage and rock hard abs as she flaunts her bod in sexy Instagram snap Actress gave closeup  A new royal military man! Handsome Crown Prince Hussein of Jordan follows in William and Harry's footsteps by enrolling at Sandhurst  Secret admirers? Kendall Jenner and her pal Cara Delevingne hold red roses as they party the night away in LA with their model buddy Lily Donaldson 'We will miss you': Katy Perry changes Twitter handle and pays tribute to 18-year-old fan who died in car accident The 32-year-old singer wrote touching message Rihanna strips off as Bates Motel FINALLY reveals its iconic Psycho shower scene... after singer confessed she can't bear to watch her raunchy moments Is the Fresh Prince going back to Bel-Air? Internet goes into meltdown as cast of 90s show reunites... raising fans' hopes of a new series Bar Refaeli reveals she's pregnant with second child as she shows off baby bump... eight months after welcoming daughter Liv with husband Adi Ezra 'I want you to be better': New trailer for Spider-Man: Homecoming shows Peter Parker being mentored by Tony Stark as they take on Vulture Start and end! Katie Maloney and Tom Schwartz get married as Scheana Marie plans for divorce on Vanderpump Rules Joy and heartbreak  'RIP beautiful princess': Tributes pour in for Zayn Malik's cousin Arshiya after she dies aged five following battle with brain tumor One Direction star Kate's Brexit tour continues! Duchess of Cambridge to visit Luxembourg with Prince William in May as royals stage European charm offensive Crown Princess Mary gives Queen Mathilde a sightseeing tour as they take boat trip with their husbands on day one of the Belgian royals' state visit to Denmark Justin Bieber faces being ARRESTED in Brazil four years after allegedly spray painting graffiti on wall of $28m hotel Happened in 2013 What a year it's been! Ivanka Trump shares adorable photos of her sharing spaghetti with baby Theodore as he turns one  Another milestone  Camera shy Demi Moore keeps it casual as she heads home with daughter Scout, 25, after a family dinner date at Mastro's Steakhouse in Beverly Hills Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, looks in good spirits during grocery shop run... as she moves on from nude photo leak drama Billie Lourd and Taylor Lautner look smitten in poppy field... as it's revealed she isn't looking after her late mother Carrie Fisher's beloved French bulldog Kendall Jenner cruises around the sunny streets of LA in her eye-catching purple convertible Cadillac Joined by rapper Yoni Laham and other friends Bella Thorne tells fans she 'hates' being single before sharing saucy Snapchats from a night out with friends Wild child is known for her active love life 'She was denying and crying': Kim Kardashian was with Paris Hilton when sex tape leaked.. but allegedly 'calmed down' when talk turned to money Off-duty beauty: Make-up free model Kate Moss, 43, keeps it casual in a khaki jacket and skinny jeans as she leaves a photo shoot in London 'Go with Guy Fieri here': Blake Shelton continues to mock show rival Adam Levine's blonde hair on The Voice Cooking up some competition Devon Windsor shows off her killer legs in tiny Daisy Dukes for photo shoot in Miami Showed why she is a top Victoria's Secret supermodel She's got that magic hour glow! Margot Robbie enjoys wedded bliss on a tropical beach with a chilled flute of champagne in hand at sunset 'Stop and frisky': Erika Jayne plays naughty motorist with Gleb Savchenko as officer on Dancing With The Stars Comedian Chris Kattan was eliminated 'I think everything I do is terrible': Lorde shows off her quirky style in plunging Bardot ensemble... as she reveals her self deprecating side Heath Ledger's 'blood-stained' shirt from Brokeback Mountain and James Bond's tuxedo go on sale in auction of Hollywood memorabilia  So it's on? Bachelorette alum Luke Pell cozies up to Danielle Lombard at event...after revealing they've been 'hanging out' 'I'm not commenting on it at all': Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans refuses to address new co-star Briana DeJesus after 2014 Twitter feud Dissent in the ranks Nicole Kidman says  Keith Urban was shocked at her 'massive bruises' caused by physical Big Little Lies love scenes with Alexander Skarsgard  'Is that a prosthetic?': Big Little Lies fans react excitedly on Twitter after Alexander Skarsgard appears to go full-frontal One very revealing role She likes a man in the kitchen! Scarlett Johansson reveals her two celebrity crushes are Gordon Ramsay and Anthony Bourdain Recently filed for divorce 'I saw the pain in my eyes': Dynasty star Linda Evans admits that she shocked by online leak of 'disturbing' 2014 DUI arrest footage Soap star spoke out Brooding boy! Hollywood hunk Brenton Thwaites rocks long locks in pensive photo-shoot, revealing his idol is fellow Australian Hugh Jackman Jessica Chastain strikes a sultry pose in cleavage-baring Alexander McQueen dress at the premiere of The Zookeeper's Wife Never fails to impress Hotting up! Lily James shows off flat stomach as she peels off turtle neck sweater while enjoying stroll in sunshine with boyfriend Matt Smith Michael Jackson's business partners lose their bid to grab a share of his assets after judge rejects claim the star promised them a stake in his company  Jailbird Apollo Nida 'on the hunt for millions' after judge nullifies divorce from Real Housewives' Phaedra Parks Still legally married  Kendall Jenner stuns in belted silk jacket (and not much else) as she poses with Lily Donaldson at Valerian teaser screening Standing out   Field of dreams for sale! Kevin Costner lists his sprawling Montecito property for $60million Sprawling property extends over a majestic 10 acres She's a real team player! Queen Letizia of Spain is presented with a basketball jersey emblazoned with her name as she meets young athletes in Madrid Making them green with envy! Julianne Hough dazzles on the red carpet in plunging emerald gown for Dancing With The Stars Showstopper  Burt Bacharach is being sued by a dog sitter who claims his Portuguese Water Dog bit off two of his fingers, requiring a skin graft from his groin  New dad Liam Payne, 23, cracks a joke about being on diaper duty after welcoming son... as girlfriend Cheryl, 33, 'hatches plan to conquer the mommy market' 'I had a $28,000 hotel bill': Cher claims the REAL reason she finally agreed to appear on David Letterman's show was for the paycheck Legendary feud 'I dream of genie': Khloe shows off her svelte figure and trim waist in a plunging white jumpsuit... after revealing she used to be 'shamed' for her curves Greased Lightning strikes twice! John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John set to return as Sandy and Danny to mark 40 year anniversary of original Flex appeal! A muscular Justin Theroux shows off his ripped arms in edgy punk shirt as he leaves the gym in West Hollywood Starry eyed! Queen Maxima opts for a heavily-embellished coat for another day of engagements with her glamorous guest, Argentina's First Lady Christian Siriano designed custom two piece 'fairy tale' bridal look for OITNB star Samira Wiley...after she 'spent years in an orange jumpsuit'  'Never let go': Sofia Richie, 18, gets SEVENTH tattoo with a personal motto inked on her wrist What's she holding on to?  Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson shows off his huge biceps in leather jacket as he promotes Jumanji reboot Certainly knows how to rock a jacket Grizzled Casey Affleck is joined by screen daughter Anna Pniowsky as they shoot scenes for new drama Light Of My Life on Vancouver Island Happy Birthday Mommy! Fergie celebrates turning 42 with sung greetings from husband Josh Duhamel and their son Axl A sheer winner! Tyra Banks wears see-through lace pantsuit as she gears up for her new role as host of America's Got Talent Looked glamorous 'It looks dope': Prince Jackson shows off massive armor inspired tattoo on his chest after months of work The 20-year-old took video of his huge inking Double trouble! Heidi Klum shows off her long legs in purple mini as Mel B glitters in low-cut jumpsuit at America's Got Talent event Who's judging? Meg Ryan bundles up as she has a girls' day out in NYC with daughter Daisy The 55-year-old actress kept off the chill Louis Tomlinson looks in high spirits while posing for selfies with fans in Miami... as he is set to appear in court over airport brawl at LAX Mel B shimmers in plunging metallic jumpsuit she makes her first public appearance since filing for divorce from Stephen Belafonte at AGT launch Has George Michael been buried under cover of darkness? Photo posted by boyfriend Fadi Fawaz sparks flurry of internet speculation Died on Christmas Day Romeo Beckham, 14, shares a sweet moment with little sister Harper, five, as he gushes about their close relationship in family Instagram snaps  Glee vet Matthew Morrison 'will guest star on season 13 of Grey's Anatomy' as Dr Paul Stadler New role for hunky actor Heaven sent! Victoria's Secret Angel Jasmine Tookes stuns in a backless off-shoulder top and flares as she enjoys dinner date Maria Sharapova wears ice pack on her ankle as she returns from tennis practice ahead of comeback from drugs ban Ready for return Mommy and me! Charlize Theron shares a playful moment with her daughter August... returning home after a whirlwind week in Asia Quality time  Out of this world! Cara Delevingne shows off her long legs in futuristic outfit at screening for her sci-fi movie Valerian Back to the future  A dog's life! Selma Blair takes her pooch Ducky for a day of pampering at the salon in Los Angeles The 44-year-old enjoyed a pamper session Seeing Angels! Victoria's Secret models Taylor Hill and Romee Strijd have lunch together in Hollywood The two showed off their toned stomachs SPOILER ALERT: Katie Cassidy returns to Arrow... as a different character than the one she started out playing Will return for two episodes Beautiful in blue! Debra Messing, 48, wows in body hugging navy gown with plunging neckline to receive honors at New York gala   Step aside, mom and dad! Jude Law and Sadie Frost's model daughter Iris, 16, stuns in her second make-up campaign for Burberry Essentials Together again! Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin arrive in style at chat show to promote new season of Netflix series Arriving in style  Hell for leather! Rosario Dawson and Krysten Ritter dress in biker jackets as they film scenes for Marvel's The Defenders Matching outfits Blushing bridesmaid! Rachel Bilson stuns in dramatic blush-colored gown for a friend's wedding Actress' low cut gown stole the show 'I always dream of having another child, but I'm too old now': Nicole Kidman, 49, admits her desire to have another baby... but husband Keith Urban has told her 'no' Make it so! Calls for Patrick Stewart to appear on SNL as Kellyanne Conway as old pictures of him in drag resurface looking like Trump's counselor  Mel B's brother-in-law claims Stephen Belafonte would get jealous in the couple's 'fun loose open kind of relationship' as he speaks about their split Busy mommy! Blake Lively looks chic in newsboy cap as she rushes into cab... after Ryan Reynolds reveals he 'doesn't mind' her kissing other actors Clem Curtis, the original lead singer of The Foundations, has died age 76 following a battle with cancer Hits such as Baby I've Got You All grown up! Eminem's 21-year-old daughter Hailie Scott stuns in new Instagram photos... as it's revealed she's a normal college student in Michigan Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa is spotted jogging in California after she revealed she has to run three miles a day to deal with stress of divorce 'I was in a lot of pain after those really violent scenes': Nicole Kidman reveals being hit by Alexander Skarsgard during Big Little Lies took a toll EXCLUSIVE: Megyn Kelly and husband Douglas Brunt enjoy fun in the sun with their three kids on Hawaiian vacation before start of new $15m NBC job New dad Liam Payne, 23, returns to Twitter on behalf of girlfriend Cheryl, 33, to thank everyone for their 'love and support' after arrival of first child Will and graceful lady! Drew Barrymore's ex husband Kopelman dines out with mystery woman in LA He is footloose and fancy free once more First look at the new Lara Croft: Alicia Vikander takes over from Angelina Jolie in Tomb Raider remake as new photos and plot details emerge  Wet hair, don't care! Nicole Kidman arrives at mom Janelle's house with Keith Urban sporting damp tresses... before leaving with her signature curls  'My body looks like Frankenstein': Mama June 'hates' major skin removal surgery and cancels second round of procedures in From Not To Hot Showing support! Laura Prepon accentuates baby bump in stripes at Netflix event with fiance Ben Foster Actress accentuated her baby bump in stripes DWTS feud? Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Erika Girardi calls out head judge Len Goodman after he rates her dance routine 'raunchy' EXCLUSIVE: Real Housewives star Alexia Echevarria faces foreclosure over unpaid mortgage payments, days after legal battle with stepsons Beware a clown with a red balloon! New creepy images from Stephen King's IT released and Pennywise is more sinister than ever Chilling new version  Shabby Chanel chic for Kiera: Actress pairs jacket with Dr Martens on visit to east London cafe with her husband  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE 'Wish I was that horse!' Actress Elsa Pataky posts hilarious snap of husband Chris Hemsworth cuddling up to a horse Thor star   Chip off the old block! Mike Comrie plays indoor hockey with son Luca as Hilary Duff films family fun for Snapchat Seems to be passing on his enthusiasm She lives in bathing suits! Joanna Krupa shows off her stunning model figure during a getaway to St Lucia The 37-year-old reality star went for a swing Kim Kardashian dons tiny cropped top which showcases her rock hard abs in seductive Instagram snap The 36-year-old shared an alluring photo  Katie Holmes looks stylish as she steps out in New York's Soho district dressed in a button-up coat and cat-eye glasses Shopping day in NYC  'My hero, my mentor': Shannen Doherty pays touching tribute to her late father to commemorate his birthday He passed in 2009 Monday optional! Lea Michele beats of the start-of-the-week blues as she runs errands make-up free Wore a sleeveless tank bemoaning the day  'What am I doing?': Nikolaj Coster-Waldau nearly spoils huge plot twist about Cersei in upcoming season of Game Of Thrones Avoided huge spoiler  Daring Dakota! Ms Johnson wears a Flaming Lips T-shirt with image of topless woman during solo shopping spree in West Hollywood Fifty Shades Darker star Fuller House star Jodie Sweetin's ex-fiance Justin Hodak 'arrested for violating restraining order against her' He has to stay away from the comedy star   Duke of Edinburgh retires the beloved black cab he took delivery of in 1999 that let him drive round the city London unnoticed Prince Philip, 95 EXCLUSIVE: Beyonce's dad is sued for $50,000 after 'refusing to pay a legal bill and hiding profits he made auctioning off Destiny's Child memorabilia 'Saltwater hair': Kristin Cavallari bares her cleavage in string bikini during trip to Mexico after moving out of Illinois with husband Jay Cutler Billie Lourd chooses NOT to attend public memorial for mom Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds as she had dinner with dad instead Would you pay $3M for Dracula's haunted mansion? Bela Lugosi's 1930s Hollywood home goes on the market - but some think his ghost still haunts it 'They are now safe': Ed Sheeran rescues abused Liberian street boys he met while filming emotional report for TV show  Singer's incredible act His life is one big musical! Pharrell Williams' story will be transformed into song for the big screen  Based on growing up in Virginia Beach Getting close in Cancun! Supergirl star Melissa Benoist shows off her slender frame as she vacations with co-star Chris Wood Hit the beach in Mexico I'm still fierce! Tyra Banks poses for impromptu shoot after lunch stop in New Orleans ahead of her return to America's Next Top Model Busy boss! Kris Jenner is seen leaving studio in all black ensemble as talk of two new Kardashian shows are in the works Family matriarch 'They treat women like dirt': Abby Lee Miller announces she's quit Dance Moms after being 'manipulated and disrespected' by show producers As celebrities like Janelle Monae and Zendaya don pearl accessories, FEMAIL curates the best contemporary designs featuring the  treasures Lucky Leo! DiCaprio's supermodel girlfriend Nina Agdal sends temperatures soaring as she slips into an array of swimsuits for sizzling campaign Jennifer Garner looks in good spirits on coffee run after VERY friendly church visit with ex Ben Affleck  The pair sparked reconciliation rumors  'No big deal!': Kaley Cuoco enjoys beer in plunging top with boyfriend Karl Cook on day trip to Florida for Winter Equestrian Festival Lily Allen wryly smiles as she channels nineties chic in vintage woolly jumper following romantic night out with beau MC Meridian Dan in London Something's brewing! Samuel L. Jackson and Oscar Isaac team up as they film dramatic scene for Life Itself in New York Star-studded drama Beauty and the best: Ashley Graham's fierce cat eye and Kim Kardashian's BOBBY PIN headband top our favorite weekend hair and make-up looks America's Next Top Model finalist is shot in Houston apartment shooting that left two dead Brandy Rusher was on season four of show Gwyneth Paltrow proves her unusual health routines get results as the 44-year-old shows off natural beauty in Barcelona Abs-olutely amazing: Vanessa Hudgens bares her seriously sexy midriff in workout gear leaving a gym in Los Angeles Serious about her health She's got chemistry! Make-up free Lily Collins proves she has effortless beauty down to a science during trip to gym Had on a statement top  It's a girl! Supernatural's Jared Padalecki and wife Genevieve Cortese welcome daughter Odette Elliott They also have two sons Jerry Hall, 60, shows off her gorgeous figure in slinky lace gown as she cozies up to husband Rupert Murdoch, 86, at English National Opera gala Laundry day! Casey Affleck totes his huge bag of dirty clothes around Vancouver with girlfriend Floriana one month after winning an Oscar How to Rock'It Man: Laidback James Corden favors off-duty Elton John's favorite tracksuit and kooky specs look at Late Late Show filming Love in the air? Katy Perry, 32, and Ryan Phillippe, 42, 'totally flirting' at Elton John's 70th birthday bash He was married to Reese Witherspoon Orange Is the New Black star's wedding photo whips Twitter into a frenzy after someone comments that the lesbian couple is 'BFF Goals' Going glam! Christina El Moussa drops her girl-next-door look to show off cleavage in sizzling gown after denying she's dating Nate Thompson 'He likes what I like: cars, women, jewelry': Kylie Jenner's boyfriend Tyga on raising his 'spoiled' four-year-old son King Cairo Rapper talks parenting Leggy Lorde looks sophisticated in a kooky pinstripe dress as she delights fans in London with radio appearance Lorde looked stunning in a short black dress and kooky lace-up heels 'They treated the dolphins amazing!': Jana Kramer defends decision to take daughter to Discovery Cove after fans slam her for visiting the park Sarah Paulson may play Princess Diana on the next season of Feud which will focus on the royal's tempestuous relationship with Prince Charles They won't get a ratings boost from Yeezy! Kanye West is 'NOT in talks to join Ryan Seacrest's revamped American Idol'   From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Did George III have MANIA? Computer analysis of the 'Mad King's' letters suggests he suffered from acute mental illness  29 comments SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple What’s next for Apple Music and Beats 1: Original content, revamped apps, more Beats, live events & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: A spring iPad event now seems unlikely, but that 10.5-inch iPad is probably still real Trending in Apple Opinion: The new low-cost iPad is further evidence of a new approach to Apple’s pricing Trending in Apple What’s next for Siri: Apple’s advantage for its Echo/Google Home competitor Trending in Apple Comment: I’m wondering whether even Apple could pull off smart glasses we’d actually want to wear Trending in Apple Roundup: Here’s everything we currently know about the new iPads coming this year March 23 AAPL: 140.92 -0.50 Opinion: A spring iPad event now seems unlikely, but that 10.5-inch iPad is probably still real Ben Lovejoy - Mar. 23rd 2017 7:47 am PT @benlovejoy Feature iPad Opinion iPhone 8 The reality won't be quite as bezel-free as this concept image ... View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit A spring iPad event this year has so far been taken almost as established fact. Apple has held one annually in recent years, and we’ve heard multiple reports about what to expect this year – one of them even suggesting a specific date. The flagship product expected to be announced at the event was a new 10.5-inch iPad with a micro-bezel design that would allow it to have the same external dimensions as the current 9.7-inch iPad Pro. But recent events suggest to me that, while the 10.5-inch iPad is probably real, it’s unlikely it will be announced at a spring event. Instead, it’s more likely to be at WWDC – or even later … Anker braided Lightning cables The evidence for the 10.5-inch iPad is relatively thin, but still pretty persuasive, I think. The original source for it was KGI’s Ming-Chi Kuo, back in August of last year. Kuo doesn’t have a flawless track record, but he is right more often than he is wrong – especially when looking at the ‘what’ rather than the ‘when.’ Kuo’s report said we should expect three new iPads this year: a low-cost 9.7-inch iPad, a new version of the 12.9-inch iPad Pro and the new 10.5-inch model. He was this week proven absolutely right about the low-cost 9.7-inch model – and it’s not like that was an obvious thing to predict. Apple has historically used older models as its entry-point, rather than making something new – though the iPhone SE did give some indication of a possible new direction. We haven’t yet seen the 12.9-inch refresh, but I’d say that one’s a no-brainer. It’s a high-profile product in the iPad line-up, and is due an update. So with one proven prediction, and another extremely likely one, I’d say the third one – the 10.5-inch model – is a strong bet. The question then becomes when Apple will announce it. Will it be next month, or later in the year? And if later, when? My colleague Benjamin Mayo put forward one reason a spring event now seems unlikely, and gathered agreement from a notable source. @bzamayo Yeah, I would definitely bet against April product event. Clips would have been a great on stage demo too. — John Gruber (@gruber) March 21, 2017 The red iPhone may not be that exciting for techies, but even among 9to5Mac readers it was seen as the most interesting of this week’s announcements. For a mass-market audience, a new iPhone color is a pretty big deal, and it would also have given Apple the chance to talk on stage about the importance of the work being done by (RED). Similarly with the low-cost iPad. Sure, it’s just a slight variation on the iPad Air 2 – a little worse in some ways, a little better in others. Certainly unexciting from a tech perspective. But again, the fact that Apple is making the iPad more accessible to more people is event-worthy material. Then there’s the fact that it simply doesn’t make sense to be launching two new iPads in quick succession, and to announce one in a press release, the other at an event. If Apple was launching a new iPad next month, it would surely have held back the low-cost model to announce at the same time. But there’s one further reason to suspect that the 10.5-inch iPad isn’t being announced until later in the year. The USP of the model appears to be a near-bezel-free design, almost certainly including a touch-sensitive Home button embedded into the display. In other words, exactly the kind of technological and design breakthrough we’re expecting Apple to use as the key selling points for the iPhone 8. Would Apple really steal the thunder of the iPhone 8 by launching those features in an iPad before an iPhone? That idea always did seem weird to me. Apple has always launched significant new features in the iPhone first, then later brought those same features to the iPad. Touch ID is a good example of this. So while WWDC is the obvious time and place to show off the new iPad, I’m even doubtful of that. It would seem to be more likely that Apple would announce the iPhone 8 before a new iPad based on the same features and design language. So, right now, an October event after the iPhone 8 launch seems to me the most likely bet. What do you think? Are you still expecting an April iPad event? Will Apple announce the 10.5-inch model at WWDC? Or will it wait until after the iPhone event? As always, please take our poll and let us hear your theories in the comments. Take Our Poll Concept images: Aatma Studio; ConceptsiPhone Ben Lovejoy @benlovejoy Ben Lovejoy is a British technology writer and EU Editor for 9to5Mac. He’s known for his op-eds and diary pieces, exploring his experience of Apple products over time, for a more rounded review. He also writes fiction, with two technothriller novels published to date, and an SF novella series coming in March 2017. Favorite Gear MacBook/Pro/Air Sony a6300 DJI Mavic Pro Guides iPad What's next for Apple's iPad line? View THe Guide Opinion pieces & commentary View THe Guide iPhone 8 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple What’s next for Apple Music and Beats 1: Original content, revamped apps, more Beats, live events & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: A spring iPad event now seems unlikely, but that 10.5-inch iPad is probably still real Trending in Apple Opinion: The new low-cost iPad is further evidence of a new approach to Apple’s pricing Trending in Apple What’s next for Siri: Apple’s advantage for its Echo/Google Home competitor Trending in Apple Comment: I’m wondering whether even Apple could pull off smart glasses we’d actually want to wear Trending in Apple Roundup: Here’s everything we currently know about the new iPads coming this year March 23 AAPL: 140.92 -0.50 Hands on with Apple’s new spring 2017 iPhone leather and silicone cases [Video] Benjamin Mayo - Mar. 23rd 2017 8:06 am PT @bzamayo iPhone 7 Accessories View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit As part of its announcements on Tuesday, Apple launched several new colors of its iPhone cases to give customers some new fashion options for the spring — if buying a whole new (RED) iPhone is a step too far. Apple videoblogger DetroitBORG has picked up all six of the new leather and silicone cases, showing them off in a well-produced video … The best, strongest, Lightning cables ... buy braided cables here In total, there’s six new color options — three for leather and three for silicone. The new silicone case colors are pale blue Azure, muted brown Pebble and pale pink Camellia. The new leather colors are called Berry, Taupe and Sapphire: different shades on the same color palette from the silicone collection, tweaked to fit the material. See all the new colors shown off in the video along with the rest of the options in the official iPhone case lineup: The new cases are on sale now at the Apple Store. For the 4.7-inch iPhone 7 size, silicone cases cost $35 each, leather cases are $45 each. The 5.5-inch iPhone 7 Plus cases are slightly more expensive as usual; silicone cost $39 and leather cost $49. Apple isn’t removing any of the existing iPhone case colors either, so these six options simply give customers even more choice to reflect their personal style and taste. All these new colors are also available as Apple Watch watch bands, so you can color-match your Apple devices if you want. Let us know in the comments if you splashed out on any of these new cases in Apple’s spring 2017 collection … Benjamin Mayo @bzamayo Benjamin develops iOS apps professionally and covers Apple news and rumors for 9to5Mac. Listen to Benjamin, every week, on the Happy Hour podcast. Favorite Gear MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro Apple AirPods Guides iPhone 7 Apple's iPhone 7 and 7 Plus were announced on 7th September 2016 View THe Guide Accessories View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
About About ValueWalk Corporation Premium explainer Member Login Password Reset Profile Premium Sign Up Explainer Contact Guest Posts And Hedge Fund Letters Advertise Donate to ValueWalk Comments Policy Authors DMCA Legal Disclaimer DMCA Books Editors’ Full List of Book Recommendations Editors Favorite Ten Books Recommendations For Beginners Michael Burry’s List Tom Gayner’s List Donald Yacktman’s List Eddie Lampert’s List Bill Gates’ List Peter Cundill’s List John Griffin’s List Ray Dalio’s List Howard Marks’ List Charlie Munger’s List Bill Ackman’s List Dan Loeb’s List Jim Chanos’s List David Einhorn’s List Jamie Dimon’s List Joel Greenblatt’s List Guy Spier’s Reading List Seth Klarman’s List Warren Buffett’s List John Griffin’s List VALUE INVESTING Screeners Valuation Stock Screener Graham-Dodd Stock Screener Stock Watchlists Graham Formula Stock Screener Intrinsic Value Stock Screener Financial Ratios RawCharts Screener RawCharts Data Warren Buffett Screener Price To Cash Flow Distribution; MF And ETFs – Interactive Chart Stockrow Value Research tool Future Value, Investment, CAGR, Rule Of 72 And Other finance Calculators Activist Filing Tracker Investors Academics Aswath Damodaran Kenneth French Eugene Fama James Montier Michael Mauboussin Robert Shiller Activist Investors Wilbur Ross Nelson Peltz Carl Icahn Dan Loeb Eddie Lampert Bill Ackman Buffett’s Superinvestors Warren Buffett Rick Guerin Tom Knapp and Ed Anderson Charlie Munger Stan Perlmeter Bill Ruane Walter Schloss Value Investors Charles Brandes Chris Browne Michael Burry Tom Gayner Benjamin Graham Irving Kahn David Herro Max Heine Michael Larson Mark Mobius Wally Weitz Hedge Fund Managers Kyle Bass Ray Dalio David Einhorn Mario Gabelli’s Joel Greenblatt Jeffrey Gundlach Mason Hawkins Edward Lampert Dan Loeb Howard Marks John Neff Kerr Neilson John Paulson George Soros Alfred Winslow Jones David Tepper’s Legendary Investors John Bogle Bill Gross Jesse Livermore Henry Singleton John Templeton Tiger Cubs The Tiger Cub Culture Bill Hwang — Tiger Asia Patrick McCormack — Tiger Consumer Management Manish Chopra — Tiger Veda Management Hound Partners And Marble Arch Partners Resource Page Chase Coleman — Tiger Global Chris Shumway – Shumway Capital Partners Michael Larson Resource Page Andreas Halvorsen — Viking Global Lee Ainslie — Maverick Capital Ltd Foreign Investors Jeroen Bos Jean-Marie Eveillard Albert Frere Dr Lee Shau Kee Francisco Garcia Timeless Reading Guest Posts and Tips Value Investors Must Read List Studies and Research Papers Warren Buffett’s Shareholder Letters ValueWalk’s Value Fund Interview Series Behavioral Finance Famous Investor Series Links Letters 2015 Letters Q1 2016 Letters Q2 2016 Letters Q3 2016 letters 2016 Letters About About ValueWalk Corporation Premium explainer Member Login Password Reset Profile Premium Sign Up Explainer Contact Guest Posts And Hedge Fund Letters Advertise Donate to ValueWalk Comments Policy Authors DMCA Legal Disclaimer DMCA Books Editors’ Full List of Book Recommendations Editors Favorite Ten Books Recommendations For Beginners Michael Burry’s List Tom Gayner’s List Donald Yacktman’s List Eddie Lampert’s List Bill Gates’ List Peter Cundill’s List John Griffin’s List Ray Dalio’s List Howard Marks’ List Charlie Munger’s List Bill Ackman’s List Dan Loeb’s List Jim Chanos’s List David Einhorn’s List Jamie Dimon’s List Joel Greenblatt’s List Guy Spier’s Reading List Seth Klarman’s List Warren Buffett’s List John Griffin’s List VALUE INVESTING Screeners Valuation Stock Screener Graham-Dodd Stock Screener Stock Watchlists Graham Formula Stock Screener Intrinsic Value Stock Screener Financial Ratios RawCharts Screener RawCharts Data Warren Buffett Screener Price To Cash Flow Distribution; MF And ETFs – Interactive Chart Stockrow Value Research tool Future Value, Investment, CAGR, Rule Of 72 And Other finance Calculators Activist Filing Tracker Investors Academics Aswath Damodaran Kenneth French Eugene Fama James Montier Michael Mauboussin Robert Shiller Activist Investors Wilbur Ross Nelson Peltz Carl Icahn Dan Loeb Eddie Lampert Bill Ackman Buffett’s Superinvestors Warren Buffett Rick Guerin Tom Knapp and Ed Anderson Charlie Munger Stan Perlmeter Bill Ruane Walter Schloss Value Investors Charles Brandes Chris Browne Michael Burry Tom Gayner Benjamin Graham Irving Kahn David Herro Max Heine Michael Larson Mark Mobius Wally Weitz Hedge Fund Managers Kyle Bass Ray Dalio David Einhorn Mario Gabelli’s Joel Greenblatt Jeffrey Gundlach Mason Hawkins Edward Lampert Dan Loeb Howard Marks John Neff Kerr Neilson John Paulson George Soros Alfred Winslow Jones David Tepper’s Legendary Investors John Bogle Bill Gross Jesse Livermore Henry Singleton John Templeton Tiger Cubs The Tiger Cub Culture Bill Hwang — Tiger Asia Patrick McCormack — Tiger Consumer Management Manish Chopra — Tiger Veda Management Hound Partners And Marble Arch Partners Resource Page Chase Coleman — Tiger Global Chris Shumway – Shumway Capital Partners Michael Larson Resource Page Andreas Halvorsen — Viking Global Lee Ainslie — Maverick Capital Ltd Foreign Investors Jeroen Bos Jean-Marie Eveillard Albert Frere Dr Lee Shau Kee Francisco Garcia Timeless Reading Guest Posts and Tips Value Investors Must Read List Studies and Research Papers Warren Buffett’s Shareholder Letters ValueWalk’s Value Fund Interview Series Behavioral Finance Famous Investor Series Links Letters 2015 Letters Q1 2016 Letters Q2 2016 Letters Q3 2016 letters 2016 Letters Search for: Apple’s Clips App Makes It Easy To Create Viral Videos By Darren Wall on March 23, 2017 11:11 am in Technology ShareTweetPostFlip Earlier this week Apple announced its Clips App for iPhone and iPad. It’s an iOS based application that will enable iDevice owners to create viral-worthy videos quickly, that can be shared via social media. When the app makes its appearance of the App Store in April, it will come with features as of yet unseen by iOS users. Presenting them with a press-to-record button that makes it easy to capture, and edit video. The Clips App Is Not A Social Network After Apple had announced this app, it became clear that some iOS users, mainly the younger Millennials were confused. Yes, it does contain similar features to those found on Snaptchat, Instagram, and other social video applications. “It is a tool, not a social network.” Meaning that while you can film, edit short videos, use overlays, music tracks, and effects. But the sharing of them takes place via social network or iMessage. Clips App Features Where video creation and sharing apps are concerned, the clips interface is a simple one. However, hidden underneath this simplicity are some features which feel borrowed and other that are Apple in nature. To start with the app’s opening screen has a capture-square similar to that found on Instagram. Alongside this are options to access Video, and Photo’s, and at the top, there are options for customizing and styling. Then at the bottom, there’s the timeline, which is where you can view what clips have been used. Live Titles Remember when we said there are certainly some features that were Apple in nature. Live Titles is one of them, and it’s something we’ve not seen anywhere else, what is it? It’s a feature which turns spoken text into text that is placed over still photo’s and video. And what’s more, it is apparently very easy to do, the only action required is the tap of a button. And then the use of your voice, and that’s it, yes, you can choose from a variety of languages currently 36. Smart Suggestions Now, if when you use the Clips App, you intend to share your creations via iMessage. Apple is going to add a feature called Smart Suggestions, it will be able to suggest for the first time on an Apple device people you can share with. That is those who use iMessage. These suggestions will use the facial recognition software in the Photo’s app. Which ultimately means, that if your friends use iMessage, the clips app will auto-suggest you share with them first. Final Thoughts While the above features are new, others a strikingly similar to those we’ve seen before. For instance, the inclusion of filters, basic text, emoji, and the use of iTunes for music are not new. As is the placing of videos and photo’s into a timeline, take your pick, others did this before the Clips App. However, if we had to pick out one, seriously blatant copy, it would have to be how much some of the filters resemble those in the Prisma App. The only difference being with Clips, the filter is added as a video is being shot, it’s not something that is completed afterward. Image Source:apple.com/newsroom Tags: Apple Clips App Load Comments Send us your tips at tips(at)valuewalk.com Latest News From ValueWalk How A $3+ Billion Firm Implemented A Successful Internal Succession Plan Samsung Experience Store Catches Fire Before Galaxy S8 Launch Einhorn: 2 GM Stock Classes Would Better Serve Investors Timing Is Everything… Except When Investing For The Long-Term Join Us On Facebook Copyright © 2016 ValueWalk - Privacy Policy Follow Us: Developed by ValueWalk Team Sponsored Content - Resource Center
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Tech Cybersecurity New WikiLeaks docs show how the CIA hacks iPhones and MacBooks New, 28 comments by Russell Brandom@russellbrandom Mar 23, 2017, 11:08am EDT share tweet Linkedin For years, the CIA has been developing tools for hacking into Apple products — and thanks to WikiLeaks, those tools are now public. Today, the group published a new set of documents dubbed “Dark Matter,” part of the ongoing Vault 7 publication on CIA hacking tools. Today’s documents focus specifically on Apple products, detailing the CIA’s methods for breaking into MacBooks and iPhones. Most of the documents are more than seven years old, putting them significantly out of sync with the company’s current products, but they show a persistent effort to find and exploit weaknesses in Apple products. One tool, called “Sonic Screwdriver,” was used to infect MacBooks through a USB or Thunderbolt port, presumably deployed when the CIA has physical access to a device. Other implants install themselves in the computer’s firmware interface, making them undetectable through conventional forensic techniques. The agency seems to have had a harder time with the early versions of the iPhone. Only one of the tools targets the phone, a so-called “beacon” tool designed to be installed on an intercepted phone before purchase. Given how old the bugs are, it’s unlikely any of them would be effective against contemporary Apple products, although it’s likely the CIA has developed similar capabilities to target today’s MacBooks. WikiLeaks has pledged to disclose all the Vault 7 vulnerabilities to the relevant companies for patching, but the group has been slow to fulfill that promise, reportedly requiring a series of conditions before the bugs can be disclosed. Reached by The Verge, Apple denied any negotiations with Wikileaks, and emphasized that contemporary products are not vulnerable to the attacks. The company’s statement is reproduced in full below: We have preliminarily assessed the Wikileaks disclosures from this morning. Based on our initial analysis, the alleged iPhone vulnerability affected iPhone 3G only and was fixed in 2009 when iPhone 3GS was released. Additionally, our preliminary assessment shows the alleged Mac vulnerabilities were previously fixed in all Macs launched after 2013. We have not negotiated with Wikileaks for any information. We have given them instructions to submit any information they wish through our normal process under our standard terms. Thus far, we have not received any information from them that isn’t in the public domain. We are tireless defenders of our users' security and privacy, but we do not condone theft or coordinate with those that threaten to harm our users. Update 9:13PM ET: Updated with statement from Apple. More From The Verge The Hawai’ian volcano that created a spectacular firehose of lava just collapsed Apple, Facebook, Google, and 94 others file opposition to Trump's immigration ban Google’s Super Bowl ad accidentally set off a lot of Google Homes Lady Gaga opened her Super Bowl performance with a protest anthem Trump is turning Elon Musk into a crony capitalist Why the sounds of eating make some people so angry Now Trending Elon Musk launches Neuralink, a venture to merge the human brain with AI Rockets, cars, and now brain chips The Galaxy S8 will be Samsung's biggest test ever Everything to prove, everything to lose Apple is upgrading millions of iOS devices to a new modern file system today Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 8. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Harvest your pet’s fur and wear it as a watch band by Ashley Carman 1 comment / new Trump trades the planet for a few coal jobs in a doomed industry by Alessandra Potenza 20 comments / new The real story behind Stories is advertising by Nilay Patel 5 comments / new With S-Town, the makers of Serial test the waters of binge-listening by Andrew Liptak Excel for Windows now supports real-time multi-author editing by Natt Garun 6 comments / new Elon Musk’s Neuralink is not about preventing an AI apocalypse by Nick Statt Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 8 TV app AirPods MacBook Pro with Touch Bar iPad Pro You are here: Home > Apple denies breach of 600M iCloud accounts from hackers Apple denies breach of 600M iCloud accounts from hackers March 23, 2017 Peter Cao Leave a comment Apple has officially responded to claims that a group of hackers were able to obtain more than 600 million iCloud accounts. In a statement to Fortune, the company says there are no breaches in its system and that its user data is safe. According to Apple, the data hackers claim to have were from “previously compromised third-party services.” Here’s Apple’s full statement: “There have not been any breaches in any of Apple’s systems including iCloud and Apple ID,” the spokesperson said. “The alleged list of email addresses and passwords appears to have been obtained from previously compromised third-party services.” Apple will also continue to “actively monitor” the situation and work with law enforcement to ensure all user data remains safe. “Apple is actively monitoring to prevent unauthorized access to user accounts and are working with law enforcement to identify the criminals involved. To protect against these type of attacks, we always recommend that users always use strong passwords, not use those same passwords across sites and turn on two-factor authentication.” The statement comes after a Motherboard report that suggests that a group of hackers, “Turkish Crime Family”, gained access to hundreds of millions of iCloud accounts. The group claims that if Apple doesn’t pay the $150,000 ransom price, it would remote wipe all of the victims’ devices. However, the hackers appear to be inconsistent in their story; one of the hackers then claimed they had 559 million accounts in all. The hackers did not provide Motherboard with any of the supposedly stolen iCloud accounts to verify this claim, except those shown in the video. Read the full story on Motherboard for more details. Tags: Hackers, iCloud About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Apple removes (PRODUCT)RED branding for red iPhone in China More WikiLeaks documents detail Mac-related CIA exploits → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics Man passes away after attempting to charge his iPhone while in the bath4 Make absolutely free calls from iPod Touch157 Apple to brand this year's flagship as 'iPhone Edition', will launch well after announcement1 For luxury car geeks only: Rolls-Royce Ghost app5 How to restore recently deleted contacts, calendars, and files from iCloud.com3 Best alternative messaging apps: BBM, LINE, Kik, Viber and more7 Apple patent suggests the company is working on a fingerprint sensor built into the display that's capable of auto-authentication1 What makes the iPhone so special?23 KGI: Apple will not switch over to USB-C on iPhone 8, but will support faster charging over Lightning1 PhoneDog Moto X (2017) reportedly shown off in leaked photos T-Mobile launches a trio of new prepaid plans Facebook Messenger makes it easy to share your live location with friends Unlocked Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 edge receiving security updates in the US Andy Rubin teases new smartphone with super slim bezels Apple releases iOS 10.3 and watchOS 3.2 updates Microsoft giving Cortana for Android lock screen features Android And Me Samsung won’t sell refurbished Galaxy HTC U with touch-sensitive frame reportedly OnePlus 3T Midnight Black now available Samsung Galaxy S8 Plus appears in even Jam Voice Amazon Alexa Bluetooth speaker Cortana can now be accessed on your Andy Rubin teases first smartphone from TmoNews Next T-Mobile Tuesday will include free iOS 10.3 and watchOS 3.2 updates now T-Mobile now includes AppleCare+ with Red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus now available T-Mobile rolling out Scam ID and Scam T-Mobile Hookup deal that offers 20 PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 People are talking about hackers 'ransoming' Apple — here's what's actually going on Kif Leswing Mar. 23, 2017, 11:14 AM 23,518 facebook linkedin twitter email print Getty/Justin Sullivan If you don't want to be hacked, don't use the same password across different services. And if you're an Apple user, it's a good idea to check your Apple ID and iCloud account today to make sure it's using a unique and long password. On Wednesday, a hacking group calling itself the Turkish Crime Family told Business Insider that it had about 600 million iCloud passwords it would use to reset users' accounts on April 7. Apple told Business Insider in a statement that if the hackers had passwords, they did not come from a breach of Apple systems: "There have not been any breaches in any of Apple's systems including iCloud and Apple ID. The alleged list of email addresses and passwords appears to have been obtained from previously compromised third-party services. "We're actively monitoring to prevent unauthorized access to user accounts and are working with law enforcement to identify the criminals involved. To protect against these type of attacks, we always recommend that users always use strong passwords, not use those same passwords across sites and turn on two-factor authentication." It is still possible that the group has some users' passwords. Information from several large breaches, including those of Yahoo and LinkedIn, have spread across the internet in recent years. If an Apple user has the same password and email for, say, LinkedIn and iCloud, there's a good chance that iCloud password is already publicly available. Here's what you can do to protect yourself: Turn on two-factor authentication. That means when you log in to your iCloud account you'll be asked to send a six-digit code to your phone. It's annoying, but it's the best way to ensure that your account remains your own. Don't use the same password for multiple services. If one of your accounts is hacked or breached, hackers can essentially access all your accounts that used the same password. Make sure to use a different password for your Apple ID and your email account — here's how to change your Apple ID password and how to check if your password may already be public. Make sure your password is long, random, and unique. Don't use your name, birthday, or other common words. Why this matters now Twitter Over the past few days, the Turkish Crime Family has contacted media outlets saying it has 200 million, 250 million, 519 million, or as many as 750 million Apple ID account credentials culled from breaches of other services. The hacking group also said it had been in contact with Apple and was demanding $75,000 in cryptocurrency like bitcoin or $100,000 in Apple gift cards. If Apple did nothing, it would "face really serious server issues and customer complaints" in an attack on April 7, a member of the hacking group told Business Insider in an email. They said they were carrying out the attack in support of the Yahoo hacking suspect. A report from Motherboard said the group had shown the outlet an email from one of the hackers to an Apple product-security specialist that discussed the ransom demands. That email is fake, a person with knowledge of Apple's security operations told Business Insider. Apple is in contact with law enforcement about the ransom demand, the person said. Apple is unsure if the group's claims are true, but people at the company say they doubt they are. Twitter There are other reasons to doubt the hackers' claims, such as their thirst for publicity and their fluid story. But even if the hackers are telling the truth, Apple users can protect themselves by making sure their Apple ID password is unique and hasn't been revealed in a previous breach. "A breach means nothing in 2017 when you can just pull the exact same user information in smaller scales through companies that aren't as secure," the group purportedly said in a post on Pastebin in response to Apple's statement. SEE ALSO: Wikileaks document dump claims the CIA could break into Macs using a 'sonic screwdriver' tool More: Apple Security Turkish Crime Family facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru People are talking about hackers 'ransoming' Apple — here's what's actually going on People are talking about hackers 'ransoming' Apple — here's what's actually going on If you don't want to be hacked, don't use the... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Michael Lewis on how to deal with bosses and control your own career More "Idea Factory" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Skip to content The Atlantic Popular Latest Sections Sections Politics & Policy Culture Business Science Technology Health Education U.S. Global News Notes Photo Video Events Writers Projects Next America Magazine Magazine Current issue All issues Manage subscription Subscribe More More Create account Your account Sign in Sign out Newsletters Life Timeline Events Books Shop View all Subscribe Search Search Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription Selling What They Preach From Amazon to Apple, from Starbucks to upscale hotel chains, brands are making claims not just about what people should buy, but about what people should be. Nomad Soul / Igor Lateci / Shutterstock / Katie Martin / The Atlantic Most Popular The Giant Trump Climate Order Is Here Robinson Meyer 11:28 AM ET How Right-Wing Media Saved Obamacare Conor Friedersdorf Mar 27, 2017 How Long Can Devin Nunes Hang On? David A. Graham 10:47 AM ET It Doesn't Get Any Easier for Republicans Now Russell Berman 4:00 AM ET Tax Reform Will Be a Nightmare Derek Thompson 11:03 AM ET Megan Garber Mar 23, 2017 Culture Share Tweet … LinkedIn Email Print Text Size A recent ad for the InterContinental hotel brand, a lush video set in London, features an interview with Kathryn Sargent, the first woman master tailor to open her own shop on Savile Row. “The whole experience of making a beautiful garment for someone,” Sargent tells the camera, as she expertly marks a piece of wool, “empathy is at the heart of that.” The video is titled, for YouTube purposes, “Stories of the InterContinental® Life Presents: Empathy—A Bespoke Connection”; it is accompanied by the “Rewards of Empathy” episode of InterContinental’s podcast, which features another discussion with Sargent and culminates in, as the episode’s notes put it, “a chat with a pair of philosophy experts about the rewards of empathy in our daily lives.” Related Stories Why Funny TV Commercials Work Why Good Advertising Works (Even When You Think It Doesn't) The Reality of Those 'Real People, Not Actors' Ads Hotelier, atelier, the Rewards of Empathy—you could, certainly, question whether an observation about suits makes full sense as an observation about society. But that, of course, would miss the point. “Empathy” has been ported over from psychology and moral philosophy to become an ethic of the moment not because of its literal meaning (strictly, the experience of—and the ability to experience—the feelings of others), but because of its broader connotations, in a time so anxious about civility, and inequality, and inclusivity, and ethno-nationalism: To invoke “empathy” is to insist that the stuff of human connection will triumph over the stuff of everything else. Which is probably why it is being used, so commonly, to sell stuff—and why InterContinental has a good deal of company in its attempt to reap the Rewards of Empathy. Apple concluded a recent ad with a call to “open your heart to everyone.” Starbucks capped its “Year of Good” TV spot—a commercial that quantifies all the social good the company did over the year 2016, from the hiring of 8,000 veterans to the funding of more than 300,000 ethically sourced farms—with an entreaty to “Be Good to Each Other.” Amazon touted the human-connective capabilities of its vast warehouse (and the religious pragmatism of kneepads) by featuring a priest and an imam playing out a wordless, piano-tracked version of a modern-day O. Henry story. Hyatt featured scenes of people initially divided, suspicious of each other, until, as the tempo of “What the World Needs Now Is Love” crescendos, they come together, joyously, as the tagline “For a World of Understanding” pops up onscreen. It’s a sentiment shared by another recent ad, one whose voiceover insists to its viewers, “We can be one. And all it takes is the willingness to dare.” It was an ad for Cadillac. * * * Heady promises, warm feelings, better things for better living—it’s on the one hand the extremely typical stuff of ads, so longstanding an element of commercial messaging that we can safely assume that Neanderthals, once they realized they could rent out space in their caves, spread the news about Lairbnb via grunted renditions of “We Are the World.” But when InterContinental summons the InterPersonal to sell its hotel rooms (or when Cadillac summons the same to sell cars; or when Expedia airs ads celebrating the aiding of refugees; or when Honey Maid, maker of graham crackers, airs spots promoting cross-cultural understanding; or when Panera, the fast-casual purveyor of Bacon Turkey Bravo® Sandwiches, adopts as its tagline, “Food as It Should Be”), what is being invoked is not merely blithe aspiration, cultural ideals fit to be transformed into corporate profits. The ads are, instead, profoundly political. And they are explicitly moral. They are making claims not just about what we should buy, but about what we should be. This is a moment of pervasive political awareness in American life: Politics are infusing pop culture, high culture, and commercial culture. And so, this moment of anxiety and creativity and cultural fracturing and political engagement and political apathy has brought a slight plot twist to the long and winding story of American advertising: It has gone and grown a conscience. The commercials that are ascendant at the moment are selling not just what ads so long have—power, prestige, beauty, glamour, sex—but also, more broadly, a vision of how those things can serve society. They are substituting claims about what is desirable for claims about what is right. They using their particular bully pulpit to moralize and sermonize and offer up, in the end, that most American of reassurances: that a better world can be achieved, because a better world can be bought. * * * The global ad firm J. Walter Thompson recently conducted research into Americans’ attitudes toward commercial brands that take stances on political issues. In a cross-generational group of respondents, 88 percent agreed with the firm’s proposition that corporations have the power to influence social change; 78 percent of them agreed that companies “should take action to address the important issues facing society.” And Millennials were particularly pro-action. As Lucie Greene, the worldwide director of the Innovation Group at JWT, summed things up to me: “In these times, actually, it’s becoming more important for brands to take a point of view.” Not just because brands have the power to effect change, but because people want them—expect them—to use it. It’s an insight on display in ads that conclude with entreaties to “open your heart to everyone”; it’s also on display in the spate of recent commercials that have functioned as overt (if also sometimes covert) political advocacy. During the 2017 Super Bowl, Airbnb aired a spot—and an accompanying hashtag—featuring a series of different faces flashing onscreen as a background to text that read: “No matter who you are … no matter where you’re from … who you love … or who you worship … we all belong. The world is more beautiful the more you accept.” That ad aired on TV around the same time as the Budweiser commercial that celebrates immigration. And the 84 Lumber ad that (maybe?) did the same. And the Audible ad that features Zachary Quinto reading a line from Nineteen Eighty-Four: “If he were allowed contact with foreigners … the sealed world in which he lives would be broken.” The spots are subtle in their messaging; they operate with enough ambiguity to allow for a kind of plausible deniability. (“We all belong” is both stridently argumentative and, seen in another way, entirely meaningless.) But the ads are doing what JWT’s research suggested brands should do, to win converts: They’re taking a stand, and an expressly political one. It’s hard not to interpret the Amazon ad featuring the priest and the imam, wordless though it may be, the way The Daily Beast did: as “a total repudiation of Trumpism.” It’s hard not to read something similar into Samsung’s Super Bowl ad for its virtual-reality technology—the one that aired VR footage of Donald Trump’s inauguration followed immediately by footage of the women’s march on Washington. And the Expedia spot that follows a woman around the world, as she aids refugees? The company arranged the ad’s premiere, tellingly, to drop during CNN’s coverage of the new president’s inauguration. When marketers act as arbiters—of goodness, of rightness, of us-ness—does that say something profoundly optimistic, or profoundly cynical? This is a moment of pervasive political awareness in American life: Politics, and more specifically political conversation, are infusing pop culture, and high culture, and commercial culture. During a time that finds late-night variety show hosts doubling as advocacy journalists and sitcoms airing episodes that grapple explicitly with Donald Trump’s presidency, it’s perhaps unsurprising that self-consciously commercial messages would follow suit. JWT’s report hints at a broader truth: To be relevant in America, right now—whether you are an artist or a journalist or a copywriter at Wieden+Kennedy—will often demand explicit engagement with American politics. In that sense, it makes sense that commercial messages are putting the “ad” in “advocacy.” Of course the CEO of a fast-casual bakery chain sees fit to declare, “If you share our values and share that philosophy, then yeah, come on in.” Of course a Starbucks ad, starring a Marine veteran who is now employed as a barista, culminates with the reminder not just to “Be good to each other,” but also to “Be 🇺🇸  to each other.” * * * It is a truth universally acknowledged, and then silkscreened onto a t-shirt you can buy on Amazon: Everything—politics, protest, feminism, the ephemeral warmth of interpersonal connection—will get commercialized, in the end. We buy the products; we are the products; that those two facts are intimately bound up in each other is part of the agreement American culture has made with its unique kind of capitalism. Brands will be #brands, and all that; Starbucks serving extra shots of empathy along with its caramel macchiatos is in one way simply another extension of the #brand-being. It’s notable, though, that morality-via-marketing is trending during a time that has also brought “fake news” and “alternative facts” and general epistemic panic to the minds of many Americans. Public faith in “the media” and its institutions is, at the moment, extremely low, in some part expressly because that media and its institutions have engaged in the kind of subtle sermonizing these ads are now engaging in. And companies, at the same time, are more powerful than ever: Facebook has more users than the most populous country in the world. Its CEO has recently been talking like a presidential contender. “It used to be that brands, by definition, tried to play it safe, or be apolitical,” JWT’s Lucie Greene told me. Now, she said, “we’re looking to brands to be some sort of port in the storm.” We used to look to other things to anchor us as the world churned. And we still, to some extent, do. But what does it say about us—the “us” that the commercials assure us we still can be, together—that brands are now helping to fill that role? What are we to make of ads that engage in the kind of discourse once reserved for pulpits and art and books and op-ed pages? When marketers act as arbiters—of goodness, of rightness, of us-ness—does that suggest something profoundly optimistic, or profoundly cynical, about what it means, at this moment, to be 🇺🇸  to each other? Empathy is with us not just in ads, but also in subtler ways, through snack bars announcing, “nice to meet you, we’re KIND®” Here’s a case for optimism: You could see such commercials as responses to a situation that finds Americans more politically empowered than they have ever been before. Susan Strasser, a historian of American consumer culture, told me that while, on the one hand, today’s expressly political ads have a long precedent in the U.S.—see Kellogg’s co-optation of Roosevelt’s Square Deal in 1913—they are also, at the same time, very much of their time. They take for granted the fact that today’s citizens can make their voices heard not just at the voting booth, and not just at the protest march, but also on social media. People can easily, and instantly, become part of a movement or a boycott. (As Strasser pointed out, “We’re all pretty quick to say, right now, ‘Yes, we’re going to Nordstrom,’ and ‘No, we’re not doing Uber.’”) So while brands can shape public opinion, in the way #brands have always shaped public opinion, they are also shaped by it. Producer and consumer describes an economic reality; it also describes an economic tautology. That mutuality—the expectations people have for companies not just to sell us things, but to sell us ourselves—helps to explain the new trendiness of ethical sourcing, and fair trade, and the rise of the b-corp, and Chipotle’s decision to print literature on its burrito bags. It also helps to explain why empathy itself has become so popular of late, as a commercial ethic as well as a moral one—a fitting corollary to authenticity and inclusivity and other aspirations that are helping to shape the culture of the moment. Empathy is with us not just in ads, but also in subtler ways, through snack bars announcing, “nice to meet you, we’re KIND®”; and social scientists researching whether reading fiction can engender empathy; and socially conscious coders spending time in “empathy bootcamps”; and Mark Zuckerberg vowing to go on an empathy tour of the country—the 2017 version of a “listening tour”—following criticisms of fake news’s complicity in the outcome of the 2016 presidential election. Michael Schur, the creator and showrunner of the NBC sitcom The Good Place, told The Times that he wanted the series to explore how to live one’s life in a “self-sacrificing, empathetic way.” An episode of the new podcast Missing Richard Simmons featured a long meditation on the connections between empathy and therapy, attempting to coin the term “empathist” in the process. The American Girl franchise recently released the WellieWishers, a collection of dolls distinguished visually by their wearing of rain boots, but rhetorically by the fact that they are, as the company’s website puts it, “a sweet and silly group of girls who each have the same big, bright wish: to be a good friend.” * * * It’s become something of a cliché to compare this American moment, fraught and fractured as it is, with the 1960s. Some of the chaos of those years, in the United States, arose from television and the particular kind of empathy it enforced: Here, for the first time, were scenes of war, moving and real, brought to people’s living rooms. Here, too, were grave injustices and the protests against them, rendered in sound and image rather than text alone. The right side of history can often double as the more lucrative side of history. And here, at the same time, were companies grappling with how to sell things both through and in spite of TV, during a time that found many Americans deeply yearning to transcend their desire for things themselves. While the counterculture of the American ’60s seemed to be defiant of American commercial culture of that time, the journalist Thomas Frank has argued, the two were in fact deeply intertwined—so deeply, Frank writes in his 1998 book The Conquest of Cool, that the counterculture gave rise to “a new species of hip consumerism, a perpetual motion machine in which disgust with the falseness, shoddiness, and everyday oppressions of consumer society could be enlisted to drive the ever-accelerating wheels of consumption.” It was during this time that Volkswagen, automaker of Nazi Germany, was cannily rebranded with ’60s-friendly insouciance through a series of ad campaigns that emphasized irony, and knowingness, and a wink-nudge approach to car-buying. It was during this time, as well, that Avis ran ad copy reading, “They’ll probably never run this ad.” And that Chivas Regal breezily informed potential customers, as they browsed the pages of Life magazine, “Don’t bother to read this ad.” It was a time in which the real-life Don Drapers of war-weary America—jaded, canny, hungry—realized they could harness the era’s widespread mistrust of consumerism to encourage, yes, rampant consumption. So that’s the more cynical read on the ads of today, messages that smarm and tug on heartstrings and generally put the “sell” in the celebration of human connection. You could read Apple and Amazon and Airbnb and their ilk as being engaged, just as their predecessors were, in a kind of purposeful collusion. You could place them on the through line that gave American TV audiences of the 1960s footage of hand-clasping hippies singing upon a hilltop, their thirsts quenched by Coca-Cola, and, later, that gave viewers of the 1980s spots that invoked Orwellian philosophy to sell personal computers, and, later, that found “Benetton ads” serving as shorthand for a world desperate to see itself reflected in its commercial media. You could group them, too, with the recent Campbell’s ads starring a toddler and two doting fathers (hashtag: #realreallife), and Kohl’s ads using an interracial, same-sex couple as their models, and Mattel ads featuring a boy playing with a Barbie doll, and Oreo, master of social media, making waves (and gaining fans, even those who don’t enjoy chocolate or “creme”) with its “pride cookie.” You could see them all as progressive messages that share a convenient conviction: that the right side of history can often double as the more lucrative side of history. If the broad struggle of the ‘60s was preserving individualism against threats of conformity, today’s may be preserving community against threats of individualism. And you could read the ads as reflections not just of their cultural moment, but also of their technological one. While the counterculture of the ’60s came about in part because of technology—the television, that cool medium that became so very heated—the 2017 version of that era’s love-ins and be-ins has arisen in part, perhaps, because of our own technological revolution: the one that has come by way of the internet and its communications platforms. Blogger and Facebook and Twitter and Tumblr and Snapchat and the like are technologies of, yes, empathy. They have given people unprecedented access to each others’ inner lives. They have meant that a country that was recently bowling alone is now also bowling with everyone, at once. Companies understand that. And they are using that understanding to do what companies always will: to make profits. So, yes. Here is kindness, commodified. Here is that old standby of the classic ad campaign, the clever tagline—“Tastes great, less filling”; “Takes a licking and keeps on ticking”; “Breakfast of champions”; “Don’t bother to read this ad”—replaced with more broad-minded entreaties toward empathy. Here is the logic of “Just Do It,” transformed from a vaguely libertarian message into a vaguely liberal one: “We All Belong.” And here are marketers recognizing that, while a diamond may be forever, even more enduring is the ineffable human connection that has allowed hunks of carbon to be invested with romantic allure in the first place. Love isn’t just “what makes a Subaru, a Subaru.” It’s also a mechanism through which advertising can exert its influence. In 1951, the ever-prescient Marshall McLuhan released The Mechanical Bride, a collection of essays about the increasingly powerful advertising industry, grouping it with the increasingly powerful news media. The subtitle of his book was Folklore of Industrial Man. And it was, of course, a fitting one. Ads are the stories we tell ourselves, about ourselves. They are nakedly self-interested, which is also to say extremely honest. So when InterContinental insists that buying a hotel room doubles as an endorsement of empathy, that is revealing—not just about the brand, but about the rest of us. Just as it’s revealing when so many other commercials make the same rhetorical move. If the broad cultural struggle of the 1960s was the preservation of the individual against the threats of conformity, the struggle of the current moment is, perhaps, the preservation of community against the threats of individualism. Ayn Rand is all around. Selfishness tempts and taunts. Empathy is the easy and obvious solution—the moral rebuke—to that. And Hyatt, after all, is completely correct: What the world needs now, as always, is love, sweet love. The question is what it says about that world, and its current occupants, that a hotel brand is the voice trying to remind us of that. Share Tweet Comments Latest Video How The Apprentice Manufactured Trump He didn't have to be a successful business man in real life because he played one on TV. Alice Roth, Erica Moriarty, and Tynesha Foreman Mar 27, 2017 About the Author Megan Garber is a staff writer at The Atlantic, covering culture. Twitter Email Most Popular Presented by Carlos Barria / Reuters The Giant Trump Climate Order Is Here Robinson Meyer What it does, what comes next In the final days of the Obama administration, scholars and journalists took stock of all that he had done to combat the dangerous rise of climate change. Barack Obama, they pronounced, had built up a surprisingly vast array of climate-concerned rules and guidelines across the government. He had turned the many policy-making tools of the many federal agencies toward preparing for this one imminent disaster. Well, that was then. On Tuesday, President Donald Trump will sign an executive order that will demolish his predecessor’s attempts to slow the pace of climate change. It is an omnibus directive that strikes across the federal government, reversing major rules that aim to restrict greenhouse-gas emissions while simultaneously instructing departments to ignore or downplay the risks of climate change in their decision-making. Continue Reading Jonathan Ernst / Reuters How Right-Wing Media Saved Obamacare Conor Friedersdorf Years of misleading coverage left viewers so misinformed that many were shocked when confronted with the actual costs of repeal. As the Republican Party struggled and then failed to repeal and replace Obamacare, pulling a wildly unpopular bill from the House without even taking a vote, a flurry of insightful articles helped the public understand what exactly just happened. Robert Draper explained the roles that Stephen Bannon, Paul Ryan, and others played in deciding what agenda items President Trump would pursue in what order. Politico reported on how and why the House Freedom Caucus insisted that the health care bill repeal even relatively popular parts of Obamacare. Lest anyone pin blame for the GOP’s failure on that faction, Reihan Salam argued persuasively that responsibility rests with poor leadership by House Speaker Paul Ryan and a GOP coalition with “policy goals that simply can’t be achieved.” Continue Reading Jonathan Ernst / Reuters How Long Can Devin Nunes Hang On? David A. Graham Democrats want the chair of the committee looking into collusion between the Trump administration and Russia to recuse himself, and hearings have ground to a halt for the moment. Embattled House Intelligence Committee chairman Devin Nunes is now facing Democratic calls for his recusal from an investigation into the Trump administration’s ties to Russia, as the inquiry grinds to what is at least a temporary halt. The California Republican has been on the hot seat since announcing last week that he had vague but significant information about “incidental collection” of information about Trump transition team members by U.S. intelligence agencies. “Incidental collection” is when the communications of someone who is not the target of surveillance are picked up because they are corresponding with a target. But the revelation, and moreover the manner in which he made it and has conducted himself since, has drawn sharp criticism, including from members of his own committee. Continue Reading Kevin Lamarque / Reuters It Doesn't Get Any Easier for Republicans Now Russell Berman President Trump may feel liberated to pursue tax reform after the failure on health care. But the GOP’s to-do list in Congress only gets harder from here. “In a way I’m glad I got it out of the way,” President Trump told the Washington Post last week in the moments after he and Republican leaders in Congress pulled the plug on their first major legislative priority, repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act. Health care was hard. Really hard. “Nobody knew that health care could be so complicated,” the president had said in a now-infamous quote. The health-care legislation was pulled without a vote last week after House Speaker Paul Ryan told the president there were not enough votes from Republicans to pass it. The implication of Trump’s musings about the difficulty of passing complicated health-care legislation is that he believes the rest of his agenda will be much easier. Tax cuts? Everybody like tax cuts. The legendary border wall. More defense spending. A big, bipartisan infrastructure bill. Continue Reading Carlos Barria / Reuters Tax Reform Will Be a Nightmare Derek Thompson Donald Trump observed that health care policy is “so complicated.” The next item on his agenda, tax policy, will be just as knotty. “Health care is a very, very complicated issue,” Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin said last week in an interview with Mike Allen at Axios. “[Tax reform’s] a lot simpler.” Really? America’s health-care industry is roughly one-sixth of the economy, or about $3 trillion. U.S. federal tax revenue is roughly one-sixth of the economy, or about $3 trillion. Health care is a complex national cross-subsidy, where, for example, the healthy support the sick. Taxes are a national cross-subsidy, where, for example, workers support retirees. With health care, Americans interact with with an amorphous institution, with a maze of entrenched interests, in which they ultimately just want access to an excellent bundle of services at an affordable price. With the federal government, Americans interact with ... okay, I think you get the point. Continue Reading Charles Dharapak / AP AP Classes Are a Scam John Tierney The College Board earns over half of all its revenues from the courses—and, in an uncertain environment, students keep being suckered. Fraudulent schemes come in all shapes and sizes. To work, they typically wear a patina of respectability. That's the case with Advanced Placement courses, one of the great frauds currently perpetrated on American high-school students. That's a pretty strong claim, right? You bet. But why not be straightforward when discussing a scam the scale and audacity of which would raise Bernie Madoff's eyebrows? The miscellany of AP courses offered in U.S. high schools under the imprimatur of the College Board probably started with good intentions. The idea, going back to the 1950s, was to offer college-level courses and exams to high-school students. The courses allegedly provide students the kind of rigorous academic experience they will encounter in college as well as an opportunity to earn college credit for the work. Continue Reading Netflix / Lester Cohen Dave Chappelle Reckons With Himself David Sims The comedian’s two Netflix specials are loaded with brilliant storytelling, but suffer when they lose hold of his unique point of view. Almost exactly halfway through Deep in the Heart of Texas, the second of his two comedy specials released on Netflix last week, Dave Chappelle does something unusual: He sits down. The live-wire comic perches on a stool in the center of the stage, plops his feet onto a speaker, and asks the crowd if anyone has a cigarette. He delivers the rest of the show like that, occasionally springing to his feet to drive home a punchline, then resting back on his stool to chat with his rapt audience. It gives the show a spontaneous, conversational feel, as if he’s telling stories the instant he thinks of them. Of course, every move in a stand-up show is a calculated one, and Chappelle is a veteran of the form, using a looser approach to sell a shaggier, more anecdotal form of his comedy. It makes for an interesting contrast to his other Netflix special, The Age of Spin, a more composed, finely tuned set with an overarching structure (based around four brief encounters with O.J. Simpson over the course of his career). But though they’re wildly different shows, the strengths and weaknesses of Chappelle’s comedy comeback are consistent in each. Continue Reading Brian Snyder / Reuters The Atheists Struggling to Find Therapists in the Bible Belt Angela Almeida The rise of faith-based counseling in America’s most Christian regions has brought the clash over religious liberties to the therapist’s couch. In the lead-up to the 2016 presidential election, life in the town of Easley, South Carolina, was tense for Leigh Drexler. Pick-up trucks with airborne Confederate flags seemed more prevalent than ever before, and her grandparents—who had never voted in their lives—registered to cast their ballots for the Donald himself. Drexler felt isolated. “My family has always directed their point of view at me, but it has been a million times worse than normal,” she told me last October. “Every time we’re in a conversation, it’s either about the election or religion.” It’s a dynamic that led Drexler, who identifies as a democratic socialist and an atheist, to go online in search of a therapist—someone who would perhaps better understand her lack of faith. She scouted towns within a 20-mile radius, but only “faith-based” practitioners turned up. She resorted to distance counseling over the phone with a therapist a few states away. “I knew there would be Christian counselors here, but I didn’t think that was all I was going to find,” she said. Continue Reading Tyler Golden / NBC The Voice’s Empty Promise of the American Dream Julie Beck The NBC reality singing competition has been selling glittering visions of fame for 11 seasons, but has rarely delivered on them. The Voice’s auditions are some of the best reality TV you can watch. Early in each new season of the NBC show, celebrity coaches will listen to contestants sing with their backs turned. If coaches like what they hear and want to recruit someone for their “team,” they press a button, and their giant red chair spins around for a grand reveal. (If more than one turns, the contestant gets to pick his or her coach.) I see those chairs a-swivelin’ in a commercial, and I can’t resist Hulu-binging several hour-and-a-half-long episodes of these blind auditions. Still, I’ve never made it through an entire season of The Voice. I get enticed by the auditions, and usually stick around through both the battle and the knockout rounds, when coaches pair members of their teams in head-to-head sing-offs. But I always stop watching during the bloated live shows, where couch potatoes actually get to vote for their favorite singers. At that point it’s just American Idol-style voting in broadcasts padded with backstage fashion and performances by the coaches, and oh-so-many commercials between contestant performances, and the unique energy has faded. By this, the 12th season, I should really know better. Continue Reading Jean-Sebastian Evrard / AFP / Getty When Left-Wing Feminists and Conservative Catholics Unite Anna Momigliano In Europe, a reproductive rights issue yields an unlikely partnership. Conservative Catholics and left-wing feminists often find each other on opposite sides of political debates, especially when it comes to what women should do with their bodies. Yet in Europe, there is a reproductive rights issue on which the Catholic Church, well-known for its staunch pro-life position, is finding common ground with pro-choice feminists: surrogacy. The practice whereby a woman carries a pregnancy to term for third parties is legal in the United States and Canada, but not in most of Western Europe. Some countries, like France, Germany, Spain, Italy, and Sweden, have banned surrogacy outright. Others, such as the United Kingdom, don’t have specific laws against surrogacy, but recognize the woman who gives birth to a child as the legal mother, making any surrogate agreements unenforceable. The European Parliament rejected surrogacy in a 2015 non-binding resolution. Continue Reading A Stunning Scale Model of Our Solar System, Drawn in the Desert Jaclyn Skurie A true illustration of our place in the universe Watch Video How Did Tech Become So Male-Dominated? Caitlin Cadieux and Alice Roth Women developed computer science. Today, the industry is mostly men. Watch Video Dark Matter, Animated Nadine Ajaka In a short film, a Columbia University astrophysicist explains the mysterious substance that makes up over 25 percent of the universe. Watch Video More Popular Stories Show Comments Home Share Tweet Next story in Culture Subscribe Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price. State Alabama Alaska Alberta American Samoa APO/FPO-Africa APO/FPO-Canada APO/FPO-Europe APO/FPO-Middle East APO/FPO-Americas APO/FPO-Pacific Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Micronesia Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland Newfoundland-Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Isles Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Puerto Rico Quebec Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Territories Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic Newsletters+ The Atlantic The Atlantic Daily This Week This Month New Photo Galleries Top Videos This Week Politics & Policy Daily CityLab Today’s Top Stories This Week's Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. Follow+ Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store About+ Masthead FAQ Press Jobs Shop Books Emporium Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Advertising Guidelines Terms and Conditions Manage Subscription Responsible Disclosure Site Map Copyright © 2017 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. Close Skip to article in Skip Ad >
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions UK Edition Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team The Sun The Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts Sun Savers News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP Glasgow City Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in Scottish Sun UK Edition Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz News Living Money Motors Travel Sun Savers All News All News Scottish News World News Opinion Politics Tech and science IS YOUR PHONE SAFE? Wikileaks claims CIA hacking Macbook Air, Apple Mac and iPhones (which they’ve been tampering with before they’ve even hit shops) A second round of bombshell allegations suggest the CIA has been bugging iPhones fresh from the factory before they even reach a shop shelf By Margi Murphy 23rd March 2017, 2:56 pm Updated: 23rd March 2017, 3:23 pm Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments APPLE customers were spied on by a virus created by the CIA which infected Macbook Airs and iPhones , it was claimed this afternoon. The US intelligence agency installed “persistent” bugs that could monitor Apple Mac devices without their owner ever knowing, Wikileaks documents claimed. Getty Images 4 Several have fallen for iPhone 7 hacks that cause damage to the phone It follows claims that both the CIA and MI5 could turn smart televisions into living-room spies. According to Wikileaks, who published documents allegedly belonging to the secret services, the CIA developed a “Sonic Screwdriver” which could infect Apple devices using a USB stick. Spies could bypass security controls to install firmware on the device which sent information back to HQ. 4 MOST READ IN TECH AND SCIENCE APPY ENDING Facebook Messenger will STOP working on some mobile phones this week - check to see if you're affected YOUTUBE VIDEO NASTIES Sickos trick kids into watching scary videos by disguising them as Peppa Pig clips 'I COULD KILL HER' Dundee daughter wishes mum a happy Mother's Day by posting pic of her hugging naked man PLACEBOOK Facebook wants to track your movements and reveal your exact whereabouts to 'friends' STEPOSAURUS World's largest dinosaur footprint discovered Down Under... and it's as big as a man DESKTOP DATING Tinder can now be used on desktop PCs so you can swipe in the office BURSTING THE (SPEECH) BUBBLE Google axes 'Gchat' instant messenger to change office gossip forever No more sneaky surfing! Google WiFi router lets you stop kids accessing the internet from their bedrooms APPLE RUMOURS Is Apple going to scrap the MacBook? Apple drops BIG hint about return of a retro device GONE WITH THE WIND First pics of superfast Hyperloop pods which could travel from London to Edinburgh in HALF AN HOUR HOME RULE Google's voice-activated computer is coming to the UK - so will you let microphones listen in on YOUR family? LIBRARY OF THE APOCALYPSE Second Arctic 'Doomsday Vault' will allow the world's precious books to survive Armageddon BRACE YOURSELVES A massive asteroid is coming our way and one 'scientist' thinks its going to SMASH into our planet TRUE ICON Samsung Galaxy S8 emojis REVEALED and they include Snapchat bunny filters, lab scientists and credit cards ENTER THE MATRIX Elon Musk wants to install implants in our brains and plug us all into computers HARDER DRIVE Apple introduces encryption which makes it MORE difficult for cops to crack into ISIS nuts' iPhones WAR GAMES Call of Duty returning to World War II setting according to EXPLOSIVE 'leaked promotional material' MAKE YOUTUBE SAFE AGAIN How to protect YOUR children from the video nasties hidden in YouTube Peppa Pig videos OUTER LIMITS Scottish Sun Space week...Four Scots locations in running for UK’s first Spaceport licence Privacy campaigning site Wikileaks, which is spearheaded by Julian Assange, claimed that another bug called NightSkies had been developed specifically for iPhones. It revealed: “Noteworthy is that NightSkies had reached 1.2 by 2008, and is expressly designed to be physically installed onto factory fresh iPhones. i.e the CIA has been infecting the iPhone supply chain of its targets since at least 2008.” Wikileaks is publishing hundreds of thousands of secret CIA documents, including files from inside its Center for Cyber Intelligence. It has claimed the papers — dubbed “Vault 7” — expose how a sinister surveillance program was developed by UK and US spy chiefs. Samsung TVs were said to have been hacked using a computer virus called the Weeping Angel which turned them into a “covert microphone”. WikiLeaks Vault 7 claims that CIA can 'hack into TVs, cars and smartphones' What is Wikileaks and what documents does it have? Wikileaks, which publishes top secret data from anonymous sources, has released thousands of new documents claiming to reveal the invasive methods used by US government spy agencies. On Tuesday March 7, WikiLeaks published the first of its new series of leaks on the US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). The leaks have were code-named Vault 7, and is the “largest ever publication of confidential documents on the agency”, according to the site. The first in the series has been dubbed Year Zero, and includes shocking claims that software was developed by the CIA to hack into people’s smartphones, computers and cars. It contains 8,761 files which WikiLeaks claims come from the CIA’s Centre for Cyber Intelligence in Virginia. The second, released on March 23, is called Dark Matter. It includes shocking claims that the CIA infected Macbook Air devices and iPhones with permanent software for surveillance purposes. In some cases the software has been "infecting the iPhone supply chain of its targets since 2008". Viewers who believed their TV was off were then recorded by its in-built microphone — with conversations sent to the CIA, it was claimed. The program was named after terrifying characters in Doctor Who which come to life when not being looked at. Wikileaks said: “The attack against Samsung smart TVs was developed in cooperation with the United Kingdom’s MI5. “After infestation, Weeping Angel places the target TV in a ‘Fake-Off’ mode, so that the owner falsely believes the TV is off when it is on. AP:Associated Press 4 Julian Assange is the founder of whistleblowing website Wikileaks Wikileaks publish thousands of documents it says have come from the CIA's Centre for Cyber Intelligence “In ‘Fake-Off’ mode the TV operates as a bug, recording conversations in the room and sending them over the internet to a covert CIA server.” Wikileaks said the technique had eerie echoes of George Orwell’s nightmarish surveillance novel 1984. Samsung has an huge range of smart TVs with voice control using microphones. But in 2015 viewers were warned not to discuss personal information in front of their sets. AP:Associated Press 4 Wikileaks claim this dump is far greater than the Snowden leaks A sinister clause in its privacy policy also warned sensitive information was passed on to a US-based communications company. Samsung said: "Protecting consumers’ privacy and the security of our devices is a top priority at Samsung. We are aware of the report in question and are urgently looking into the matter." Wikileaks added that a “substantial library” of digital espionage techniques borrowed from Russia and other countries was in the files, which date from 2013 to 2016. Wikileaks founder Julian Assange called them “exceptional from a political, legal and forensic perspective”. A CIA spokesman said yesterday: “We do not comment on the authenticity or content of purported intelligence documents.” The Home Office declined to comment. Wikileaks' founder Assange says he stands by U.S. extradition offer We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368   The Sun Topics Apple iphone Wikileaks Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Popular IT'S A FARE COP Cunning cops sit on top deck of bus to nab 130 drivers, with 39 using their mobile phones on their laps, in… Motors teen rape hell Cops hunt rapist after 15-year-old schoolgirl subjected to horror attack near Kirkintilloch nature reserve News Exclusive The only way is sex slur Towie star Jon Clark ruins Mother's Day for innocent mum and hubby after branding them… News Pictured BIG CAT MYSTERY Locals on the lookout as pictures claim to show 'enormous' cat prowling fields near Inverness News SPRING HAS SPRUNG Weather experts predict balmy weather will continue after mercury tips 19C in Scotland News CLOSE CALL Ex-Celtic striker Amido Balde could be forced to quit football after being diagnosed with blood clot News Exclusive Billy talks Pedro Caixinha has made last-gasp plea to wonderkid Billy Gilmour to stay at Rangers Football HOT WHEELS Randy couple filmed having sex on a moving bus in front of shocked passengers News Home at last Heartbroken family of tragic Scots backpacker Danielle McLaughlin bring remains back to Ireland News SHOP BLAZE PROBE Flames rip through seven shops after suspected fire attack in Coatbridge town centre News Exclusive YUCK-SHIRE DALES Gemma Atkinson quit Emmerdale 'because writers paired her up with soap veteran and not hunky co-star' TV & Showbiz HONEYTRAP SLASHER Masked thug slashed two men in violent robbery after teenage girl used Facebook to lure them to 'house… News Exclusive Oxford eye Niall English League One side Oxford United plotting move for Aberdeen star Niall McGinn Football SOZZLED SCOTLAND SUPPORTER Steaming Scotland fan who’s been ‘oot since France 98’ goes viral in hilarious clip Living CHEAP BREAKS Ryanair flash sale sees flights to France and Norway selling for £2.99 today Travel Just Published Hazing horror Nine high school athletes 'held down 10 boys then sexually assaulted them with Coke bottles and baseball bats' News STORAGE HUNTERS How to free up iPhone storage by installing Apple’s latest iOS update News HAMMER ATTACK SURVIVOR Baby girl who survived hammer attack that killed her twin brother has lost her eyesight and hearing News URGENT APPEAL Police concern for welfare of mum and two sons missing since Monday after disappearing near Nottingham city… News ARE YOU THE LUCKY WINNER? Winning EuroMillions numbers for Tuesday 28 March 2017 £39million jackpot News Comment WIN AN iPAD You can get your hands on a free iPAD today... all you have to do is join Sun Savers to be in with a chance of… News Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Apple Apple outs red iPhone 7, 32GB iPhone SE, 9.7-inch iPad, Clips app Apple Apple outs red iPhone 7, 32GB iPhone SE, 9.7-inch iPad, Clips app By Bindu Nair - Mar 23, 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet Apple’s launched a whole bunch of new products set for release on March 24 across the world including the US, the UK, and India. The company chose not to organize a big media event for the latest lineup of iPhones, iPads and Apple Watch bands, opting for a quieter announcement instead. First up is the highly-anticipated shiny red color edition of Apple’s current flagship. Officially dubbed the iPhone 7 (PRODUCT) RED Special Edition, the handset has been unveiled to celebrate 10 years of partnership with (RED). Each purchase will contribute to the Global Fund for HIV/AIDS programs. The red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus boast of the same specs as the original models and will be available in 128GB and 256GB iterations. The 4.7-inch model starts at $749 or Rs 82000 and the 5.5-inch one at $869. Moving on to the next order of business, Apple has refreshed the iPhone SE by jettisoning last year’s 16GB and 64GB variants. The iPhone SE will instead be sold in 32GB and 128GB versions starting at the same $399 or Rs 27200 price tag. Other than outing revamped editions of existing devices, Apple also announced a new 9.7-inch iPad. It’s the cheapest large-size tablet the firm has ever launched, starting at $329 or Rs 28900 for the 32GB Wi-Fi only option and $429 for the 128GB one. Also See: Apple working on AR features for iPhone 8 The 9.7-inch iPad is similar to the iPad Air 2 with a few updates here and there. For instance, the new slate gets a faster A9 chip and higher-capacity 32.4Wh battery. On the software side of things, Apple unveiled a Clips app which is going to hit the App Store in April for free. Clips basically lets users put together a montage of videos, photos, and music. Apple’s infusing the app with a feature called Live Titles that’s supposed to generate animated captions automatically based on a person’s voice. The finished clip can then be shared via iMessage or social networks like Facebook or Instagram. You can buy the red iPhone 7 here, iPhone SE here, and 9.7-inch iPad here starting from March 24. The products will hit shops in several countries including India over the course of the next week. TAGS 9.7-inch iPad apple iPhone 7 (PRODUCT) RED Special Edition iPhone SE Price specs SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleOnePlus 3T Midnight Black edition unveiled Next articleDownload licensed WinX MediaTrans for easily managing media from your iOS devices Bindu Nair RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Apple kicks off iOS 10.3 rollout Apple wins iPhone 6 patent case in China Apple patent transforms your iPhone or iPad into a MacBook 244,858FansLike 13,639FollowersFollow 13,855SubscribersSubscribe TRENDING All Alternatives Apple Cameras Download Features Gaming General Guide Hardware Home Entertainment Interesting Internet iPod News Laptops Mobile Phones Science Security Software Tablet Tech Reviews Telecom Wireless More Samsung Galaxy S8, Galaxy S8 Plus get leaked side-by-side Sohil Nikam - Mar 28, 2017 0 Moto G5 coming to India on April 4 Bindu Nair - Mar 28, 2017 0 Truecaller adds Google Duo video calling support Sohil Nikam - Mar 28, 2017 0 Load more ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Mobile Opinion: Apple just made its best iPhone even better Opinion: Apple just made its best iPhone even better By Joel Hruska on March 23, 2017 at 10:00 am Comment Last year, Apple launched the iPhone SE. It’s the company’s last remaining 4-inch device, and it uses the same chassis as the iPhone 5s, but packs iPhone 6s hardware into the form factor. The diminutive smartphone was reviewed extremely well, but for one aspect of its design: Its low-end model was limited to 16GB. Now, Apple has removed that restriction and bumped the basic storage to 32GB, while keeping the same $399 price tag. In doing so, it’s transformed the iPhone SE into the best iPhone on the market, in my personal opinion, even if the guts of the chip are now 18 months old. Here’s why: First, the iPhone SE is still the easiest iPhone to grip and use with one hand. The iPhone 6, 6s, and 7 may only technically be slightly larger, but that small difference is increased when you add a protective case. It may not be a huge difference (in fact, it can’t be when you consider we’re talking about millimeters) but every millimeter counts. I am aware, of course, that there are plenty of people who love giant phablet phones, and some won’t be happy until the skit below becomes reality: Nonetheless, as a person who likes the ability to answer a call, type a text, or flip through menus while securely gripping my phone, the original iPhone 5’s chassis is superior to anything Apple has built since. Second, there’s battery life. Despite being built on older technology, the iPhone SE’s battery life beats the iPhone 7, as shown in the chart below, from Ars Technica’s review of Apple’s latest hardware. Data by Ars Technica The only Apple device that manages to beat the iPhone SE is the iPhone 7 Plus, which wins by a whopping 3 percent. In gaming tests, the iPhone SE is tied with the 7 Plus and 6 Plus as the longest-lasting smartphone, at ~374 – 377 minutes. Third, there’s price. True, the iPhone SE isn’t as fast as either the iPhone 7 or 7 Plus, but it’s also a heck of a lot cheaper — and you may never notice the processor difference since it’s pushing fewer pixels than the two larger phones. A 32GB iPhone SE is $399, an iPhone 7 starts at $649, and the 7 Plus is $769. That’s the base price for 32GB of storage for all three phones. You may not be getting quite as much overall performance, but even the iPhone 7 is 1.62x more expensive than the SE. Fourth, you get to keep your headphone jack. I won’t belabor this point; you either care about having a headphone jack or you don’t. Fifth, while mobile benchmarks are great for showing big numbers on devices, they aren’t so great at actually capturing the experience of using the device. My personal phone today is the iPhone 5c (16GB). It’s built on iPhone 5 hardware, which means I’m “rocking” a smartphone effectively built in 2012. I’m not going to tell you that I don’t notice the speed difference between an iPhone 7 and my poor 5c. Of course I do. It’d be stupid to claim otherwise. But the relative experience of using the 5c has degraded much more slowly than the discount iPhone 3G I bought in 2009 and was painfully waiting on by 2011. My 5c is effectively a year older than my 3G was when I replaced it, but it’s far more useful to me at this point in its life cycle than the 3G was. Smartphones, like PCs, don’t age as quickly as they used to. (I might love the SE, but I also find the video below to be hilarious). If you love huge screens and cutting-edge tech, this opinion piece won’t change your mind. If you’re an Android user, well, I don’t expect us to see eye-to-eye, either. But one of the reasons I’ve stuck with Apple is because it continues to make a small phone that suits my preferences at a time when most of the Android market has been chasing larger devices. The only reason I didn’t upgrade to an SE already is because the 16GB capacity stuck in my craw, and bumping up to 32GB removes that problem. If the screen size doesn’t trip you up, it’s arguably the best iPhone you can buy today. Tagged In apple iphone mobile iphone 6 smartphone iphone 5c iphone 7 iphone 3g handheld iphone 7 plus iPhone SE Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Android founder’s new smartphone teased, lacks corners and bezel Mar 28 Razer launches refreshed Blade Pro with THX support, Kaby Lake processors Mar 28 ET deals: Get online courses from Udemy for just $10 each Mar 28 Amazon’s cashier-free store breaks when more than 20 people are shopping Mar 28 Elon Musk wants to implant an AI interface in your brain Mar 28 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
WikiLeaks’ New Dump Shows How The CIA Allegedly Hacked Macs and iPhones Almost a Decade Ago The new documents show how the CIA was ahead of the curve in attacking Apple computers. Earlier this month, when WikiLeaks dumped a cache of hundreds of secret documents allegedly detailing the CIA's hacking operations, Julian Assange promised that was just "less than 1%" of what the secret-spilling had in its hands. On Thursday, WikiLeaks released a new cache of twelve documents, mostly detailing how the CIA allegedly hacked Apple computers and cellphones around a decade ago. "These documents explain the techniques used by CIA to gain 'persistence' on Apple Mac devices, including Macs and iPhones and demonstrate their use of EFI/UEFI and firmware malware," WikiLeaks stated in a press release. EFI and UEFI is the core firmware for Macs, the Mac equivalent to the Bios for PCs. By targeting the UEFI, hackers can compromise Macs and the infection persists even after the operating system is re-installed. The documents are mostly from last decade, except a couple that are dated 2012 and 2013. While the documents are somewhat dated at this point, they show how the CIA was perhaps ahead of the curve in finding new ways to hacking and compromising Macs, according to Pedro Vilaca, a security researcher who's been studying Apple computers for years. Judging from the documents, Vilaca told Motherboard in an online chat, it "looks like CIA were very early adopters of attacks on EFI." "It looks like CIA is very interested in Mac/iOS targets, which makes sense since high value targets like to use [those]," Vilaca told me. "Also interesting the lag between their tools and public research. Of course there's always unpublished research but cool to see them ahead." Read more: WikiLeaks Won't Tell Tech Companies How to Patch CIA Zero-Days Until Its Demands Are Met One example where the CIA appears to have anticipated what independent security researchers later found out is what the agency calls "Sonic Screwdriver," a technique to infect Macs with malware stored in an Apple Thunderbolt-to-Ethernet adapter, according to one leaked document. Sonic Screwdriver, according to Vilaca, appears to be the same attack that Trammel Hudson later showcased in late 2014 and dubbed Thunderstrike. While the two techniques look similar, the CIA's one appears to have different capabilities, and might have also been inspired by a talk at the Black Hat security conference in 2012, by a researcher known as Snare. Sonic Screwdriver allowed the CIA to install its tools on a Mac even if the firmware password was enabled, while Thunderstrike allowed an adapter to overwrite the motherboard boot flash, which provided a more persistent intrusion. Another document dated 2008 alleges that the CIA had developed a malicious implant for the iPhone that could be "physically installed onto factory fresh iPhones," according to WikiLeaks. "[NightSkies] is installed via physical access to the device and will wait for user activity before beaconing," the document reads. This suggest that just like the NSA, the CIA at some point might have been able to intercept iPhones and compromise them before they reached the target. The CIA declined to comment. Subscribe to pluspluspodcast, Motherboard's new show about the people and machines that are building our future.
Home News Companies Mobile Gadgets Opinion Cyber Security Multimedia Fin24 TechGadgets Montblanc launched a smartwatch. Here’s why it matters 2017-03-23 17:00 - Bloomberg: Chris Rovzar Post a comment 0 share: RELATED ARTICLES Richemont offers to scale back plan to cut watchmaking jobs Johann Rupert's job cuts at Richemont shock Swiss watchmakers Richemont announces changing of the guard amid profit plunge New York - Last week, Montblanc became the first brand in the Richemont family of luxury companies to put out a smartwatch. The Montblanc Summit, based on Google's Android Wear 2 platform, aims to compete with, among others, the Apple Watch and rival Swiss brand TAG Heuer's Connected Watch (which was released last year and will get an upgrade likely to be announced this week). Like the TAG, which is also on the Android platform, the Montblanc watch is targeted to fans of the brand. By designing the case to look like a classic mechanical watch from its 1858 line, it hopes to attract a mix of loyalists and also millennials who aren't necessarily accustomed to wearing anything on their wrists but who might try out a unique-looking smartwatch. "We hope that the Summit shows customers new and old that Montblanc is rooted in innovation and adapts to what the modern professional needs," said Montblanc chief executive officer Jérôme Lamberg. The differences between the TAG and Montblanc versions are not vast - they both offer an array of Android apps. While the TAG has GPS for sports apps and NFC for making mobile payments, the Montblanc watch has a heart-rate monitor embedded in the back of the case. They both come loaded with watch faces that look like their iconic models, which these companies swear is important, but to me slightly misses the point. Fans love mechanical watches for their ingenuity, beauty, and internal structural achievement - a dimly-lit 2D simulacrum on a screen, cased in something that looks like a mechanical watch, is hardly the same thing The greater market Smartwatches have become a large category but have still undersold compared with expectations. Market research firm IDC estimates that 19.8 million smartwatches were shipped in 2016, missing a 28.3-million projection by almost half. In the third quarter of last year, for example, Apple Watch sales were down more than 70%. A large part of the problem is that makers of this kind of wearable (as opposed to a simpler, more purpose-built Fitbit) haven't yet really made a case for why its users need them, when a smartphone is almost always near at hand. Think about it. If you own a smartwatch, and you accidentally leave it at home, what do you do when you get to work or school and you realize it's not with you? Then think about what happens when you leave your phone at home. Improving by iteration When Apple Inc. launched its series 2 watch in September 2016, it featured improvements based on feedback from communities that use the device. "A significant difference between the first and most recent versions of Apple Watch software is that a lot of what you want to do, from functional stuff to what's just plain fun, lives at the top layer of the UI now," explains Jack Forster, an industry expert and the editor-in-chief of the watch enthusiast website Hodinkee. "It's often simple stuff, but it makes a huge difference in the experience. For instance, you can change the watch face now much more easily and without navigating sub menus. There's a familiar-to-Mac-users app dock now, and so on." The Apple Watch 2 also featured built-in GPS, which meant that a runner or cyclist could hit the road without having to carry a phone - a huge difference for athletes. Smaller brands   While Apple owns more than 40% of the smartwatch market, according to IDC, you'll find more community enthusiasm, in my experience, for such watches as Garmin's sports offerings - which offer exactly what outdoor athletes want. "Dedicated fitness trackers still do a better job at filling specific needs, although there are other mission-specific smartwatches out there that show how much room there is left to innovate and clarify product identity," explains Forster. "Casio makes trekking-oriented smartwatches, for instance." The same IDC report that had smartwatches on the decline listed Garmin as the industry's one bright spot, increasing more than 300% year over year. (That report came out right as the Apple Watch 2 was hitting stores and does not reflect a bump that may have come from the new technology.) If Swiss watchmakers and Apple and Google want to make smart timepieces more essential, it's good that brands with smaller, more specialized communities are having watches made just for them. Montblanc's summit watch "Smartwatch makers are creating products with a clearer identity," says Forster. For example, the Montblanc watch comes with a clever, intuitive world timer app that was built for the timepiece. Why? Montblanc users are travellers. "The Montblanc customer is a modern, on-the-go professional that enjoys the luxury heritage lifestyle/status that Montblanc is known for," explains Lambert, the CEO. "Today’s Montblanc customer is living in a digital world where connectivity is key to success." At 46mm across, the watch is large, as well. That's too big for my wrist, but it's huge for a reason. "This large face, made with curved glass, allows for users to play in various apps and text or email with ease," Lambert added. Future versions of the Summit may link with Montblanc's Augmented Paper (paper notebooks that record your writing into the cloud) in a work/play ecosystem that suits fans of the brand perfectly. Say you're traveling business class on a flight from Dubai and you can't bring on a laptop or tablet. Suddenly your phone, your watch, and such gadgets as Augmented Paper become much more important. A Long road Analyst John Guy of Mainfirst Bank estimates that the Connected Watch has come to represent less than 10 percent of TAG Heuer total sales over the past year; in other words, it didn't change TAG's bottom line or its business model. And it likely won't, at least for a while. (In pricing, the Swiss are nowhere near competing with Apple. At roughly $960 for the Montblanc and $1 500 for the TAG, they way overshoot the $369 Apple Watch 2.) But they are teaching the Swiss brands what their users want from a smartwatch—if anything. "I think it's still not entirely clear to a lot of players in the traditional watch space why their fans would want a smartwatch version of their watches," says Forster. "Which isn't very surprising, because I don't think the tech world in general has figured that out either. "Manufacturers feed new designs into the marketplace, and consumers say to themselves, 'Well, I didn't know it, but I really do want one,' and as various products are accepted or rejected, manufacturers refine their approach."Read Fin24's top stories trending on Twitter: Fin24’s top stories Read more about: richemont  |  retail share: More In This Category Your guide to the biggest smartphones heading to SA Hisense introduces new rugged smartphone to SA PICS: Swarovski crystal smartwatches on sale at new Huawei store One week before Samsung S8 arrives - in three colours Most Popular Read Samsung to sell refurbished safety-recalled Note 7 phones Telkom said to plan breakout of tower assets Hisense introduces new rugged smartphone to SA Musk on brink of `Wright Brothers moment' with reused rocket Feature phones make huge African comeback Contact us   |   About Us   |   Terms & Conditions NEWS24  |   OLX  |   PROPERTY24  |   CAREERS24  |   SPREE  |    
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Apple will be building iPhones in India within weeks By Post Staff Report View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) March 23, 2017 | 10:58am Modal Trigger Reuters More On: iphone Nobody will get to buy the iPhone 8 4-year-old uses Siri to call for help and save his mom's life Trump is firing off tweetstorms from an iPhone now The new iPhone is coming with some big changes Apple is about to begin building iPhones in India for the first time, according to a report. Looking to gain a foothold on the sub-continent’s fast-growing market, Apple and its Taiwanese contract manufactuer Wistron will likely start manufacturing iPhone 6 and 6S models in India within the next four to six weeks, the Wall Street Journal reported Thursday, citing local government officials. “Almost all preparations have been done for launching Apple’s first phase project in Bangalore through Wistron,” the official told the paper. “We’ve been working hard to develop our operations in India,” an Apple spokeswoman added, declining to comment specifically on the plans. “We appreciate the constructive and open dialogue we’ve had with government about further expanding our local operations.” With iPhone sales slowing in China, Apple has been looking to crack India’s market. A key problem has been that its iPhones are too expensive for most customers in India. Apple could cut iPhone prices in India by at least $100 by side-stepping local import tariffs with a local factory, an analyst estimates. Apple is also in talks with the Indian government to bring its component makers to India, the Journal reported, citing state officials. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under apple ,  india ,  iphone Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Robot company claims to create, not kill jobs Read Next Robot company claims to create, not kill jobs Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 126,846 Schumer loses cool with Trump supporter at swanky restaurant 93,438 'One word' sparks ridiculous infighting at ESPN 91,636 The New York Times' ongoing dishonesty only helps Trump Now On Why Michelle Pfeiffer couldn’t get hired in Hollywood Stars who now have normal jobs This is the worst David Beckham has ever looked SEE ALL Video 0:47 Comic book nerds fell into a pool, and looked amazing doing it More Stories pagesix Schumer loses cool with Trump supporter at swanky restaurant Now On Decider Alec Baldwin's First Thought When Meeting Tina Fey: "Is She Single?" nypost 'One word' sparks ridiculous infighting at ESPN New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad Mac Watch Apple Watch Guide TV Apple TV guide Download Deals Daily Deals: $120 GoPro Hero Session, $5 iTunes movies, and more tvOS 10.2 for Apple TV now available with accelerated scrolling & other... macOS Sierra 10.12.4 with Night Shift for Mac launches watchOS 3.2 with Theater Mode, Siri in apps & more now available...   skip to main content skip to main menu     Apple responds to ransom threat: iCloud, Apple ID and other systems have not been breached By Christian Zibreg, Mar 23, 2017 Tweet 3 Comments Yesterday, a hacker group known as “Turkish Crime Family” told Motherboard it had obtained access to hundreds of millions iCloud and Apple ID accounts. They’ve threatened to reset passwords and remotely wipe Apple devices of all their data, including photos, videos and messages, unless the company pays a ransom of either $75,000 in the Bitcoin/Ethereum cryptocurrencies or $100,000 in iTunes Gift Cards, by April 7. Today, Apple denied the hacking claims, telling Forbes that iCloud, Apple ID and other systems haven’t been hacked into directly. “There have not been any breaches in any of Apple’s systems including iCloud and Apple ID,” an Apple spokesperson told the publication. As it turns out, “Turkish Crime Family” has most likely obtained a cache of stolen email accounts and passwords. “The alleged list of email addresses and passwords appears to have been obtained from previously compromised third-party services,” Apple commented. A person familiar with the contents of the alleged data set told Forbes that many of the email accounts and passwords matched data leaked in a past breach at LinkedIn. The LinkedIn hack exposed passwords of more than a hundred million users. Hundreds of millions of passwords belonging to Yahoo and Dropbox accounts were also leaked. Subscribe to iDownloadBlog on YouTube “Turkish Crime Family” originally said it held 300 million iCloud accounts for ransom, but soon after corrected themselves and said they had in their possession login credentials for as many as 559 million Apple email and iCloud accounts. “I just want my money and thought this would be an interesting report that a lot of Apple customers would be interested in reading and hearing,” an unnamed member of the hacker group told Motherboard. “It’s not uncommon for hackers to use journalists as megaphones to bring attention to their claims, even when their threats are empty,” cautioned Forbes. The usual caveats apply: don’t use the same password across online services, change your passwords on a regular basis and use password managers to secure all your passwords. If you have the same password for your Apple ID and LinkedIn, you may be in danger as hackers would attempt to reuse your compromised LinkedIn password to break into your Apple ID. Be sure to use Apple’s Two-Factor Authentication as an additional layer of security for your Apple ID/iCloud account. Apple told Forbes that it is “actively monitoring” to prevent unauthorized access to user accounts. Such measures are “standard procedure,” added the firm. “We are working with law enforcement to identify the criminals involved,” said the Cupertino firm. “To protect against these type of attacks, we always recommend that users always use strong passwords, not use those same passwords across sites and turn on two-factor authentication.” Source: Forbes Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Hackers tying to extort Apple over dubious claims, threatening to remotely wipe iOS devices iCloud was storing deleted browsing histories, but Apple fixed the issue iOS 10 found to store call logs for up to 4 months, Apple explains FBI confirms a tool it bought to unlock terrorist’s iPhone 5c does not work on iPhone 5s and newer Related Topics Apple, Apple ID, Hacking, iCloud, News, Privacy, Security Vinnie Bones “I just want my money…” lol John Lol. That comment the ‘hacker’ made even suggests its not a ‘family’ or ‘hacker’ group and just a muppet teenager that thinks he has something special by compiling stollen data that anyone can get if they just look on tor or warez forums. John Bs hacker. Probably some half wannabe ‘hacker’ thats compiled a list of stollen usernames and passwords from stollen databases that anyone can download from warez and tor sites and thinks he has something special. N00b.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Daily Deals: $120 GoPro Hero Session, $5 iTunes movies, and more Facebook adds Snapchat-style effects and auto vanishing Stories to its mainland app Apple seeds first betas of iOS 10.3.2, tvOS 10.2.1, watchOS 3.2.2 and macOS 10.12.5 Luca Todesco announces his departure from the jailbreak community Hands-on with tvOS 10.2: fast scrolling, updated Remote app & more   The latest jailbreak news Luca Todesco announces his departure from the jailbreak community Last chance to downgrade from iOS 10.3 betas and save blobs for iOS 10.2.1 Add some squareness to iOS with ringUI Jailbreak tweaks of the week: YouTubeVolume, Zeal, & more… Zeal is a battery management system for your jailbroken iPhone or iPad iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
